Some ex-offenders are living rough for up to a year before finding suitable accommodation. Prison Link Cymru had 1,099 referrals in 2015-16. Charity workers say investment in housing would be cheaper than jailing homeless offenders. Changes to the Housing Act in Wales, introduced in 2015, removed the right for prison leave
Three firearms, ammunition and a five-figure sum of money were recovered. A 26-year-old man was arrested and appeared at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday.
Jordan Hill, Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper, all 18, and Tanishia Covington, 24, appeared in a Chicago court on Friday. The four have been charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery. An online fundraiser for their victim has collected $51,000 (£42,500) so far
The 48-year-old played for the Royals for four years. He was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003.
Mice put on a modified form of the "fasting-mimicking diet" Spent five days on a low calorie, low protein, low carbohydrate but high unsaturated-fat diet. Then they have 25 days eating what they want - so overall it mimics periods of feast and famine.
France's Essilor is the world's number one manufacturer of lenses. Italy's Luxottica is the leading frame manufacturer. If the deal goes through later this year the new company will become a behemoth.
Wendy Houvenaghel says British Cycling has 'zero regard' for her welfare. The Olympic silver medallist was critical of both Shane Sutton and her team-mates in the aftermath of the London 2012 Olympics.
US comedy club revenue is expected to grow by 1.8% over the next five years. Industry veteran Jerry Seinfeld is the highest paid comedian in the US. Stand-up comedian Steve Byrne says hard work is the key to success.
BT dodged a bullet - and, as the chief executive of Ofcom, Sharon White, admitted, it was for prosaic reasons. She said complications with land deals and BT's pension scheme meant there were "practical obstacles" to a break-up.
Celtic take on Rangers in the Scottish League Cup semi-final. Brendan Rodgers will make his first visit to Hampden Park as Celtic boss. Rodgers' side beat Rangers 5-1 in the league last month.
Queen's says no compulsory redundancies should be required. University aims to reduce number of student places by 1,010 over next three years. Education Minister Stephen Farry says some students may now choose to study in other areas of the UK.
The leaflets said the patient had been referred for an urgent appointment as their symptoms might indicate cancer. East Sussex NHS Trust has put the mix-up down to an external company that distributes its printed material.
Ten shadow ministers were among 47 Labour MPs who rejected party orders. Shadow chancellor John McDonnell said frontbenchers would have to quit. Draft legislation comes back to the Commons on Monday for three days of debate.
The midfielder was sold by the Gulls to Bournemouth in 2012. The National League side had a 15% sell-on clause in the deal. Manager Rob Nicholson says any money will go to help the club.
Iwan Wyn Lewis had been sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd hospital. The 36-year-old was visited by an officer about his bail arrangements. A doctor said the conversation could have added to his distress. His body was found in the Menai Strait on 2 May.
Taylor-Fletcher has made just two appearances for Leicester this season. The 33-year-old joined the Foxes from Blackpool in the summer.
Dr Waleed Abdalati served as Nasa's chief scientist in 2011, for two years. He says it is too early to tell if this type of rhetoric will be backed up. Other researchers are taking a more pessimistic view on the question of data access.
The Specials tweeted: "It is with deep regret that we say goodbye to our great friend, the world's greatest drummer, our beloved Brad" Bradbury took part in the band's reunion tour in 2009. He also headed up a band called JB Allstars.
Tiger Woods misses the cut at the PGA Tour's Torrey Pines event. World number one Jason Day and US Open champion Dustin Johnson also missed the cut. Overnight leader Justin Rose leads the field on eight under.
Cole suffered kidney failure in 2015 after contracting an airborne virus. He has just returned to his role as a United ambassador following surgery. The 45-year-old is not even allowed to fly to Barcelona for a United legends game.
Pakistan's telecoms regulator said the ban was no longer necessary. Google, which owns YouTube, had launched a Pakistan-specific version. Many young Pakistanis have welcomed the lifting of the ban. But some activists want greater transparency of the deal with Google.
The 26-year-old was injured in last week's win over Exeter. Director of rugby Richard Cockerill said it is 'probably the last we will see of him' scrum-half Sam Harrison has signed a new deal.
Great Britain win team pursuit gold in world record time. Geraint Thomas won at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics. Bradley Wiggins, Steven Burke and Ed Clancy also beat world champions.
The death toll doubled over the last two days in Gujarat state. Officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people. This years monsoon rains have affected millions across at least 20 states. The north-eastern state of Assam has also seen dozens killed.
Bridget and Jonathan Reid tied the knot at Nevis Range, near Fort William. They got married in full Highland dress, which includes a kilt, and white wedding dress surrounded by snow-covered mountain landscape.
Hong Kong regulators said RBS's controls were "seriously inadequate" The regulator said the fine took into account the bank's speedy action in alerting authorities. The fine is relatively small compared to others the bank has received in the last few years.
Emma Stone thinks Mia Dolan could win a Bafta or Oscar. Casey Affleck said he'd grabbed a word with Meryl Streep after the ceremony. Viola Davis said anyone who labels Meryl Streep an 'overrated' actress doesn't know anything about acting.
Of his first 30 matches in 2017, the world number one has won 21 and lost nine. Murray's straight-set defeat by Jordan Thompson in the first round at Queen's Club was the sixth time he has lost to a player outside the top 20 this year. He has had shingles and an elbow
Mandla Hlatshwayo and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men. The suspects were found in possession of drugs and an unlicensed gun. South Africa has one of the highest murder rates in the world.
Witnesses said they heard a gun being fired near Anfield Road Primary School. Pupils and staff have been ordered to stay indoors while police investigate. Ch Supt Mark Harrison said it "beggars belief" it would happen at a school.
Jessica Ennis-Hill is third overall after the first day of the Hypo-Meeting. The Olympic champion is still on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics. Canada's Commonwealth champion Brianne Theisen-Eaton leads ahead of the final event.
Just Racing Services has been in administration since 6 January. FRP Advisory has been unable to find a buyer for the Manor team. Manor's collapse leaves 10 teams - 20 cars - on the grid in Melbourne.
Only 90 will be returned to Stormont - compared to 108 from previous polls. Out of the 228 candidates, 70 are women. The election will take place on 2 March.
We asked readers to send in questions about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100. Drew asked: "Should I get my cash now or should I wait? Will there be much change between now and then?" Anthony said: "It is always worth shopping around when buying currency"
More than 300 people entered Alternative Model of the Year. Zoe Waters, 19, from Bishop Auckland, is the winner.
The National Museum of the Royal Navy is consulting over a proposed move. It wants to relocate the Royal Marines Museum from Eastney to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard. An online petition against moving the statue has attracted more than 1,800 signatures.
Suspect appeared at Old Bailey accused of failing to contact monitoring company. Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures replaced control orders in 2012. The Home Office has refused to comment on the case.
The 33-year-old takes over the role from Charlotte Burton. Anyon took 199 wickets in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex. He will also coach the women's under-19 and under-21 sides.
The younger brother of Sunderland's Wes Brown had been on trial with the Shakers. Brown has also had spells at Bradford, Doncaster, Oldham, Coventry, Ipswich, Watford and Carlisle.
Kenneth Branagh's Cinderella is a live-action version of Disney's 1950 animation. British actress Lily James stars as the wicked stepmother and Cate Blanchett as her stepmother. Helena Bonham Carter plays the fairy godmother.
For the first time in Eurovision history, the host nation barred another country's singer. In 2015, Russia's Julia Samoilova performed in Crimea, annexed by Russia a year earlier. Russia declined: after the dramas of last year's Eurovision, Moscow was in no mood to compromise.
Alex McKechnie, then 16, was in the crowd for that first show. He went on to be a regular at the club. "The Beatles were the complete package," he says.
Government hopes to introduce minimum wage within two years. But critics say it could put more people out of work. South Africa faces possible downgrade to sub-investment grade by credit agencies.
For many of Ethiopia's Horn allies, the death has come at an awkward moment. Mr Meles was a complex figure, hard to pigeon-hole, much less force into a one-dimensional portrait frame. His message of social justice and modernisation resonated with many in the homeland.
Azhar Ali passes 1,000 Test runs for Pakistan. Australia lead the three-Test series 1-0.
SNP's John Lewis Ritchie topped the Leith Walk poll with 2,290 votes. He was elected at stage one in the voting process with a swing in first-preference votes of 7.6% from Labour. Scottish Labour's Marion Donaldson received 1,623 votes, ahead of Susan Jane Rae of the Scottish
US Secretary of State John Kerry warned the US was "on the verge" of suspending talks with Russia over Syria. Kerry: "There is no notion or indication of seriousness of purpose with what is taking place right now" Russian foreign ministry said a US refusal to co-operate would be a gift to "terrorist
Hooker Hughes and flanker Evans both named in Wales squad. Wales play Ireland, Georgia and New Zealand in June's Junior World Championship.
US politicians have not minced their words in response to Russia's hacking. Dmitry Medvedev: "Sad that the Obama administration, which started its life with a reset, ends it in anti-Russian death throes" Maria Zakharova: "Today America, the American people, has been humiliated by its own president
Labour's big move on fees represents a complete of direction. Previously in government, Labour raised fees and in opposition proposed a modest reduction. But they are now proposing to bulldoze the apparatus of fees, loans and repayments.
West Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth said recovery operation was "extremely challenging" Sussex Police have also finished their work at the scene, but their investigations are continuing. AAIB said it wanted to interview 51-year-old pilot Andy Hill as soon as possible.
Dan Coats told a Senate panel he did not think it was "appropriate" to discuss his conversations with the president at a public hearing. His comments follow a report that President Donald Trump asked him to derail the Russia investigation. The National Security Agency chief also declined to comment on the matter. Admiral Mike Rogers
The Rev Al Sharpton tweeted about a performance by Prince and Steve Wonder. Mr Earnest did say the Obamas paid for the party on "their own dime"
Loughgall Tannyoky Road, Poyntzarrow Carrowreagh Road, Dundonald Edenticullo Road, Hillsborough New Line Road, Rathfriland Drumanus Road, Derrygonnelly
As part of our fight against this, we have a very much underutilised tool - food. In Doctor in the House, Dr Rangan helps 34-year-old Emma Gleeson. She has been experiencing anxiety, depression and panic attacks for years. By changing her diet, as well as reducing her
Go Set a Watchman will be the 88-year-old American author's first release since the 1960s. The surprise move prompted some suggestions Lee was manipulated into publishing the decades-old manuscript.
Washington blames Russia and the Syrian government for intensifying attacks. Last week, the US warned it would halt the talks unless Moscow stops bombing Aleppo. Russia said it regretted the US move, accusing it of shifting the blame for the collapse of last month's truce.
The news has prompted headlines around the world. Politicians and city leaders have taken to Twitter to congratulate him. Jemima Goldsmith, the sister of Tory party rival Zac Goldsmith, congratulated Mr Khan.
The video was posted on Facebook after a traditional advert failed to attract applicants. It was viewed more than 30,000 times and attracted media coverage. The new vicar, Henriette Howarth, will take up the post next week.
Kevin de Bruyne will be out for around 10 weeks, says his agent. The Belgium international was injured in City's 4-3 aggregate win over Everton. De Bruyne changed the game from the bench but fell awkwardly in injury time.
The 27-year-old Swiss man also died on Sunday, they said. Five other people were hurt when the man set fire to the train and stabbed passengers in the attack on Saturday. Police have said there is no indication of a political or terrorist motive for the attack.
Flybe passenger aircraft was flying at 900ft (275m) when drone was seen. Police search area but have not found the drone or operator. Cornwall Airport Newquay confirmed a drone had flown within air traffic zone.
The grey seal was found at Cruden Bay on Tuesday. Scottish SPCA removed the seal from beach and took it to rescue centre. Ch Insp John Carle said amount of netting was largest he'd ever seen.
Collection includes letters from Prince Charles and Truman Capote. Sir Patrick, who was known as Paddy, died in 2011 at the age of 96. He spent much of World War Two on Nazi-occupied Crete.
Mr Roache, who is secretary of the union's Yorkshire region, won 56.7% of the vote. The union is the third largest in the UK with more than 600,000 members.
Singer kicked off new series of Later... with Jools Holland. Her second album The Dreaming Room is due in June. Annie Mac's new single Phenomenal Woman debuted on Radio 1.
Jonas Gutierrez was diagnosed with testicular cancer last year. The Argentine had an operation to remove his left testicle. Gutierrez is out of contract with Newcastle in the summer.
Exeter City made a profit of £1.642m for the 2014-15 season. Matt Grimes' sale to Swansea City was a record sale for the club. The club were also forced to get an emergency loan to pay players' wages.
Abdullah Hayayei was pronounced dead at Newham Leisure Centre on Tuesday. The 36-year-old was preparing for the World Para-athletics Championships. Majid Rashed, vice president of the UAE International Paralympic Committee, confirmed "the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete's head" The Health and Safety
End of last year saw growth across several sectors of the economy. Manufacturers reported their highest growth in new orders for nearly three years. In retail, there was also a return to optimism - though only just. However, there are warning signals, with tourism companies having difficulties in finding skilled recruits.
Home Office lawyers say they have uncovered more than 80 possible miscarriages of justice relating to undercover policing. Investigations revealed officers had also had relationships with women while undercover. "Jacqui", who had a son with a man she thought was a fellow animal rights activist, did not discover he was an undercover police
All Blacks were five points behind at half-time as four penalties from Handre Pollard cancelled out Jerome Kaino's early try. A Dan Carter drop-goal and a Beauden Barrett try put the champions ahead. South Africa replied with two penalties but a Carter effort in between secured victory despite ferocious
Wellington monument on Blackdown Hills, Somerset, has been fenced off since 2005. The National Trust is using ground-penetrating radar to see under its stone cladding. Built in 1817, the 174ft tower has been struck by lightning twice in its history.
Group's sales jumped from 9.4bn to 10.5bn, an increase of 11%. The group's clothes can now be bought online in around 40 countries.
The Super Bowl is one of the biggest platforms in the world - and Gaga has been putting in the hours to ensure her set is suitably spectacular. She has a high standard to live up to - notably Prince's show in 2007. Here are some of the other most memorable moments from the last 30 years
Laura, who was abused by the gang from the age of 13 until she was 17, said the targeting of girls by Asian men was still going on in Greater Manchester. Nazir Afzal, who brought the case against the Rochdale gang, said five years on some victims nationally are still not being listened to.
Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock on Tuesday. Victoria Centre store is closed "until further notice" after clean-up operation.
Over the weekend, more than 400,000 comments were posted on the FCC website. These comments were apparently made by automated systems. The flood of comments was in protest at the FCC's net neutrality proposals.
Sale have moved home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season. The club moved from Edgeley Park in Stockport to AJ Bell Stadium in 2012. Sale's new 10-man board was announced by director of rugby Steve Diamond.
Moana is the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time behind Frozen. Some observers have said that Moana and its merchandise are appropriating Pacific Island culture. Disney withdrew a children's costume promoting the film after activists branded it "brownface"
The world number 18 beat American wildcard Madison Brengle 6-3 6-1. Konta will play China's Saisai Zheng in the last eight on Friday.
Two men have been taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Emile, from Meliandou, Guinea, died of Ebola in December 2013. His friends said he used to play in a hollow tree surrounded by bats. Scientists took and tested ash samples from the tree and found DNA traces that were a match for the animals. Previous tests show this species of bat can
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Stuart Bingham in the final of the 2016 World Championship. Bingham said he would play in this year's tournament if his wife gave birth. The 39-year-old said his wife has been supportive of wanting him to play.
Work on the "dangerous" structure is expected to take about three weeks. Parts of the Grade ll pier, which was already closed to the public when it gave way on 1 February, will be saved.
Campaign to Protect Rural England will put its case to a High Court judge. The five-storey university blocks provide 439 accommodation units. flats overlook a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
Dave Baker, of the Olympus Trust, said government cuts had left it at "crisis point" Trust runs one secondary, one all-through school and five primary academies in South Gloucestershire. Mr Baker warned parents of the "unthinkable" decisions the trust could be forced to make.
Experts are worried that creating national parks often involves removing the people who live in these areas. Liberia has proposed 30% of its forests become protected areas by 2020. DR Congo, funded by Germany and the Global Environmental Facility, aims to set aside 12-15%.
The skull was found by workers doing a survey of the junction four roundabout. West Mercia Police said "further skeletal remains" were found close to the skull. The eastbound entry slip road remains partially closed.
Dusmatov was awarded a unanimous points victory. Two judges scored the fight 30-27, and one 29-28. Martinez, 24, is the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia.
The University and College Union says the 1.1% rise is 'an insult' But the Universities and Colleges Employers Association said the walkout was 'disappointing' Unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer. Any strike action could take place in the autumn term.
East Dunbartonshire Council plans to build a new denominational primary in nearby Bearsden. Parents at St Joseph's and the Catholic Church have been fighting the plan.
Kazuyoshi first played for Brazilian side Santos in 1986. He scored 55 goals in 89 appearances for Japan. Miura holds the record as the oldest scorer in Japanese football.
Security forces reportedly used tear gas against stone-throwing protesters. They also surrounded the hometown of Burhan Wani, who was killed last year. Seven people are reported to have been killed in shelling across the Line of Control.
The Bank of England has already been doing this ahead of the referendum. With sharp moves in exchange rates, there are several options. But if they felt the swings were too sharp and destabilising they could intervene. Interest rate moves and QE can also be used to address longer term fallout.
The 33-year-old is the younger brother of Harlequins number eight Nick Easter. Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final at Saints after joining from Nottingham.
Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Denbighshire, was closed more than three years ago. A report found some patients were treated like animals. At least seven patients' families were told treatment may have contributed to their deaths. Betsi Cadwaladr health board said an investigation
Declan Paul Butcher from Roe Park Court committed the'single punch' assaults on Market Street in Limavady on 2 October 2014. CCTV footage showed his first victim being knocked unconscious. A second man suffered a double jaw fracture. Butcher was sentenced to 14 months in prison.
Solo, 33, will now miss matches on 8 February against France and 13 February against England. In 2012, Solo, tested positive for a banned substance a month before winning a second Olympic gold medal. The US are preparing for the Women's World Cup in Canada in June.
Omar Khan, 31, had worked at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years. Erlin Manahasa, Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali joined Khan in admitting the same charge. They are due to be sentenced on 15 April.
Officers south of the border fired the Tasers eight times during 2015. Tasers were used against a man armed with a large knife in December. British Transport Police said they reached the decision following 'detailed discussions' with Police Scotland.
UKSE is the Tata Steel subsidiary set up to assist growing companies in traditional steel areas. ID Systems works in the industrial and commercial utilities sector. clients include Scottish Water, Forestry Commission and National Grid.
Helio Hermito Zampier Neto, a 31-year-old defender for Chapecoense, was in a stable condition. He had surgery on a lung, a knee, a wrist and his head, doctors said. Five other people survived the crash, which killed 71 people. Colombian officials say evidence
Protest staged by Stonehenge Alliance outside London consultation event. Highways England says it is working to find "the best solution possible" The public consultation on the proposals runs until 5 March.
Everton beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in their first Europa League game since 2010. Ricardo Rodriguez own goal and a Seamus Coleman header gave them a 2-0 half-time lead. Leighton Baines put the game beyond Wolfsburg with a second-half penalty. Kevin Mirallas drilled in a late fourth for Everton before Rodriguez grabbed
Bishop has made 119 league appearances for the Iron since joining in 2013. The 35-year-old helped them to a third-placed finish this season.
Pawel Sroka, 33, is charged with the murder of his 29-year-old partner, Joanna Trojniak. A special post-mortem examination on 24 March gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest.
41, 000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer every year. 10,700 will die of the disease, making it the fourth most common cause of cancer death. Scientists have discovered 80 new genetic markers for breast, ovarian and prostate cancer.
Christian Wade scored two tries as Wasps ran out comfortable winners. Bryce Heem was sent off for a high tackle on Willie le Roux. Biyi Alo and Jackson Willison crossed for Worcester.
Huguette Dupeu was killed in the museum attack in Tunis. A huge march against terrorism is planned for Sunday. The museum's planned reopening earlier this week was postponed.
US intelligence company Stratfor has released images of Mosul airport. They show how almost all buildings at the airport have been destroyed. Runways have also been damaged, with rubble placed along their lengths. Stratfor says the runways have rendered the airport worthless as an asset for attacking forces.
The line between Reading and London Paddington closed at the end of last year. Overrunning engineering work is being carried out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday. Network Rail said it had "hundreds of buses" ready in case it overruns.
Coastal Oil and Gas Limited given permit to drill in field at St Nicholas. The permit does not allow fracking - hydraulic fracturing of the land. Fracking is subject to a temporary ban in Wales until decision-making powers are devolved.
transactions previously recorded in Luxembourg, with which Amazon had a low-tax agreement. Now sales made through subsidiaries in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy will be registered in those countries. Amazon had received heavy criticism for its tax avoidance policies.
British Medical Association announced three spells of strike action in November. Junior doctors' leaders object to the prospect of a new contract. Government has indicated it will impose the new contract next year in England.
The 19-year-old will now be eligible to play against Barnsley in the Football League Trophy final on Sunday. He joined up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter and has made 13 appearances for the U's.
Kingston Maurward College awarded £3.24m for new animal sciences building. Weymouth College given £0.5m to refurbish two buildings. grants part of £214m investment in 47 colleges in England.
Greg Dyke has invited Astle's widow Laraine and his daughters, Claire and Dawn, to Wembley Stadium on 10 August. The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward died in 2002. A neurosurgeon said last month that he died from a brain condition linked to boxers rather than Alzheimer's disease as
Since the 2008 global financial crisis, the wealth gap between the world's top 1% and the rest of us has grown. This increasingly stark division between haves and have-nots is leading to increasing rancour towards the very wealthy. Robert Kuhn, a former investment banker and corporate strategist, is himself
Tom and Rob Webber have made nine appearances between them this season. Both play in the back row and have also featured for the England Under-20 side. The pair became only the fourth set of twins to play side-by-side in the Premiership.
The incident happened near Corbett Place and Calais View at about 08:30 on Thursday. Police are urging anyone who saw the man to get in touch. He is described as being in his late teens or early 20s with dark, curly, short hair.
Egypt-backed plan had envisaged a regional forum on nuclear weapons. Proposal was blocked by the US, the UK and Canada. Israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons.
Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant writes to councils reminding them of ban. He says Welsh ministers prefer to look at renewable energy. Energy Secretary Amber Rudd has stressed UK government's support for fracking.
Since dethroning Wladimir Klitschko in Dusseldorf last November, the Briton has resembled a runaway lorry. Fury is not the first boxer to lose motivation having reached the pinnacle of the sport. The problem with a siege mentality is that you forget what's happening beyond the castle walls.
England head coach Eddie Jones will name his Autumn International squad on Friday. Wasps boss Dai Young expects a number of his players to make the cut. Jones will trim his squad to 35 for a training camp in Brighton next week.
Victor Noble Rainbird was born in North Shields in 1887. His favourite subjects were the North Sea and his hometown. Many of the pieces on display have never been seen in public before.
Neil Lennon says Scott Brown's return to Scotland squad would boost Gordon Strachan's team. Brown retired from international football after last season's injury problems. Scotland face England at Wembley in a World Cup qualifier on November 11.
Bird's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in Bethesda. RSPCA Inspector Mike Pugh freed the animal and released it back to the wild.
The Communication Workers Union said the walkout would start on 19 December. It will involve thousands of workers from the Crown Post Offices. The Post Office said it would be "business as usual" with 97% of its branches not involved.
Ulster Unionists have released their manifesto for the Northern Ireland election. Leader Mike Nesbitt said: "Domination doesn't work, partnership does" He has been criticised for remarks about transferring to the SDLP.
Human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills also found. A man in his 30s was arrested, but later released without charge.
Enda Kenny said a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could trigger a referendum. Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was'mischievous' and 'not going to be taoiseach'
Morecambe are top of League Two after beating Yeovil 1-0 on Saturday. Kevin Ellison scored the only goal of the game at Huish Park. Morecambe lost their opening game of the season at newly-promoted Grimsby.
Qatar has been under unprecedented diplomatic and economic sanctions for more than two weeks. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the UAE and Bahrain accuse it of backing terrorism. They have demanded the closure of Al Jazeera TV, which is funded by Qatar.
Ms Evans said she would "very much like" to run for UKIP leadership. But she said a "handful of people at the top" had ensured she could not. She was suspended in March for bringing the party into disrepute.
Shiv Kumar Yadav has also been charged with "criminal intimidation" The victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home. She said she was taken to a secluded area and raped.
Wales were knocked out of Euro 2016 by Portugal in the semi-finals. Chris Coleman's side have established themselves as Wales' greatest. The team spirit has been the foundation of their success.
Lower Whitecraigs in East Renfrewshire is classed as the least deprived. Glasgow has 56 of the 100 most deprived areas, down five on 2012. Edinburgh has six, up two on four years ago. Renfrewshire Council said a long-term plan to change the area's fortunes was under way
Paul O'Donovan won lightweight single sculls semi-final in Rotterdam. Irish duo Mark and Shane O'Driscoll will compete against Cassells and Scrimgeour in Saturday's lightweight pairs final.
Johnston came through Kilmarnock's youth ranks to make the Premiership side's first team. The 22-year-old moved to Kirkcaldy last summer and played 34 times.
Leroy Fer gave the hosts a first-half lead. Roberto Firmino levelled shortly after half-time. James Milner netted the winner six minutes from time. Liverpool have now won four Premier League games in a row.
First ever positive steroids test in the history of Scottish rugby. Players are under pressure to get bigger, but cheating is cheating. Young players go to the gym after taking supplements.
TRNSMT is being held on what was traditionally the weekend of the T in the Park festival. Other bands appearing over the weekend include Kasabian, Biffy Clyro and The Kooks. Radiohead will headline the opening night, with Kasabian headlining on Saturday.
Yongbyon reactor was shut down in 2007 as part of disarmament-for-aid deal. Pyongyang vowed to restart it in 2013, following its third nuclear test. White House said North Korea should "focus instead on fulfilling its international obligations"
Andrew Bedford, 27, from Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire, was last seen in September 1990. Three people were arrested in connection with his disappearance but no-one was charged. In April, Cambridgeshire Police reopened the investigation as a murder inquiry. Detectives think Mr Bedford was killed with a shotgun sometime during the evening of 28
The extravagant millionaire has grabbed the ailing Reds by the scruff of the neck. Koukash has promised to make the Super League strugglers the biggest rugby club in the country within three to four years. Key to Koukash's dream is his campaign to raise the sport's £1.8m salary
Isobel Joyce takes 4-20 and Robyn Lewis 2-9 as Zimbabwe are bowled out for 78. Victory over Scotland will secure a place in next year's World Twenty20. Ireland have avoided a meeting with tournament favourites Bangladesh.
Norman Betchley died in 2009 after he was mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse. Colchester Hospital said the CQC report did not reflect improvements it has made. Inspectors said the hospital demonstrated "poor leadership"
Cavendish came sixth in the first of six cycling events on Sunday. He was second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race. Becky James broke the women's sprint Olympic record in qualification.
Finance Minister Mirtn Muilleoir made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round. Health accounts for about half of Stormont's departmental spending.
Cameron and Tyler accuse Facebook of 'intentionally or inadvertently suppressed evidence' during previous litigation. Row dates from 2003 when the Winklevosses hired Mr Zuckerberg to write code for their ConnectU site while at Harvard.
A teenage pedestrian was knocked down by a Ford Focus in Thrybergh, Rotherham. The car involved was thought to have been travelling towards Dalton at the time. Its driver was not injured in the crash.
Harry Chapman Pincher was defence correspondent of the Daily Express. He beat his rivals to a string of scoops. One of his great strengths was the ability to remember minute details. After his retirement he published a series of books.
Stewart had rejected a move to Birmingham on Wednesday. But he has now agreed personal terms and passed his medical. He could make his Blues debut against Leeds on Saturday.
The woman, in her 20s, was arrested in September under Operation Elveden. She has agreed to make a payment of £40 to an armed forces charity.
Care Inspectorate gave Nithsdale House a score of one (unsatisfactory) Drumpellier Lodge received the second lowest rating in three areas examined.
Officers were called to Derby Road, Enfield at 15:30 GMT on Saturday. Reports of a gun being seen in a car were received. The reported car was stopped at 16:00 GMT and four men inside were arrested.
Southern Electric said supplies had been restored to 10,000 properties. The firm said it was not yet known what caused the outage. Lancaster town hall closed while the outage was dealt with.
Plans for development on Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket, Suffolk, had been approved. But last year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision. Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart ruled that Mr Javid's decision was fatally inconsistent and "plainly deficient"
Cowes ferry service has been suspended since launch on 14 May. Since then it has broken down, run aground and been suspended. Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing would be free until 2 July. He said the council had ordered a review of the project by auditors.
Sliti initially joined Lille on a season-long loan last summer. The 24-year-old has agreed a three-year contract with Les Dogues. Sliti has made just five appearances since his return to Tunisia.
British astronaut spoke to children on board the International Space Station. He took time out from his six-week mission to talk to them.
Martyn Irvine wins BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year. Irvine became first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years. The 28-year-old beat boxer Carl Frampton and motorcyclist Michael Dunlop.
Italian C-27J aircraft had been flying from Iceland to Italy. It was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution. Flights are believed to have been delayed for a short time.
Bomb disposal officers were sent to Birmingham's Lee Bank area on Friday. Nearby roads were closed and cordoned off. The men were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Euro 2016 kicks off with France playing Romania on Friday, 10 June. There are 24 teams competing in the finals, an increase from the 16 that had taken part in every edition since it was hosted in England in 1996. World champions Germany are understandably one of the favourites. Holders Spain are also short odds
Greece beat GB 92-64 in their last meeting in Patras, Greece. The match will be GB's only home game before FIBA EuroBasket 2017. Coverage will be on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website and app.
Bernard Foley kicked all Australia's points, with Dan Bigger twice on target for Wales. Australia now face Scotland in the quarter-final on 18 October, with Wales against South Africa the day before. It was Wales' 11th consecutive defeat against the Australians.
Cotter will leave Scotland job and be replaced by Glasgow boss Gregor Townsend at the end of the season. Scotland have not won an opening day Six Nations fixture since 2006. Ireland have won 14 of 17 Six Nations matches between the sides.
Gen Petraeus devised the strategy that saw a "surge" in US troop numbers. He secured support from Sunni tribesmen against al-Qaeda. Iraq's US-backed army is now battling to retake territory seized by IS.
Website service provider based in England was targeted by hackers. City of Edinburgh Council assured no other personal details were accessed. Officials have warned of a potential increase in spam or phishing emails.
Rebels said to have launched attacks in the province of Latakia and in Hama. Syrian opposition delegation in Geneva said it intended to suspend peace talks. Fighting in recent days, particularly around Aleppo, has left peace talks on verge of collapse.
Instagram was bought by Facebook for $1bn (£619m), but has never made a profit. The company, which now has 150 million users, has long left analysts wondering how it could turn enthusiasm among photographers into a business model.
Actor who played David Bowie's lead role in musical Lazarus will perform. Other nominees include Laura Mvula, The 1975, Kano and Bat For Lashes. Radiohead are also shortlisted for their album A Moon Shaped Pool.
Gurpal Virdi, 56, of Hounslow, west London, was acquitted by the jury. He had denied indecently assaulting a male prisoner and misconduct in public office. During the trial Mr Virdi accused the Metropolitan Police of bringing the case against him.
Welsh Secretary says it would be "completely wrong" to stay in single market. But he played down differences with the Welsh Government over the issue. His predecessor Stephen Crabb said the election had changed the debate.
Hillsborough families met with the home secretary for the first time since the inquests ended. Some relatives asked for assurances there will be criminal prosecutions. Theresa May has previously praised the dignity and determination of the victims' relatives.
New guidance aims to help police identify online crimes more easily. It also highlights those who post people's personal information - known as doxxing. But Alison Saunders said context will be an important factor in decisions. She stressed this did not mean prosecutors could "stifle free speech"
Eight people killed on Sunday when paramilitary soldiers fired bullets and shotgun pellets at those protesting against Indian rule at polling centres near Srinagar, the summer capital. Eyewitnesses say four shots rang out from the school building where polling was taking place for a parliamentary by-election. Faizan was among the eight people killed
North Wales Police were called to the incident involving a silver Ford Transit truck. The woman was flown to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor by air ambulance, but later died.
Bids have been submitted by Abellio, Arriva, KeolisAmey and MTR. The successful bidder will have to make a slice of its profits available to be reinvested in the railway. A contract will be awarded in early 2018.
Robbie has presented Scottish dance music show Take the Floor since 1980s. Thousands of listeners tune in to the show on Saturday evenings. This weekend will be his final programme as permanent host. BBC Scotland director Ken MacQuarrie: "Robbie is one Scotland's most recognisable voices"
Carlisle have three 'home' fixtures at neutral grounds following flooding at Brunton Park. Stanley's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging.
The supporters had been on a stadium tour but managed to cut themselves off from the remainder of the party. They were found on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium before being handed over to police, who decided not to arrest the pair.
Accrington Stanley beat Preston North End 3-2 in the second round of the League Cup. Billy Kee scored in the third minute of stoppage time to give Stanley victory. Kee also scored in Accrington's 3-1 win against Colchester on the opening day of League Two.
Andrew Bickel, 39, was fixing a light at the Catwel shop in Cardiff. He nipped out to his van and returned to find his tools were gone. Mr Bickel's original Facebook post about the mistake went viral.
Muir will not be with the Scotland team at next year's event on Australia's Gold Coast. The 24-year-old finished fourth and sixth in the 1500m and 5,000m at the World Athletics Championships. Muir says her veterinary medicine studies will mean she will miss the event.
Ranger was jailed for eight months in May after admitting online banking fraud. Southend boss Phil Brown expects Ranger to return to training. The 26-year-old joined Southend in August 2016 and scored eight goals in 27 league games last season.
Sir Terry died surrounded by his family after a short but brave battle with cancer. A book of condolence has been opened at the BBC's New Broadcasting House. Sir Terry hosted TV chat shows, fronted the Eurovision Song Contest and was the face of Children in Need.
Unions warn of possible delays to funding for the Royal Navy's new frigates. Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson insists there is no change to the timetable. Labour said it was vital that promises were kept while Lib Dems called for an end to uncertainty.
Immigration, healthcare and outreach to Latino voters dominated the debate. It disintegrated into long periods of shouting and personal insults. Next week's vote in 11 states is held on what is known as Super Tuesday.
Ukraine stole the show from Russia and Australia. Jamala's song, 1944, deals with Stalin, Crimea and claims of ethnic cleansing. Political songs are not allowed at Eurovision, but 1944 was permitted because it was based on historic fact, rather than current politics. John Kennedy O'Connor, broadcaster
Lifeguard service at Camber Sands, East Sussex, to be funded by council. Five men died during a day trip to the beach last August. A month earlier, two others also lost their lives.
Archibald guided Partick Thistle to a top six finish last season. Osman says Archibald is one of the best managers he has played under.
All 10 had their passports confiscated after they were detained at Montreal's Trudeau International Airport. Police said they could not disclose the identity of the suspects or provide information about what led to their arrests.
The 21-year-old made his debut for the Tigers in the League Cup in August. Dixon was captain of the Championship club's under-21 side.
An independent report estimated these groups cost the NHS £2bn a year. Ministers said some of that spending was unavoidable, but said it would be realistic to save a quarter. Savings would come from deterring so-called health tourism, recovering money owed by other countries and a levy on non-European temporary residents.
Belfast Giants defeated Braehead Clan 5-3 on Monday evening. Giants are second in the table, one point behind Coventry Blaze. Cardiff are back in action against Coventry Blaze on Tuesday.
The steam engine was originally built in Doncaster, but took its name from the Edinburgh to London service. After the last original locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966, the train toured the world.
249 men suing the Catholic Church over alleged historical sexual abuse. Only one man out of five initial cases heard has been awarded compensation. Another set of compensation claims is expected to be heard in 2017.
It is the third highest opening weekend from the JK Rowling series. The film also worked its magic at North American cinemas. It took an estimated $75m (£61m) over the weekend.
Williamson fractured her neck and back after colliding with Elis Ligtlee. The 22-year-old spent four weeks in hospital after January's accident. Williamson hopes to be back "easy riding" on a bike by the end of the summer.
Men languishing far behind for decades, but now starting to get closer to women. If current trends continue, both sexes could be living to the age of 87 in 2030.
Nazir Afzal joined the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners last year. He was a former Crown chief prosecutor for north-west England. It was announced he would step down in March 2015.
Moody's downgraded China's credit rating, its investor benchmark for analysing the country's economic performance. Now, the rating is still A1 - the agency's fifth highest - but nevertheless highlights growing concerns about the amount of debt the world's most populous country is carrying. The issue is
Thames Water says the tunnel is the best way to stop sewage dumping in the River Thames. Professor Colin Green claims the firm could borrow the money required to build the tunnel for around 2% a year.
NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21% of salmon and 25% of sea trout dying each year. Tidal Lagoon Power (TLP) said the claims had no "clear scientific basis"
Josh Strauss will leave Glasgow Warriors when his contract expires this summer. The South Africa-born forward becomes Sale's first new signing for next season. Strauss joined Glasgow from Super Rugby side Lions in 2012.
Flight MU736 was heading from Sydney, Australia to Shanghai. The pilot reported problems with the engine about one hour after take off. Passengers told media they smelt something burning inside the aircraft. Images circulating on social media showed a large hole in the engine casing.
Katy James was refused leave to remain because her husband Dominic earns less than £18,600 per year. Mr and Mrs James live in Eastbourne and have a daughter, Madeleine, aged two. Immigration Minister James Brokenshire has written to their MP to say after an interval review the Home Office would reconsider
See how you can submit your images and videos below. If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk. Post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland.
All 42 Scottish clubs discussed league reconstruction on Tuesday. A 16-team top-flight among the proposals. Czech technical director says bigger league would help youth development.
Mr Tshibala will be leader until presidential elections later this year. He was expelled from Congo's largest opposition party last month. Talks to negotiate his exit from power broke down last week.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Paul Hayes had a first-half header cleared off the line by Reuben Reid. The Chairboys have lost just one of six league games at Adams Park this term.
Fairfax says it will cut 125 editorial jobs to absorb slumping revenues. Staff will strike until after next week's federal budget, one of the year's biggest local news days. Like most media outlets around the globe, Fairfax is suffering from falling circulation of its print editions.
Gloucestershire's Marquand nominated for BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year. The 17-year-old won the champion apprentice trophy in his maiden season. Trainer Richard Hannon says he could be a champion jockey one day.
Colombia's president stopped the talks after the rebels seized Gen Ruben Dario Alzate and two others on 16 November. The captives were handed over to a humanitarian mission led by the Red Cross. They were taken to a military base near Medellin before travelling to be reunited with their families.
Akpan had a goal disallowed for handball in Tuesday's loss at Sheffield Wednesday. The 25-year-old was then shown a red card for his protests. Akpan and Blackburn have until 20 and 21 February respectively to respond.
Biologists studied a group of Sydney octopuses off Australia's east coast. They observed a range of behaviour that may indicate complex social signalling. Octopuses that stand tall, turn dark and spread their web in a "Nosferatu pose" are likely showing aggression. Conversely, paler octopuses
Robson will return to action at the Aegon Open in Nottingham. The 22-year-old reached world number 27 in July 2013. British top three Johanna Konta, Heather Watson and Naomi Broady also in action.
Human Rights Watch says they must check to see if any of the people killed during anti-government protests in January have been buried there. Government says all the bodies were buried in a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies.
Everton have been without a manager since sacking Roberto Martinez. The Toffees will pay about £5m compensation for the 53-year-old Dutchman. It is expected Koeman's appointment will be confirmed by Friday.
Communities Secretary Sajid Javid accused some English councils of "fudging" the numbers on housing need in their area. But the response to the government's proposals has been decidedly mixed. Labour's shadow housing minister John Healey described them as "feeble beyond belief"
Tractor laden with explosives was driven at a military police station. The attack happened early on Sunday near the town of Dogubayezit in Agri province. Turkey has carried out hundreds of air raids on PKK bases on both sides of the Iraq-Turkey border.
Robert Thomson, 18, from Bellshill, was last seen on Friday 3 June. He was reported missing by his family two days later. Body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive, Motherwell.
Barcelona's Lionel Messi is valued at £149m. Manchester United's Paul Pogba is the only English player in the top 10. Tottenham duo Harry Kane and Dele Alli complete the top five.
Solar Impulse left Nanjing at 02:39 (18:39 GMT) It is likely to take Mr Borschberg five to six days of continuous flight. The journey is the seventh leg in the single-seat, propeller-driven aircraft's quest to circumnavigate the globe.
Yvonne Mosquito was suspended after visiting a murder victim's family without informing officers. Following a disciplinary in May 2016, Ms Mosquito had an employment tribunal listed to take place in May 2017. A joint statement said "all outstanding matters" were resolved.
Ed Herrmann was diagnosed with brain cancer and was in intensive care. The 6ft 5in star died in New York surrounded by his family. He played grandfather Richard Gilmore on Gilmore Girls, a waspish family drama.
Northern Ireland beat Poland 2-0 to keep their Euro 2016 hopes alive. Gareth McAuley and Niall McGinn scored for Michael O'Neill's side. The win was Northern Ireland's first at a major tournament finals in 34 years.
Judge rules there is nothing in the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement to prevent the government triggering Article 50. Cross-party group of MLAs and victims' campaigner Raymond McCord brought separate legal bid. Mr McCord's son was murdered by loyalist paramilitaries during Northern Ireland's Troubles
Lydia Wilkinson said looking after her father was a'massive relief' Aaron Barley, 23, has been charged with their murders and attempted murder. Pierce Wilkinson, 13, died in hospital after paramedics battled to save him.
Matthew Todd Miller, a 24-year-old US citizen, was sentenced to six years of hard labour on 14 September 2014. He had been in custody since 10 April when, according to North Korean sources, he destroyed his tourist visa and demanded asylum.
The annual test determines the academic futures of high school students. The head of the national exam board has offered to resign. South Korean media said the mistake would affect test scores.
Gloucester have played away from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007. University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds, who are in the third tier of rugby league, currently play in Cheltenham.
In July, Conor McGinn claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning his father. It followed an interview in which he called for Mr Corbyn to "reach out beyond his comfort zone" Mr McGinn said the modus operandi was to "isolation and ostracise me from them"
Wiggins and Cavendish are among eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic Games to be involved. Dutch road race silver medallist Tom Dumoulin will also race. The eight-day event concludes in London on 11 September.
Ronald Chigunwe worked for Wessex Heartbeat, which supports the cardiac centre at Southampton General Hospital. He pleaded guilty to four offences of fraud and money laundering. The Crown Prosecution Service will now decide whether he should face trial.
The victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an upper-caste girl about a month ago. She has alleged that police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon.
Turkish forces have targeted Islamic State inside Syria, but have also gone after Kurdish fighters in the same region. The pursuit of Kurdish forces, whom Ankara considers terrorists, has led to criticism by the United States. Ankara contacted the US ambassador on Wednesday over comments the foreign ministry called "unacceptable"
Jeffrey John: "Yn eu barn nhw, byddai esgob'n hoyw yn peri gormod o drafferth." Gwadu'r honiadau mae Mainc Esgobion yr Eglwys yng Nghymru
Toshiba in talks with Japanese lenders over money it needs to reorganise business. Firm admitted in 2015 it had overstated its profits by $1.3bn over seven years. It currently employs almost 200,000 people and its shares have lost 40% of their value.
England reached 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah. They are chasing 284 for victory in the third Test against Pakistan. England's previous record chase in Asia is 209 against Bangladesh in 2010.
Gatland says Henry indicated to his players at the outset of the trip. He says that meant his compatriot "lost half the team on day one" Gatland's side face the Provincial Barbarians in the tour opener on Saturday.
Hodson played 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock last season. The 24-year-old will compete with James Tavernier at Ibrox.
Tentative camp was set up in Croick Churchyard, near Ardgay, in 1845. Tenants from Glancalvie Estate set up camp to make way for sheep farming. descendants of one of the women have donated the decanter to Inverness Museum.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Eddie Girvan, 67. The 31 year old, who has 100 previous convictions, was told she must serve three years in prison. Mr Girvan was found dead at his home in County Antrim. He was virtually naked, bound and gagged
Illicit weapons trade has gained attention following recent terrorist attacks. The dark net is a part of the internet that requires software to access. Study found firearms and related goods generated 136 sales per month. Guns account for less than 1% of items sold on the platform.
Chris Rock and Malaak Compton-Rock have been married for 19 years. The couple have two children together, Lola Simone, 12, and Zahra Savannah, 10. Rock made his name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s.
Paul Mason, of Ipswich, used to weigh 70 stone (440kg) He has lost more than 40 stone (254kg) with the help of gastric band surgery. His visa application had been delayed due to a previous criminal conviction.
Hsp90 inhibitors were found to strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK.
The agreement between the EPFL and Uefa ended on 15 March. It had been in place to boost attendances and TV viewing figures. Arsenal's FA Cup replay against Hull City in March 2016 was given special dispensation.
At least 66,000 girls and women in the UK are believed to be victims of FGM. Campaigners say girls are most at risk of undergoing the procedure during the long summer holidays.
The 19-year-old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday. Police cordoned off an area of the park as part of their investigation.
Curtis and assistant Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley's sacking. Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon as possible, with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice. Curtis believes the current Swansea squad is good enough to stay up.
Total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12% on last year. Graduates start repaying debt once their income reaches £21,000. After 30 years outstanding debt is written off. Average sum owed at start of repayment was £19,280.
Unnamed man was stopped at Turin Airport wearing a pilot's uniform. He was charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation. No motive for the man's actions was reported immediately.
Last government made progress on the issue, but more must be done, PM says. People from outside EU applying for a visa to join their spouse or partner now have to prove they have a basic command of English.
Joseph Rowntree Foundation said number of children in working families rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013. UK government said its plan for a national living wage would help people. People are classed as being in poverty if their household earns or receives less than 60% of the national average income.
European Court of Justice ruled mobile workers should count travel time as work. The ruling relates to the Working Time Directive, which caps the working week at 48 hours. As many as 975,000 people in the UK could fall under the remit of the ruling.
Correspondents said the atmosphere at schools was subdued and many pupils had not returned. Parents had been taken by surprise by the government's decision to reopen schools with only four days' notice. More than 8,400 people have died in West Africa in the world's worst outbreak of the Ebola virus.
FTSE has fallen 5.2%, or 363 points, since Monday. On Friday the index closed 2.8% lower, while markets in Paris and Frankfurt saw falls of about 3%. Only one company on the FTSE 100 saw gains on Friday - Royal Mail.
Sylvia Fleming, 17, was pregnant when she was murdered in Omagh in 1998. Stephen Scott was sentenced to life, but has been taking part in pre-release scheme. Victim Information Scheme gives victims opportunity to provide information about prisoners.
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov posted a video on Instagram of Mikhail Kasyanov with a sniper's gun sights. The video was in response to a speech by Mr Kasynov in which he called Vladimir Putin's critics "enemies" and "traitors" Instagram said the video had
Manchester United beat Arsenal 2-1 in their Premier League clash. Kieran Gibbs' own goal and Wayne Rooney's late strike earned the win. United's makeshift defence held out for the majority of the game.
More than 1,200 people have already signed up to the equity crowdfunding scheme. Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus, Ohio. The Aberdeenshire-based company has raised more than £26m since 2009.
Unions had won backing for strike action after the firm proposed closing the final salary scheme. Workers have now agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining open. A national strike scheduled for 22 June was suspended following talks at the arbitration service Acas.
German investment firm, JAB Holding will pay a 78% premium to Keurig. The deal will make JAB the biggest player in the North American single-serve coffee pod market. Coca-Cola will take a 17.4% stake in the new private company.
Glasgow-based university accused of 'victim blaming' on Twitter. Poster said: 'Bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes she'd used a StR0n_G_Pas5w0Rd%' Dozens of private pictures of Hunger Games actress Lawrence were released on the internet in September.
Victim named by police as Ali Nasrollahi, 22, was found collapsed in Barnet. He was treated by paramedics for a single stab wound but died soon after arriving at hospital. Police launch murder inquiry and have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Exeter only had four players called up to the Six Nations squad. That compares to seven players from Wasps, Saracens and Bath. Chiefs coach Rob Baxter says his side didn't start the season well.
Celtic are looking to become the first team to go a 38-game Scottish Premiership campaign unbeaten. They have gone unbeaten in a season once before, in 1897-98, winning 15 of the 18 games played. Brendan Rodgers' men must avoid defeat by Hearts on Sunday to finish title-winning campaign without defeat.
Penglais Farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms, but only 700 will be ready this month to welcome students. The university said developer Balfour Beatty confirmed the remaining 300 rooms would be ready during the 2015-16 academic year.
Skye and Marshall did not appear at Christmas lights switch on in Londonderry. Nickelodeon said they had not "organised or authorised" the use of the characters. Derry City and Strabane District Council has since apologised.
Colin Calderwood quit his role as Chris Hughton's number two at Brighton. The 51-year-old had previously managed Nottingham Forest and Hibernian. Brighton released a statement on Friday saying Calderwood had left the club.
The 30-year-old was not selected for the British and Irish Lions tour this year. Roberts has started 83 of his 91 Tests for Wales but only one since November. Wales' first Test is part of an Auckland double-header on Friday, 16 June.
England's tactics against Scotland were route one, using the forwards. Centre Jonathan Joseph didn't really get the ball and the wingers mainly got it from kick returns. England edged the breakdown in terms of numbers and actual turnovers.
The team finished second but the final handover between Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili, 18, was not completed in time. Gemili said: "Maybe I went early or too hard. It's disappointing as we could have been in contention in the final."
Vauxhall Zafira was travelling south when it crashed with a First bus. Driver, 58, suffered spinal injuries and a fractured ankle. Front seat passenger, 34, had injuries to his face and leg.
Mohammed Anwar, from Thornliebank, was trapped underneath the forklift. The incident happened on Glenburn Road in East Kilbride. Emergency services attended but he died at the scene.
Valerie Adams will make her professional debut in Manchester on Saturday. The 34-year-old will face Argentina's Virginia Carcamo. Adams has been training alongside the likes of IBF, WBA and WBO champion Andre Ward.
All sorts of conflicting signals are coming out of the international talks in Vienna. There's talk of both breakdown and possible breakthrough. But why is it judged so important to stop Iran? It's not just August 1945 which hangs heavy over the negotiations with Iran.
Mr Drumm was arrested in the early hours of Monday after arriving at Dublin Airport on an overnight flight from Boston. He was brought before Dublin District Court to be charged with 33 offences. Sixteen of the charges relate to the alleged provision of unlawful financial assistance to 16 wealthy investors.
Lala Njava released her first solo album Malagasy Blues Song in 2013. She is supported by her brothers, Pata and Dozzy Njava, and her cousin Christian Ravalison.
For years, Burmese mantra has been that "no foreigner can understand Rakhine's problems" Now Kofi Annan, the former UN secretary general, has been tasked with taking a fresh look at the issues. His report could just add to the mountain of papers written about Rakhine and the Rohingya.
I've only ever had one or two hugs from Ivan Lendl - I don't think there was any when I won Wimbledon. It was with a straight handshake that we greeted each other at Queen's Club on Tuesday morning - the first time we'd seen each other since the US Open last
More than 100,000 of the 3.6 million who voted were 16 to 17-year-olds. The Scottish referendum was a one-off for those under the age of 18. Young people have been trying for years to get the UK voting age lowered.
Lewis Hamilton is out of contract with Mercedes at the end of the season. Toto Wolff will need to find a replacement for the British driver. The Mercedes boss will have to choose between Hamilton and Fernando Alonso. Daniel Ricciardo, Max Verstappen and Felipe Nasr are all possibilities.
Smoking has long been associated with psychosis. King's College London team looked at data involving 14,555 smokers and 273,162 non-smokers.
Two adults and two children rescued from Uphill beach in Weston-super-Mare. Police and ambulance service also attended.
Lord Carey says he has dropped his opposition to the Assisted Dying Bill. The legislation would make it legal for adults in England and Wales to be given assistance ending their own life. It would apply to those with less than six months to live. Some 110 peers are already listed to speak when the House of
Leicester City sacked manager Claudio Ranieri on Thursday. The Foxes won the Premier League last season and were odds-on to win it. But they are currently 17th in the table and in relegation zone. Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker says the decision is "inexplicable" Peter S
Two more people pulled alive from the rubble of the eight-storey building. Army officer co-ordinating the rescue says heavy machinery needed. Police arrest three garment factory owners and two engineers. More than 350 people have died since Wednesday's disaster.
Scottish club Dundee United sign goalkeeper Harry Lewis from Southampton. Lewis, 19, made three FA Cup appearances for Saints last season. Manager Ray McKinnon has also given a contract to Deniz Mehmet.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 3-0 in the Scottish League Cup final on Sunday. Moussa Dembele, James Forrest and a late penalty won it for Bhoys. Aberdeen defender Willie Miller gives his verdict on the match.
Alexander Litvinenko died in 2006 after being poisoned by radioactive Polonium. The former Russian spy had become a fierce critic of Vladimir Putin. A public inquiry will examine the central question of who was responsible for his death.
Board officials said they would learn from the experience. Auditors highlighted a lack of transparency and poorly-managed conflicts of interest. Event cost more than £150,000 to arrange and the surplus was £1,368.
The incident happened on Morningside Road, near to Jordan Lane, on Sunday. Police Scotland have appealed to anyone who may have seen the elderly woman, or the bin lorry.
The John Deere tractor was pulled over by officers in the village of Ripley. The vehicle had been seen in nearby Harrogate at about 05:00 GMT. Police said the driver had no licence, was not insured and did not have permission from the tractor's owner.
Anh Nhu Nguyen, 52, of Beckenham, south-east London, is accused of defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council. He pleaded not guilty to both counts at Southwark Crown Court on Friday.
Africa will go through six human actions this year - it will stand, kneel, squat, bow, fall and then rise again. In the group of those who will be standing in Africa in 2017 is Donald Trump. Paul Kagame will use his constitutional right to ask for a new employment contract in August
Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords, Surrey, in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales. He told High Court that his "beautiful home" had now been "carefully dismantled" Mr Fidler, 66, had been told to tear down his home by 6 June or face jail.
The £570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began in March 2012. Nottingham City Council insists the service will transform the local economy. Delays were initially blamed on unexpected numbers of pipes and cables having to be moved.
Volunteers are transforming the family home of a mother who died from cancer. Show bosses said three vans have been hit in the past week. Presenter Nick Knowles tweeted on Wednesday to say he was'really disappointed'
Second year in a row the oil company has reported a loss. It warned it could fail to comply with its financial covenants this year. Oil prices have slumped by 70% since the middle of 2014.
EE dominated for speed, while Three was a close second in terms of reliability. Vodafone said it could not "take the results of this report seriously" RootMetrics conducted over 840,000 checks on voice, data and text services.
John Johnston, 27, admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit. He was spotted by a CCTV operator committing the offence and stopped by police in Buccleuch Street. Johnston was ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and given the driving ban.
Rio de Janeiro is set to get a new bus rapid transit system ahead of the 2016 Olympics. But some residents did not want to leave their 30-year-old community. Rio City Hall intended to relocate the families from Vila Uniao to small social housing apartments or offer compensation packages. After two years of
The reactor at Dungeness B in Kent would have breached the safety margin within months. The safety margins cover thousands of graphite bricks at the core of Britain's 14 elderly AGRs. But the bricks are both cracking and starting to lose weight due to decades of radiation.
Walter Palmer killed Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe. He is believed to have paid about??32,000 to hunt lions in the wild. Tens of thousands have signed a petition asking for his killer to be punished.
A single cask of 522 bottles of Lagavulin will raise funds for local projects. £310,000 to be donated to Islay Heritage to build a story of the island's past. £60,000 to be given to the Finlaggan Trust, which maintains the historical home of the Lord of the Isles
Dominic Elliott, 23, died in March after he was taken to hospital from his house. Inquest heard he had taken cocaine, ecstasy and temazepam before he drank the liquid. His former partner, John Fitzherbert, told the hearing he drove Mr Elliott to Scarborough Hospital in the early hours of
Chierika Ukogu is the first athlete to represent Nigeria in a rowing event at the Olympics. She raised $15,000 (£11,400) herself as she said the Nigerian Rowing Federation was not able to give her financial support. Snoop Dogg posted a photo of her on Instagram, claiming she had won
United Airlines flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22. But the aircraft declared a second emergency short time later. It comes a day after the same aircraft diverted to Edinburgh from London Heathrow.
The Great City Games will go ahead as planned on Friday in Manchester. A decision on Sunday's Great Manchester Run is expected in the next 24 hours. The FA Cup final, play-offs and PGA Championship are all this week. Manchester United will wear black armbands for their Europa League final
In May 2010 there were 203 academies, which are publicly funded independent state schools directly accountable to the DfE. The programme was started by the Labour government as a way to transform struggling schools. By September 2012 some 2,309 schools had converted, representing a growth of 1,307%.
Russell Knox is currently 27th in the world rankings. He is 131 places above the nearest Scot, Richie Ramsay. Knox is Scotland's best hope to at least fight for these trophies.
The 14-year-old from Blackpool disappeared on 1 November 2003. Her body has never been found. Lancashire Police has declined to comment.
Police want to know what Mr Bach's influence was over ticketing. Patrick Hickey, ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee, denies all allegations. Mr Bach has not returned to Rio since the Olympics and missed the opening ceremony of the Paralympics.
Joyce Banda took power over the weekend following the death of President Bingu wa Mutharika. Mr Mutharika's decision to appoint her as his running mate for the 2009 elections surprised many in Malawi's mainly male-dominated society. Mrs Banda was promptly thrown out of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party.
The draw for the first round of the Carabao Cup was made on Friday. National League promotion hopefuls Forest Green will host MK Dons. FA Cup giant-killers Lincoln will be away to Rotherham United. Hull City and Middlesbrough have been handed a bye into the second round. There
Two men have pleaded guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime. Pygmy marmosets command up to A$5,000 (£3,000, $3,700) on the black market. Jesse and Jackson George are not believed to have snatched the monkeys. They were charged with trying to profit from
Parliament's Intelligence and Security Committee said recruiters should try websites like Mumsnet to help increase the proportion of female spies. The report says women in the intelligence services are being held back by a layer of male middle managers.
The caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community said his 'heartfelt sympathies' were with the victims. He was speaking at a Peace Symposium held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque in Morden, south London.
The 31-year-old had publicly revealed she was expecting her third child during a concert in May. A statement on her Twitter account said: "Now is a time for grieving and being together as a family"
Guy Tomlinson, 37, was being chased by police when his car hit a tipper truck. David Anger and Christopher Needham, who were both passengers in the car, died in the crash. Tomlinson was also given a 15-year driving ban at Leicester Crown Court.
Jocelyn McKay is now 81 and said she feels "released" from the feelings that gripped her for so long. "For years I felt I was in the wrong body and it wasn't until I was 69 that I plucked up the courage to ask for help"
51 Eridani b is only 20 million years old - very young by astronomical standards. The alien world could give us more information about the formation of our Solar System.
More than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the two-day event. Security for the summit will be provided by 9,500 police officers from 43 UK forces. Newport council said it had been given assurances the camp will be a "peaceful encampment"
A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of an offence under the Computer Misuse Act and later bailed. The Sun reported it was offered the images, which included shots of Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Several high-profile figures have had images stolen from their iCloud accounts.
"Racist" graffiti found scrawled on a Polish cultural centre in Hammersmith, west London. Polish ambassador to Britain Witold Sobkow expressed shock at what he called incidents of "xenophobic abuse" He thanked the British public for messages of support and solidarity Polish community had received.
Sam Underhill ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury. McCusker made 133 appearances for Scarlets before moving to London Irish. The 30-year-old has won 10 caps for Wales.
Gunmen raid convoy on way to Le Bourget airport on the edge of Paris. Driver, two Saudis inside were later released. The convoy was said to have come from the Saudi embassy.
Sara Cox is English rugby union's only referee at Rio 2016. A former player, Cox turned to refereeing in 2007 after being injured. Cox also referees men's games at semi-professional level in National Two South. There has never been a woman referee in charge of a Premiership rugby match
Shetland coastguard lost radio and telephone links for almost five hours. NHS Shetland had earlier advised anyone needing medical attention to make their way to the hospital in Lerwick.
Beaulieu Convent School in Jersey referred to "worries about alcohol and drug consumption" at the end of Year 11 event for pupils aged 15-16. Head Chris Beirne said the "significant focus and distraction" did not fit into the ethos of the school. Former pupil Hannah Hosegood accused the school of overreacting
Raqqa is the de facto capital of so-called Islamic State. The city has been under the control of the militant group for a few months. Mohamed, a resident of the city, gives an insight into the "caliphate" He is desperate to cross safely into Europe, unable to pay
Porter left the National League side in October 2014, following Francesco Becchetti's takeover. The 37-year-old landed the same role with the O's under Barry Hearn in 2006.
At 81, Justice Ginsburg is the oldest serving judge on the Supreme Court. She was repeatedly pictured slumbering in her chair at Obama's State of the Union speech. Justice Scalia joked: "Well, that's the first intelligent thing you've done"
Police searched an address in Crumpsall, Manchester, on Friday. A 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key announces he will resign. Mr Key called it the "hardest decision I've ever made" He said he would not be seeking a fourth term in the 2017 election. Deputy PM Bill English is likely to take over until a new leader is chosen.
Labour accuses Tories of running a 'negative, nasty campaign' against Diane Abbott. It comes ahead of a debate on abuse faced by MPs and campaigners. Theresa May has called for parties to unite against "bullying and harassment"
A 17-year-old girl from Evesham has been charged with an attempted kidnap. Police say the driver may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby. The two girls are both described as white and age 17.
Street & Arrow food truck, in Glasgow's Partick, is to take on additional trainees. The scheme has received £208,000 of Scottish government funding. It addresses the social challenges of those with criminal convictions.
Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his 25-year-old victim. He then raped her at a flat in Cessnock on 10 December 2006.
Dallas police received an anonymous threat, two days after the killing of five police officers. SWAT officers were earlier deployed at the main building. A nearby parking lot was searched for a "suspicious person" but no-one was found.
Ben Flynn, 24, enticed the boy to his home with promises to use his Playstation. Police described Flynn as a "dangerous predator" Flynn admitted 13 sex offences including two counts of rape. He was ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life.
The European Space Agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on Monday, along with two crewmates from Russia and America. Here we run through a few examples of the experiments on Samantha's 'to do' list. Samantha will be doing lots of experiments to see how being in space affects her body
Alison Teal served with legal notice for her involvement in tree felling protests. Charges against her and 13 others were dropped earlier this year. Sheffield City Council says removal of street trees is lawful and necessary.
Brailsford has come under scrutiny since information on Sir Bradley Wiggins' authorised use of banned drugs was released by hackers. Further questions about Team Sky's doping controls led MPs to claim its reputation was "in tatters" "We all back Dave B 100%!", tweeted Thomas.
Spectacles will record up to 30 seconds of video at a time. They will go on sale later this year priced at $130 (£100) Snapchat is renaming itself Snap, Inc. as part of the announcement.
Guinea-Bissau cleared to play in Africa Cup of Nations after bonus row. Players had gone on strike after bonuses promised for qualifying were unpaid. They were due to fly to Libreville on Wednesday for the tournament.
Prime Minister says grammar schools should be able to expand. Weald of Kent girls' grammar school wants to open an annexe in Sevenoaks. The Department for Education is considering the plans.
Watford's Etienne Capoue scored early in the second half. Freddie Hinds and Bobby Reid replied for Bristol City. Jose Holebas was sent off in the 88th minute. Niclas Eliasson netted a breakaway goal to put the game beyond Watford. Adrian Mariappa scored a 95th
Two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff at HMP Erlestoke. No-one was hurt and those involved in the incident are being investigated. Prison Officers' Association said issues surrounded a lack of regime.
Root averaged almost 95 under Moores, who was dismissed on 9 May. The Yorkshire right-hander has since amassed 1,135 Test runs. Root was named player of the year for the men's side after a vote of cricket media.
Two goals from Marc-Antoine Fortune helped Southend to a 2-1 win at Peterborough. The Shrimpers are now fifth in the League Two table, while Posh are ninth. McCann has received positive news regarding Gwion Edwards' knee injury.
Opponents fear development in Allington, Kent, will destroy ancient woodland. Developer Croudace Homes said number of homes had been reduced. Public inquiry in Maidstone is expected to last until 10 June.
The Farnham to Alton line collapsed on 13 April. A replacement bus timetable has been in operation since then. The line is due to reopen on 4 May.
Asian police officer said he found a monkey toy at a London police station. Scotland Yard promised to investigate but the detective was himself investigated. He was later cleared at a misconduct hearing and received damages. Details emerged after a separate case at Thames Valley Police in which an officer put a monkey on a black colleague
Since 1986, 176 journalists have been killed in the Philippines. But Mr Duterte said many of them had "done something wrong" He made the comments at a news briefing in his home city, Davao. He was formally declared the next leader on Monday, after a landslide victory.
Ben Gerring, 29, was in the water near Mandurah, south of Perth. His injuries were too severe to overcome and he died on Friday night. Western Australia Police said a 4.2m great white shark was captured on Thursday.
Two RNLI vessels rescued the man at the Moelfre Lifeboat open day. He was then taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd, Bangor, by a UK Coastguard helicopter. North Wales Police is investigating the incident and has appealed for witnesses.
Botswana is one of the world's fastest growing economies. Diamonds account for one third of GDP and 70% of export earnings. However, production has peaked and reserves may run out by 2030. Botswana is looking to diversify its economy by strengthening existing sectors.
Kandyce Downer is accused of murdering her 18-month-old daughter Keegan. Court hears she had more than 120 old or recent bruises on her body. Keegan also had a "terrible" spiral leg fracture which had gone untreated. The child also had seven recently broken ribs which would have made breathing "very
Perth United beat St Johnstone 1-0 in the Scottish Championship. Ryan Dow scored the only goal of the game. The win was United's first in Perth in four years.
Joe Storey, 27, had denied murdering Kerri McAuley, 32, but admitted manslaughter. He punched mother-of-two after a row about an ex-girlfriend. Jury at Norwich Crown Court took less than an hour to find Storey guilty.
Three men rescued man trapped in crushed car on A47 in Norfolk. They jumped into chest-high water to free the man and helped to resuscitate him. Victim is in a stable but critical condition at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital.
Sir Bernard said number of armed officers will go up in London by 600 to 2,800. A further 900 armed officers are planned to be in operation for rest of England and Wales. But the Police Federation said it may take two years to fully train 1,500 recruits. It comes after 84 people were killed when
Measure aims to end Italy's post-war era of revolving governments. Lower house of parliament gave final approval to the bill by 334 votes to 61. Opposition parties boycotted Monday's vote.
The Dow Jones rose 0.2% to 19,251.78, while the wider S&P 500 gained 0.3% to 2,204.71. Banking shares performed strongly, with Wells Fargo up 2.2%, Bank of America rising 1.5% and Goldman up by 1.2%. Financial shares have climbed by over 15% since the election
Joseph Smith was not in a booster seat when the car he was in smashed into oncoming traffic. Dean Collins was found guilty of causing death and causing serious injury by dangerous driving on Tuesday. The 24-year-old, from St Mellons, was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court. He was also handed
The 49-strong team contains 10 athletes who won gold at Rio 2016. Two-time Paralympic champion Peacock misses out through injury. London will be the first time the event has been held in the same city. Britain won 31 medals in Doha two years ago, including 13 golds.
Jahangir's wife was allegedly raped eight years ago. He says he has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested because they are politically powerful. President Ghani promised him that "the case will be investigated properly"
Ben Frost, 27, barricaded himself into his girlfriend's flat in Princetown on Dartmoor. He was arrested two hours after breaking through the roof. Unemployed Frost admitted causing criminal damage and two of threatening behaviour.
Trott hit 175 as Warwickshire totalled 413 at Taunton. Tim Ambrose (63) and Rikki Clarke (57) also scored half-centuries. Young paceman Grant Thornton then took two of the four Somerset wickets to fall on his Championship debut.
Newport County 1 Yeovil Town 0; Exiles remain in League Two relegation zone. Mickey Demetriou scores only goal of the game in the second half. Yeovil stay 20th, but are only four points clear of the drop zone.
Gareth Southgate's side took an early lead through Mohamed Yattara. But goals from James Ward-Prowse, Nathan Redmond and Jack Grealish turned it round. Cauley Woodrow's deflected shot made it 4-1 at half-time.
Labour MP for Islington South and Finsbury apologises for tweet. Image showed terraced house with three England flags and a white van. UKIP said Ms Thornberry had "sneered" and looked at van with cross of St George.
The Carpenters' Richard Carpenter is suing Universal Music for compensation. He claims the music label has only paid the band a "miniscule fraction" of the money owed. The musician is suing on behalf of his sister, Karen, who died in 1983.
Visit comes after Myanmar opened up to international trade and investment. The delegation includes temporary power company Aggreko and oil and gas firms Wood Group, Asco and Bibby Offshore. Scottish Secretary David Mundell is in Texas to try to boost support for the North Sea oil sector.
Catholic Church has played a key role in the migration crisis in the Dominican Republic. Some priests have been criticised for promoting what activists describe as a policy of division. In many ways, the Haitian migrant crisis has exposed greater divisions within the Catholic Church.
Surrey County Council said it needs to "bridge a £215m funding gap" for 13,000 places. Esher School is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity by 210 places.
Midfielder signed one-month deal at Fratton Park on Monday. Made his debut against Coventry in the League Cup 24 hours later.
Back-row Henderson has a hamstring tear while wing Bowe is recovering from a serious knee injury. Rob Herring (hamstring), Paul Marshall and Alan O'Connor (both illness) are available to face Zebre on Friday. Nick Williams (shoulder), Luke Marshall (ankle) and Ian Humphreys (
The Corn Exchange in Crickhowell has only one national chain - Boots chemist. Last week 200 people attended a protest over the plan.
Blair Alston opened the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time. John Baird netted his 18th of the season shortly after the break. Derek Lyle pulled a goal back with a neat turn and finish. Iain Russell's strike levelled the scores in stoppage time.
Members of his own party, including several state premiers, have called for more to be done for refugees. Mr Abbott has said more Syrian asylum seekers would be let in but has stopped short of boosting overall refugee numbers. Assistant Treasurer Josh Frydenberg on Monday called for temporary housing of Syrian and Iraqi asylum
Almost 30 organisations have signed an open letter seeking urgent meeting. Mr Lochhead said the changes would not affect research. He said he respected the views of those in the scientific community.
St Clare's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham has met with equality leaders. Council is supporting the school to ensure its policies are appropriate. But Muslim Women's Network UK said the school was not at fault.
Alexander Reid repeatedly told DWP staff he was single. But in reality he was living with his wife Kathleen Reid. Reid was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Matthew Daley, 35, killed Donald Lock, 79, on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing. Daley had admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility. Lewes Crown Court heard Daley suffered from chronic mental health problems. Mr Lock's family said the manslaughter verdict brought to a close
Initial estimate showed growth picking up from the first quarter of the year. The ONS said the growth was driven by services, particularly retail. Analysts said the rise in growth was unlikely to change expectations.
Chelsea take on Notts County in the Women's FA Cup final on Saturday. 30,000 tickets have been sold for the game at Wembley. Eniola Aluko has won the FA Cup with Charlton and Birmingham.
Nigel Farage said he was "not particularly in favour of Mr Hamilton's return to the front line" Mr Hamilton replied: "The average UKIP member will be very disappointed at Nigel's ageist remark"
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League. United boss Louis van Gaal said it was his side's best display of the season.
The evidence will be used to develop recommendations for care providers. It is part of the Older People's Commissioner for Wales' review. She said she would highlight good care but also show impact of poor care.
Mr Evans is currently deputy permanent secretary to the Welsh Government. He will succeed Ian Jones in the role from October. S4C's chairman Huw Jones said Mr Evans was a "highly respected leader"
Theresa May dderbyn ceogaeth, wrth siarad o flaen 10 Downing Street, dywedodd fod y wlad yn dod at ei gilydd yn dilyn pleidlais gyffredinol gyda'r San Stef
The project will examine hair, bone and other material from a collection amassed by a Swiss biologist. It will invite submissions from elsewhere. Material claimed to be from such creatures have never been subjected to modern scientific techniques.
Liverpool's Mamadou Sakho tested positive for higenamine in March 2017. The France international has not played for Liverpool since testing positive. Sakho is currently on loan at Crystal Palace from Liverpool.
The Council for Science and Technology (CST) wants "public good" GM varieties to be grown and tested in the UK. It says GM crops should be assessed individually - like pharmaceuticals - taking potential benefits into account. A new UK regulator similar to NICE (the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence)
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk. Post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram.
Gen Yair Golan said he detected trends in Israeli society suggestive of "nauseating processes" that occurred in 1930s Nazi Germany. PM Netanyahu said comments were outrageous, cheapened the Holocaust and caused harm to Israel.
MPs urged ministers to drop plans to cut contribution to £6.1m. Most of S4C's £80m budget comes from the licence fee. Wales Office does not expect the investigation to be completed until 2017.
ScotRail said the Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel would be closed from 20 March until 8 August. Services will divert to low-level platforms or Glasgow Central. The work is part of a £60m upgrade project that will allow faster and longer trains to use the station.
Liverpool owner Al Hasawi would not reveal the identity of the buyers. However, BBC Sport understands that a United States consortium, led by millionaire John Jay Moores, is on the verge of securing a £50m deal. The takeover would see the former San Diego Padres owner take an 80% stake in the Championship
Overall national picture for GCSE grades is very similar to last year. The huge annual challenge for the exam system is to balance a number of competing demands. Northern Ireland's pupils are stretching their lead over everyone else.
IMF's steering committee said the global outlook was fraught because of weak trade. It urged countries to boost public spending and avoid deflation. The IMF last week made its second cut to global growth forecasts this year.
Fox News selected the 10 most popular Republicans based on five national polls. Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum reacted angrily to his omission. Mr Perry tweeted that he was looking forward to being on Fox at 5pm.
Ellis Genge is one of four uncapped players in England's summer squad. The 21-year-old joined Leicester on loan in February, making five appearances. Genge made his Bristol debut in the 2013-14 British and Irish Cup.
Fears over future of DVLA workers raised in Autumn Statement. Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency to switch to direct debit system in 2014. Swansea East AM Mike Hedges welcomed minister's assurances.
The England and Wales Cricket Board made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches. Worcestershire's two Championship matches so far - which have both been draws - have produced eight centuries. Rhodes says better pitches will help sort out the best players.
Facebook has bought more than 200 acres of land in Silicon Valley. The social media company may build a town for workers and locals. No official plans have been drawn up.
Bailey died after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 October. The 16-year-old accused appeared in private at Aberdeen Sheriff Court. He is also charged with having a blade or point on school premises.
Liam Roberts has agreed a new one-year deal with Walsall. The 22-year-old has made one senior appearance for the League One club.
Wa-ays Dhaye, 18, died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked. He was walking home after spending the day at Notting Hill Carnival. Khianni Gordon was jailed for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder. Kaneel Huggins and Antwon Clarke were given 10 and nine-
The spirit of the Paralympic and Olympic Games in London this summer was summed up. It made no difference to sports-mad Britons who bought tickets for whatever event in whatever Games they could lay their hands on.
Kurdish leaders in Iraq are threatening to break away and declare independence. The future as unitary states of both Syria and Iraq is up in the air. Sykes-Picot map was drawn by British and French diplomats in 1916.
Roberts has made more than 40 appearances for Celtic this season. The 19-year-old's 18-month deal ends in the summer. He wants to return to Manchester City to continue his career.
The Premier League paid £174m to agents, up from £130m. Manchester City were biggest spenders (£26.3m) Chelsea (£25.1m) and Manchester United (£19m) England's second tier, the Championship, spent £42.4m on agents.
Gilmartin failed to make a first-team appearance for the Hornets in three years. The former Luton, Barnet and Oldham player found himself as number two to Sam Walker, who played every league game last season.
The Tor Project's website has a section called "Abuse FAQ" It attempts to address the controversial side of Tor use. Tor does not commit crime, Dingledine says, criminals do.
John and Elizabeth Knott were found dead at their home in August. Each had died from a single shotgun wound. A shotgun registered to Mr Knott, 71, was recovered at the scene.
Scotland beat Malta 5-3 in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier. Gordon Strachan's side have a poor record on opening day of qualifiers. Scotland have failed to qualify for all major tournaments since Euro 2000.
James Vaughan opened the scoring for Bury in the 16th minute. Tom Pope doubled their lead on 40 minutes. Stuart Beavon pulled one back for rock-bottom Coventry with a 65th-minute header. Bury are now four points above the bottom four.
In July a small wooden boat, the first "illegal" vessel entry into Australia since June 2014, was spotted off the north-west coast. The government usually refuses to comment on boat turn-backs. Immigration Minister Peter Dutton on Thursday told local media: "There were 46 people on a recent venture that did
Marc Marquez won the Malaysian MotoGP for his fourth victory of the season. The Spaniard started on pole but slipped to fifth place after an early technical issue. Valentino Rossi finished in third with defending champion Jorge Lorenzo in fourth.
Cornish-born Glover was meant to be back with winning partner Heather Stanning, but Glover, 27, won the with Swann last season. Swann replaced Stanning last season after she Glover and Swann won three World Cup events together last season as well as the world title in South Korea.
Lib Dem leader says it is "dispiriting" to see the coalition's "liberal stance" He predicts the EU debate will "devour" Mr Cameron's party.
output rose 9.3% from a year ago, which was up from March's figure of 8.9% but below market forecasts for a 9.5% rise. Fixed-asset investment also weakened in the first four months of 2013.
Microsoft believes its strategy is paying off, and the proof is the XBox Kinect system. The system which turns a player's body into a games controller racked up 8m sales in its first 60 days.
Labour have exceeded all expectations, winning 28 seats in Wales. They gained three seats from the Conservatives, taking their total to 28. This is their best performance in terms of seat share since 2005. The Conservatives also saw their vote share increase across Wales by 6.3%.
Tshibola, 20, came through the Royals' academy system and signed his first professional contract last summer. He made his professional debut against Nottingham Forest in August. Bingham joined Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer and has scored four goals in 20 games for the Stags in all competitions.
Polling booths opened at 07:00 BST in the area's 15 constituencies. Results are expected to be declared after midnight.
13-year-old Joshua Martin was diagnosed with cancer on Christmas Eve. Doctors removed a large primary cancer and five smaller growths. The hashtag #prayforjosh has since gone viral on social media.
The parade got under way in the West End with an increased visible police presence. For the first time, the Red Arrows will fly past the march and a rainbow flag is flying at Parliament. Justine Greening, Secretary of State for International Development, announced she is in a same-sex relationship.
GKN Aerospace in Yeovil, Somerset, makes airframes for Royal Navy helicopters. Leonardo assembles the Wildcat helicopter in the town. GKN said the current arrangement was "no longer sustainable"
Matthew Gillard, 25, pleaded not guilty to charges including kidnapping and false imprisonment. He also denied charges of common assault, assaulting a police officer and driving dangerously. Newtownards Magistrates Court heard that the defendant and the woman were in his car when he began questioning her about who she was seeing.
Rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles (418km) west of the Western Isles. Nato documents report how the UK claimed Rockall in 1955. Government feared it could be used by "hostile agents" to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range.
Sir Peter Blake received Liverpool's Citizen of Honour at a ceremony. The 84-year-old also gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover. He said he treasures "the warmth and good humour of the people of Liverpool"
The 25-year-old joined the Minstermen from Tranmere Rovers on a two-year deal in May. Mooney's first stint in professional football was at Wycombe.
UK introduced Climate Change Act 2008, which obliges governments to deliver an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emission from 1990 levels by 2050. Coalition government has placed high importance on role biomass can play in energy mix. Researchers from Centre for Ecology and Hydrology carried out range of experiments on two bioenergy crops in Lincolnshire
Its new official forecast is for the gap between spending and taxes still to be a deficit of £7bn in 2019-20. Its gloomier projection may be seen as a particular embarrassment for the Tories. Unlike Labour and the Liberal Democrats they are committed to generating a surplus on the overall budget.
Anne Robinson left the BBC One consumer show earlier this month. Raworth's addition comes more than 30 years after her work experience. Ackerley joined the BBC in 2005 and previously worked on Crimewatch Roadshow.
Domenico Scala heads up Fifa's Ad-Hoc Electoral Committee. He is Swiss-Italian, as is Gianni Infantino, one of the five presidential candidates. Scala excused himself from the 2015 elections as he shared nationality with a candidate, Swiss Sepp Blatter. LFA boss Musa Bility
James Warnock, 56, has been convicted of the 'horrifying' killing of Yiannoulla Yianni, 17. She was attacked while home alone in Hampstead, north London, in 1982. The case was one of the Met Police's unsolved murders before DNA evidence. Warnock was arrested
The total expenditure over the two-year period came to £4.3bn. This led to a gross value-added boost to the economy of £8.3 billion. However, spending in London was three times the rest of the UK combined.
Ding scored at least a half-century in every frame he won as he extended his first-session lead from 6-2 to 10-2. Mark Selby maintained his four-frame advantage over qualifier Kyren Wilson to lead 10-6 with a session to play.
Security assistance has been withheld since 2011, when the Gulf state put down mass Shia-led protests. US State Department spokesman said Bahrain had made progress on human rights, including the release of political prisoners. He gave no details about what the security assistance would entail.
The ticket was bought for seven shillings and sixpence. It states the band were supported by local band Ricky Lee and the Hucklebucks. The ticket is being auctioned by Bonhams on 3 July.
Young adults are 'let down by the system that's supposed to support them' Public Accounts Committee found outcomes for care leavers are 'poor' Ofsted rated two-thirds of council care leaver services inadequate or requiring improvement.
Such values are ill-defined and vulnerable to misinterpretation, says head teacher. The Association of Teachers and Lecturers voted to monitor policing of the requirement. Government brought in the requirement after Trojan Horse allegations.
Keith Davies, 56, from Troedyrhiw, has not been seen since Saturday. South Wales Police had appealed for information following his disappearance.
Benedict Cumberbatch used the word 'coloured' to describe black actors. Cumberbatch has apologised and said he was 'devastated to have caused offence' Selma star David Oyelowo said he reached out to Cumberbatch in support.
Government commissioned report and said it would review the law. Independent body which reviews laws in England and Wales made several recommendations to improve the system. These included requiring all decision-makers to put greater weight on the person's wishes and feelings.
BBC reporters look at some of the changes that, for better or worse, changed our finances forever.
Discovery spans adjacent blocks operated separately by the two companies. Flow-tested at a maximum rate of 5,350 barrels per day. GDF Suez has already built up more than 50 licences in the North Sea.
Mercedes are understood to be against supplying Red Bull because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive. Red Bull's relationship with Renault has become untenable in recent months.
Carnival Triumph finally docks in Mobile, Alabama, after more than four days at sea. Many passengers still face a long bus journey to New Orleans or Galveston, Texas. Ship was also the owner of Costa Concordia, the cruise ship that ran aground last year, killing 32 people.
London Irish ran in three tries through Fergus Mulchrone, scrum-half Brendan McKibbin and centre Sean Maitland. Quins and Irish will meet again at the Madejski Stadium on Sunday 1 May. Grenoble reached the last four with a 33-32 win over Connaght. Montpellier will play Newport Gwen
Islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications. The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan. Two main areas have already been deemed suitable for development.
Janet de Vigne's line appears in Slumdog Millionaire. The village does not have a cinema, but will hold the events in a local hotel.
Somerset closed day three on 348-6, an advantage of 203 runs. Trescothick and Trego shared 181 to leave contest in the balance. Middlesex bowled out for 381 to lead by 145.
Department for Education has said it will not comment on the leaks. Birmingham council has released its own report, disagreeing with Mr Clarke.
Opposition MP Luis Florido quipped on Twitter: "The country's reality has hit them in the face" Venezuela faces a severe electricity crisis and shortages are frequent. Oil-rich Venezuela is in the middle of a deep economic crisis.
In Vietnam, medical treatment is mostly subsidised by the state via an insurance system free to civil servants and children. But queues for treatment are long and public hospitals are overcrowded. With growing capitalist sentiment meeting Confucian values, the practice of handing over a cash-filled envelope to secure faster or better service has become
Argentina's minister for the islands announced the case in London. He said the area being drilled was "as much ours as the centre of Buenos Aires" UK Foreign Secretary accused the Argentines of "outrageous bullying" Analysts suggested Argentina would have little joy in the courts.
Mako Vunipola and brother Billy started their careers at Thornbury RFC. They were both junior members at the club on the outskirts of Bristol. Former chairman Roy Black said they were "big lads" when they were younger.
Emma Morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy. She was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living. attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day.
Scarlets lost 64-14 to Racing Metro in the European Champions Cup. The Welsh side have now lost all five of their games this season. Owens believes Racing are the best team in Europe.
The scores were level at the break with Theo Fages and Matty Smith crossing for the visitors and Alex Mellor and Patrick Ah Van going over for Widnes. Saints took the lead when Mark Percival kicked a penalty, after the Vikings had been penalised for offside. That looked to be the winning score, but
Ashley Brace said she was unhappy with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association. Chairman David Francis said the organisation did all it could to help. Association of International Boxing Associations (AIBA) said Brace was ineligible to compete because she had competed in professional kickboxing in the past.
Maria Sharapova beat Roberta Vinci in straight sets in Stuttgart. It was her first match since serving a 15-month ban for doping. The Russian is in possession of WTA ranking points once again.
Novak Djokovic beat Kei Nishikori 6-3 7-5 to win the Japan Open. The Serb has now beaten his Japanese opponent nine times in a row. Djokovic will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics.
Falkirk drew 2-2 with Cowdenbeath in their Championship opener. Botti Bia-Bi and Scott Shepherd scored for the Bairns. Manager Peter Houston is looking for a striker in January.
Francois Hollande says the EU has become too complex and remote. He will tell EU leaders at a meeting in Brussels they must focus on the economy. The three big pro-EU centrist blocs are still on course for a majority. But they have lost seats to parties seeking to curb EU powers.
Net migration rose to 298,000 for the year ending in September 2014. Mr Farage said the only way to control immigration was to leave the EU. Launching UKIP's campaign poster, he said an "honest debate" was needed.
Theresa May said it would be'sheer madness' to give up UK's nuclear deterrent. Home secretary said UK still faced threats from "conventional enemies" Russia and North Korea had shown'renewed beligerence', she said. Renewing Trident would show Britain was 'committed' to
Eric Pickles says weekly bin collections are a 'basic right' But Labour's Hilary Benn says the money would be better spent on elderly care. More than half councils in England collect refuse once a fortnight.
The discoveries were made in Acre state in the western Brazilian Amazon. The function of these mysterious sites is still little understood. It is thought they were used only sporadically, perhaps as ritual gathering places.
A first half dominated by the forwards ended with the hosts taking an 8-4 lead thanks to Carlos Tuimavave's late try. Within a minute of the restart, the French side led when Richie Myler scored after a flowing move from deep. Liam Watts pounced to put the Black and Whites
Two of the songs come from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha. Sir Christopher launched his singing career in the 1990s, with an album of Broadway tunes.
Cardiff City have sacked manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The club are currently bottom of the Championship table. Solskjaer replaced Malky Mackay in January 2014.
Sunderland finished 17th in the Premier League. Manager Sam Allardyce has never been relegated in his career. Black Cats boss plans to discuss transfer targets with owner Ellis Short.
There was no overall winner with 50 per cent after the initial round. The total turnout was 79,829 - 19.73% of the electorate.
Monarch had been at Musselburgh Racecourse's 200th birthday celebrations. She is very rarely seen eating out at public restaurants. 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s.
Stephen Paul Copoc was 20 years old when he died at Hillsborough. His niece Natalie Tennant gave an emotional statement to the inquest. She paid tribute to her brother and said he was a 'joy to all of us'
Lance Corporal Scott Pemberton was convicted of killing Jennifer Laude. He killed her in a hotel room in Olongapo city, north-west of Manila, last year. Pemberton will face between six and 12 years imprisonment. Case has strained ties between the US and the Philippines.
Evidence of suspected match-fixing in elite tennis was revealed this week by a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation. Fleming, 31, and his partner Jonathan Erlich, were beaten 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 in the first round of the Australian Open on Wednesday. The Scot said he had no idea as to the identity of
Private Manning, formerly known as Bradley, was sentenced to 35 years in military prison for leaking a massive trove of classified US documents. After the conviction, she announced the desire to live as a woman. However, the US military prohibits transgender people from serving openly in the military.
David Cameron is to reject claims of a rift with George Osborne. Downing Street says the chancellor still has the PM's full confidence. No 10 insists the two men remain as close as ever.
British number one loses 7-5 6-2 to world number 101 in Seoul. Watson was seeded eighth in the tournament.
Chan Jae, 75, uses Instagram to share pictures he draws by hand for his grandsons. His son Ji Lee, a creative director at Facebook, helped him set up the account. Ji Lee: "This Instagram account really changed my father's life. Since then, he's been making one
Hamilton was 0.107secs slower than Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel. The Mercedes pair will start from the back of the grid for Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix. Hamilton is 29 points adrift of team-mate Rosberg in the drivers' standings.
McClean was released by Nottingham Forest at the end of last season. The midfielder has signed a one year deal with St Johnstone. McClean has been included in Northern Ireland's squad for their opening Euro Under-21 qualifier in Estonia on Thursday.
Disney bought Pixar, Marvel and Lucas Films which owned Star Wars empire. Michael Rosen says Disney can reinvent itself 'like the Royal Family'
Ucas figures show it was the highest number for five years. Students placed through clearing tend to be those who did not get grades. dip in university applications has left universities looking to fill more places than usual.
Phosphorus is an essential element for all life forms. It is only since the 19th century that humans have been systematically using it to boost agricultural production. The mineral can be mined as phosphate ore - but animal excrement is also an important source especially in the developing world. As global incomes rise, demand for
15% of condos in Vancouver aren't being lived in. Average price of detached home in Vancouver is more than $1 million.
Harry Maceachen, from Shrewsbury, was born with a rare disease. His father Simon donated part of his liver after no suitable match was found. Grandmother Alison Price, a former theatre sister, said: "The consultants are very happy with their progress"
Haley McTaggart, 33, admitted getting her charity Alice's Escapes to pay £2,000 for her to go on a trek to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. She sold raffle tickets for a false raffle and never handed over the money. Alice Pyne, 17, of Ulverston,
America Luke Richardson had previously been dismissed by Greater Manchester Police. The 22-year-old admitted six counts of sexual activity with a child. He was also given a sexual harm prevention order and will be on sex offenders' register for life.
Agreement includes guarantee that conductor will be retained on new trains. The dispute led to several days of strikes over the summer. Further industrial action was suspended earlier this month for more talks.
Large whale seen at Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn in Fife. Police Scotland warning boat owners to keep a safe distance.
Panthers close gap on league leaders Devils to four points. Matthew Myers scores twice for Panthers. Joey Martin replies for Devils.
Williams was the first black woman to be named Miss America in 1983. But she resigned after Penthouse magazine published nude photos of her without her consent. Now 52, she has forged a career as an actress, with major roles in Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives.
Decommissioned Type 22 frigates are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour. Bidders had until 23 January to register an interest in the former Devonport-based ships. No proposals to preserve the ships have been submitted, the BBC understands.
The project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to £780m. Islands local authority said major renewable energy projects cannot go ahead without the cable. The interconnector would export electricity to the mainland for distribution.
Mr Gustafsson, 42, is being flown back to Sweden from Africa. He was seized by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb along with two other men. Swedish foreign minister Margot Wallstrm said he was "in good spirits"
Wigan Athletic beat Blackburn Rovers 3-0 in their Championship clash. Goals from Max Power, Yanic Wildschut and Nick Powell sealed the win. Shane Duffy scored an own goal to round off the scoring. Latics' win was their first at the DW Stadium this season. Blackburn are bottom of
Under-15s five times more likely to need hospital care than non-diabetic children. Academics said treating the condition was complex and "poor management" can lead to medical emergencies. The Welsh government is working to improve the situation.
Preston North End take lead through Thomas Lam's volley. Simon Makienok equalises for Nottingham Forest in second half. Nicklas Bendtner had a goal correctly disallowed for offside.
David Vallenilla's 22-year-old son, also called David, was shot by military police on Thursday. The president has said firearms must not be used on protesters. There have been almost daily anti-government protests in Venezuela for over two months.
Boston College has been issued with a subpoena instructing it to hand over the material on 6 May. Dozens of loyalists and republicans provided testimonies to Boston College staff. Details about internal politics and activities of the IRA were revealed on tape.
The tortoise was taken from Lathom Pets and Aquatics in Ormskirk. Owner Catherine Broxholme said four people entered the shop together. She said CCTV footage confirmed a man had taken the 12-month-old pet.
Some of the birds at the undisclosed premises in Lincolnshire have died. Defra said an investigation was "under way to determine the source of the infection" A 1.8 mile (3km) protection zone and a 10km surveillance area have been set up.
More than 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned to Nigeria this year. Many unable to go back to their villages in Borno state for security reasons. UNHCR spokesman Babar Baloch spoke of "chaos" in the returns process. Cameroon has rejected the accusation and said people returned willingly.
Annie Woodland, 24, suffered brain damage in the incident at Gloucester Park Pool in Basildon. A teacher and a pool life guard both failed to realise she was in trouble. The family has successfully sued Essex County Council who said it did not comment on individual cases.
The Gambia international is targeting an appearance in the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. The Gambia's first 2017 Nations Cup qualifier is against South Africa next month. Middlesbrough's Albert Adomah and Yannick Bolasie have represented DR Congo.
UN says media restrictions and violence meant environment was not conducive to free, credible elections. Burundi's presidential election is scheduled for 15 July. The ruling party, the CNDD FDD, won 77 out of 100 seats in parliament.
Savings rates plummeted after the Bank of England slashed its base rate in the financial crisis. Since last autumn, as the economic outlook has worsened, they have fallen again. Tax-free Isas, fixed rate bonds and easy access accounts are all at or near their lowest points.
The distinctive red bridge has carried trains over the Forth since 1890. The award puts it alongside the Pyramids of Egypt and the great Wall of China. There are now more than 1,000 World Heritage Sites across the globe.
Scotland sit fifth in their World Cup qualifying group. Gordon Strachan's side have lost all three of their games so far. The SFA are clinging to the belief that Scotland can garner enough points to force their way into the reckoning. Strachan has been rigid in his thinking and it's done nothing
One hectare of jatropha could capture up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year. Researchers based their estimates on trees currently growing in trial plots in Egypt and Negev desert. Critics say the idea could be have unforeseen, negative impacts including driving up food prices.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said voters had "48 hours to get the Tories out" Former Labour leader Gordon Brown said the SNP stood for "divide and rule" Lib Dems said voters should stick with them and Scottish Tories said a vote for them was for the UK.
Mr Sankara's widow and supporters have accused France of masterminding his killing. He was killed by soldiers in a hail of bullets shortly before a meeting of his cabinet. His assassination led to his second-in-command seizing power in a coup. Burkina Faso opened an investigation into the killing after
More than 50 people were on the bridge when it collapsed late on Thursday. The bridge was reportedly more than 60 years old and was banned from use. Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he was also monitoring the rescue operation.
Only London ranked worse than Scotland's largest cities in the survey. Jams could cost drivers in Scotland £5.1bn in wasted time over the next decade. Edinburgh's 455 traffic hotspots second only to London and likely to cost £2.8bn. Glasgow was ranked third in the same list
John Kane filmed more than 60 women in the Central Retail Park. The 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing outside a Next store. Kane was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing.
Police were alerted by a call made from inside one of the houses. The property was found to have padlocks and chains on the outside. People found inside said they had not had any food or water for three days.
Perth club has suspended Foster and Swanson pending club investigation. Referee Don Robertson sent off both players during the break. Saints confirmed their top six place due to results elsewhere.
Sam Smith has six nominations including best new artist. His single Stay With Me is also up for best pop performance and record of the year.
Eid means: 'festival of the breaking of the fast' and it is one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year. The date Eid falls on is decided by the cycle of the moon, and this year it's on Sunday evening.
A 17-year-old boy was found with stab wounds in Whitmore Reans, Wolverhampton. Several minutes later a second call was made to police when a shotgun was fired twice. Police believe the men, who have now been bailed, were linked to both incidents.
Vikki Thompson, 21, was found dead in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015. She was found with a ligature around her neck. Robert Steele told the hearing he spoke to her on the phone while she was in prison. He said she told him she wanted to move to a women's
Accountant in Bankruptcy (AiB) reported 2,405 insolvencies between April and June. There were 1,144 bankruptcies, which was up 14.7% on the previous quarter. However, AiB said the figures showed a "return to trend"
11 children and two teaching staff were injured in the incident in Nottinghamshire. One of the children, Ben, said the trailer went "really fast down the hill" The acting head teacher of Halam Primary has apologised.
Britain take a 2-1 lead in the Davis Cup final against Belgium. Andy Murray faces David Goffin in the third rubber on Sunday. If Goffin wins, the best-of-five tie will come down to a deciding match. James Ward and Steve Darcis remain options for captain Leon Smith.
IBF/WBA heavyweight title fight takes place at Wembley on April 29. Anthony Joshua is unbeaten in 18 fights since turning professional in 2013. Klitschko, 41, lost his heavyweight title to Tyson Fury in November 2015.
Tens of thousands of pilgrims joined him for the Way of the Cross ceremony. It came a day after almost 150 people were killed in an al-Shabab attack on a Kenyan university. Among the cross bearers were Syrian and Iraqi refugees, and Nigerians who had escaped Boko Haram persecution.
Judge denies media's request for expanded coverage on 30 July. Police not allowing residents of Holmes' apartment building to return. Twenty of the wounded remained in hospital, including six in critical condition.
Swarm first appeared over a week ago near the low-lying eastern city of Santa Cruz. It has spread quickly, destroying pasture and fields of corn and sorghum. The government says fumigation must begin straight away.
Sir Gareth attended a ceremony at Windsor Castle on Thursday. He was named in the Queen's Birthday Honours list in June. The former Wales scrum half won 53 caps for his country.
England defeated Scotland 1-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier at Celtic Park. Gordon Strachan's men are now fifth in Group F. Former Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives his marks out of 10.
Scientists report the observations in the online journal Plos One. They reveal the birds travelling long distances to find alternative sites. Emperor is the most southerly of the Antarctic penguin species. Their reliance on thin seasonal marine floes as a reproductive platform has led to them being designated as "near threatened"
Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago. Arktos is one of two male bears at the park at Kincraig in the Cairngorms National Park. The pair could remain together for about two weeks.
Martin will replace Bruce Anstey in the team, who won last year's race. McGuinness had been on his way to a third straight victory before suffering a technical issue, and eventually finished fourth.
Judge Thokozile Masipa gave Pistorius a five-year jail sentence for culpable homicide. He was driven to Pretoria's Kgosi Mampuru prison where he is expected to be housed in the hospital wing. His defence said it expected him to serve about 10 months, with the remainder
Whale first seen on Thursday morning and seems to be healthy and content. Harbour authorities are liaising with experts in the Northern Ireland Environment Agency. Minke whales are one of the most common in our waters.
Officer Brian Encinia has been fired from his job, the Texas Department of Public Safety said. Ms Bland's death three days after her arrest was ruled a suicide. It sparked national headlines amid a debate about the police use of force.
Shrewsbury hit the woodwork three times in the second half. Ivan Toney hits the bar with a right footed shot from outside the box. Amari'i Bell hits the crossbar with a left footed shot.
Barack Obama's "four more years" tweet has been retweeted 750,000 times. But the One Direction tweet from 2011 is now more popular. Louis Tomlinson said Harry was "always in my heart"
Hopp worked with Paul Schfer, a former Nazi soldier who founded the commune. Residents were indoctrinated and kept as virtual slaves for more than 30 years. He died in a Chilean jail in 2010 at the age of 88.
Cardiff North MP Anna McMorrin paid tribute to her predecessor. Gower Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi didn't mention Byron Davies by name. Ms Antoniazzi used her speech to oppose fracking and urge ministers to sign off Swansea lagoon.
The Republican candidates took it in turn to try to give Donald Trump a bloody nose, a cracked rib, a thick lip and black eye. There was a lot of serious stuff in this sprawling three hour debate. But if you're in a fairground - well you want all the fun of the fair
The George & Dragon at Hudswell, near Richmond, North Yorkshire, won the award. The pub, the village's only community facility, closed in 2008. It reopened in 2010 after residents raised £200,000 to buy the building and land.
Veracruz governor Miguel Angel Yunes Linares made the claims on Monday. He alleged fake medicine had been bought and used in state hospitals. His predecessor Javier Duarte has been on the run from the authorities since October.
Supersymmetry is the theory of subatomic physics known as the Standard Model. Researchers had hoped the LHC would have confirmed the theory by now.
Last week, the club issued an appeal for £25,000 so they could "stay in a solvent position" Gloucester have been without a home for six years after their Meadow Park ground was destroyed by flooding. They have shared with local clubs Forest Green Rovers, Cirencester and most recently Cheltenham Town.
Captain David Seath, 31, fell ill while running the London Marathon. He was taken to hospital but later died of a suspected cardiac arrest. Hundreds of mourners gathered for his funeral in Dunfermline, Fife.
Aodhan Woods was 17 when he was tied up, locked in a cupboard and subjected to several sexual assaults. Now 19, he has waived his right to anonymity as his attackers were jailed. Darren Fu, of Drumart Walk in Belfast, will spend half of his 11-year sentence in jail. His
Jasim Khadijah was a rocket expert who controlled attacks, Col Steve Warren said. Last month a US soldier died and several others were injured when a base used by US troops was shelled by IS.
Big winner was The Fault in Our Stars, which won best movie. Shailene Woodley also picked up best female performance. Bradley Cooper won best male performance for American Sniper.
The 24-year-old summer signing injured himself in training on Friday. He joins Ryan Brunt and Gary Sawyer as long-term absentees.
Radamel Falcao has been named in Chelsea's 25-man Premier League squad. The striker has not played since October due to a thigh injury. Alexandre Pato has replaced Falcao in the squad on a six-month loan.
The dolphin was stranded in shallow waters off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia. Tourists began touching and photographing the animal rather than seeking help. Local NGO says "selfishness" caused the dolphin "suffering and stress"
The men, aged 26 and 24, were in a house in Melrose Street. Three men armed with a knife, hammer and batons forced their way into the property.
Dr Henry McLaughlin believes physical and mental wellbeing can be improved by a daily mountain climb. The idea is that people climb to the top of Slievemartin outside Rostrevor - known locally as the Cairn - take a selfie and then post the picture on the 'Cairnuary' Facebook page
The first Miss Wheelchair India contest was held in Mumbai in late November. The contest was the idea of Sounak Banerjee whose life changed in 2006. He found the absence of people with disabilities in the entertainment industry 'disturbing' Nearly every contestant expressed concern over a lack of sensitivity about disability rights.
Areas in Londonderry Counties, Antrim and Down were affected. An equipment fault was detected at 21.40 BST. All properties have had power restored.
A 64-year-old man was found with critical injuries in south-east London. He was pronounced dead at the scene in Luxfield Road. Police arrested a man on suspicion of murder close to where the victim was found.
The proposed cycle route will link Leith Walk in the east of the city to Roseburn in the west. Plans include reducing four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two. Supporters of the path said it was vital for cutting congestion and would provide a safe route across the city. Residents and shop
Wales saw a trimming of training numbers in 2011/12 compared to the previous year. The Royal College of Midwives said it was the third year in a row in which the number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales was cut.
Baroness Manningham-Buller was head of MI5 between 2002 and 2007. She said the intelligence on Iraq's threat was not "substantial enough" to justify action.
2014 winner Pineau De Re among those to miss out on Aintree race. Lower-rated horses are balloted out, with The Romford Pele occupying the number 40 slot. Many Clouds is 7-1 favourite ahead of 10-1 chance The Last Samuri.
Gavin Boyd writes strongly worded letter to all teachers in Northern Ireland. He says they get better pay than their counterparts in England and Wales. NASUWT has reacted angrily to Mr Boyd's letter, accusing him of 'fake news'
The count is required by law as part of the zoo's licence. Martin visits the zoo to find out how it's done.
387 people were arrested between February 2016 and February 2017, up from 255 the previous year. More than half of cabin crew who responded to a survey said they had witnessed disruptive drunken passenger behaviour. The Home Office is "considering" calls for tougher rules on alcohol.
The 19-year-old suspect may be armed, police say. Reports say the suspect, who is on the run, is a martial arts enthusiast.
Voters should have the option to remain in the EU if they are unhappy with the result of talks, she said. Ms Lucas is the Greens' only MP and the Liberal Democrats have agreed not to contest her Brighton Pavilion seat. She wants to maximise the number of MPs who will support moves for electoral reform
Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust was criticised in March 2015. A re-inspection in April this year found it had made 'positive progress' Safety of patients at high risk of suicide had been deemed inadequate. The trust currently has about 27,000 patients across the county.
Xulhaz Mannan and Tanay Mojumdar were killed in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Mr Mannan worked at the US embassy and was a photographer. Both men were openly gay and believed more Bangladeshis would come out. Homosexuality is technically illegal in Bangladesh and remains a highly sensitive issue
The 33-1 shot won the race in April to become the first novice to win since 1958. The nine-year-old, owned by the Gigginstown House Stud, has twice recovered from a cracked pelvis.
A plane carrying some 300 initial doses of the vaccine was expected to arrive in Monrovia on Friday. Scientists aim to involve 30,000 volunteers in the trial in total, including frontline health workers. If all regulations are met, 10,000 volunteers will be given the GSK vaccine. A matching number will get a placebo, dummy
Adam Mitchell is believed to have been in a pub in Inverness last week. CCTV images show him near a BMW garage at 00:52 on Thursday. Coastguard and police helicopters searched Inverness Harbour and Beauly Firth.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes died peacefully in his sleep on Friday night. It followed a "long courageous battle" with prostate cancer, his family said. He was also known for his roles as Twiggy in TV comedy The Royle Family.
Cancer Research UK said the number of females diagnosed with the disease had climbed 97% since 1975. Although more men still die from lung cancer there has been a 40% drop in the rate among males over the same period. Lung cancer is the most common cancer in Scotland and also the biggest killer of all the cancers
Jamie Taggart, 41, failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area. His rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa. Family and friends have issued an appeal for funds to help cover the cost of the search.
The RAC said the higher prices were due to a combination of rising crude oil prices, and the devaluation of the pound after June's vote. It said these were the biggest monthly increases for three and a half years. The increases mean it now costs £64.20 to fill the 55-litre petrol
Oxford Brookes students could face disciplinary action, says head of community engagement. One resident said he often heard students "screaming"
Talawa Theatre Company are touring Arthur Miller's All My Sons. The production won five star reviews when it was last seen in 2013. Director Michael Buffong tells arts correspondent Tim Masters what makes the play a classic.
Four wards were closed to visitors at Arrowe Park Hospital, Wirral, on Monday before the ban was extended on Thursday. The hospital has asked the public to not visit its A&E department if they have symptoms of the norovirus.
Rahad Hussain, 23, has been charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon, namely acid. He is due to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on 29 August.
SeaFrance's future has been decided after a bailout by the French government was ruled illegal by the European Commission. Hundreds of jobs in France are also expected to be lost. Three ferries were operated by SeaFrance on the Dover to Calais route.
Muslim Brotherhood's political wing calls for broader political representation. On Thursday evening, the king dissolved parliament and called early elections. He has said he wants polls to be held by the end of the year.
Yusuf Rahim Bellfield was jailed for life in 2011 for murdering schoolgirl. Now known as Yusuf Rahim, he believed a 'covert tape' may have been used. His solicitor Julia Cooper has written to Surrey Police to request it. She said Bellfield denies all the crimes for which he has been convicted
Almost 9% of Israelis use cannabis, according to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime. Under the new system, first-time personal users who are caught and confess will be fined. Probation will apply the third time and only a fourth case would lead to criminal charges.
Derek McInnes has guided Aberdeen to successive second-place finishes. The Dons boss lifted the 2014 League Cup with Celtic in November. Aberdeen are 12 points clear of Rangers in second place in the Scottish Premiership.
Romelu Lukaku has been linked with a move away from Everton. The 24-year-old striker turned down a new contract in March. Lukaku scored 25 Premier League goals for the Toffees last season.
Uzbekistan is the most populous Central Asian country and has the largest army. Karimov, who came to power during the Soviet era, has led the country since independence in 1991. During his long rule, President Karimov has built a relatively stable secular regime. Many believe this has been done at the expense
Includes the band's only known recording of the track Sunshine Woman. Session was restored with help from guitarist Jimmy Page. The Complete BBC Sessions will be released in September.
At the start of the 1200s, Welsh was the language of the common people. By the end of the century, daily business was increasingly done in English. One of the main changes through the course of the 13th Century was the difference in the way people paid for things.
She was taken to hospital after the incident at Maghaberry Prison, near Lisburn. Prison Officers Association said she was one of the newer prison officers.
Royal Mail predicts that on what it calls Take-back Tuesday there will be a rise of more than 50% in returns against December's daily average. Clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned.
Mr Hamilton said the real challenge was the absence of political agreement on the future of health and social care. He acknowledged the worries that reform will lead to the closure of facilities.
Melissa Morton, 12, was among 34 pupils aboard a coach that crashed in Belgium. Her father Keith Morton said she had been "very disturbed by it all" The coach was heading to Cologne in Germany for a languages trip.
Dundee move off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership. Cammy Kerr and Craig Wighton score in the second half. Motherwell claim the ball crossed the line but it was not given.
Daly has been training with Dundee United since pre-season. The 32-year-old spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice. Daly says he is looking further afield than Scotland.
Craig Bryson gave the Rams an early lead when he struck from the edge of the area. Thomas Ince curled in a stunning effort to double the lead. Shortly after Bryson hit the crossbar, Darren Bent added a third.
Brent crude hit $50.22 per barrel at one stage on Thursday, its highest level since early November. The rise followed US data showing that oil inventories had fallen after supply disruptions due to fires in Canada. Brent crude has now risen 80% since it hit 13-year lows of below $28 a barrel at the
Pang made a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43sec. A video of his feat in August soon became an internet sensation in China.
Charity warns of danger of some areas having no affordable homes. Right to Buy was first introduced in the 1980s under Margaret Thatcher's government. In this year's Queen's speech the scheme was extended to 1.3m tenants.
Main Russian media outlets are state-owned or controlled by oligarchs. Russia is facing 'information war unleashed against the country'
Aston's Ettington Road fire station was built in 1923. Coventry's Radford Road station, built in 1976, is expensive to run and maintain. A new station at Aston could cost around £7.5m.
A woman got out of the vehicle and an unknown man jumped in. Members of the public managed to stop the car but the man fled on foot. A short time later a man in his 30s was arrested and remains in custody.
Tubbs could make his Eastleigh debut against Kidderminster on Tuesday. The 31-year-old has scored five goals for Portsmouth this season.
European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker calls for binding quotas. Germany, the main destination for many migrants, supports the plan. But some EU countries, such as Czech Republic and Slovakia, oppose it.
Report shows dispute arose between the Cardozas and 1st Land over the money. The £10.25m loan was originally paid to the League Two club for the redevelopment of the new East Stand at Sixfields Stadium. When the company went into administration, it owed Northampton Town £7.3m.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov labelled opponents of President Putin 'enemies of the people' He called for such "traitors" to be prosecuted for subversion, claiming they were working in league with the West. He offered opposition activists the services of a Chechen psychiatric hospital.
Guy Philippe, 48, was arrested after appearing as a guest on a radio show. He was flown to the US to face the long-standing charges. Dozens of his supporters attended the hearing in Miami, demanding his release.
The high cost of living in the south of England is said to be a factor affecting recruitment. Nurses will be offered accommodation at Wexham Park Hospital in Slough, Frimley Park near Camberley and Heatherwood Hospital in Ascot.
Those arrested include two builders, police officers and municipality officials. Police say the builders were arrested for allegedly paying bribes. Building collapses are common in India, with poor construction practices often blamed.
Real Madrid striker appeared before a judge in Versailles after being held in custody overnight. His lawyer says he played "no part" in an alleged attempt to extort money from fellow French international Mathieu Valbuena. The two men reportedly had an exchange during a national team training session. Mr Benzema mentioned the
The 22-year-old leaves first professional club Wigan Athletic after four years. Dingwall boss Jim McIntyre described Chow as "a box-to-box midfielder with great athleticism"
Tom Fox has been chief commercial officer at Arsenal since 2009. Paul Faulkner left Aston Villa Park in July. Randy Lerner put the club up for sale in May but has not found a buyer.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 14 runs in County Championship match. James Anderson takes four wickets as visitors are all out for 168 in their second innings. Lancashire go above Hampshire and Yorkshire to second in Division One.
Eighty outdoor swims are being held over the 2015 season. Most take place on Christmas or Boxing Day. Safety advice has been issued by the Outdoor Swimming Society.
Cao Lei, Chen Xiexia and Liu Chunhong won gold in 2008. They were among eight athletes sanctioned for doping. The IOC is retesting hundreds of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympics.
East Kilbride has the highest rate of all Scottish towns, at 33%. Inverurie has the lowest, at 1%. Leisure businesses account for 39% of total stock in Edinburgh and Glasgow.
Jean-Claude Juncker said the UK may want to be more "obliging" to certain countries. The EU is keen to maintain a united front and conduct central negotiations. Emmanuel Macron says the UK should not be punished for voting to leave the EU.
Athens' benchmark ATG index, which fell 5.9% on Friday, was down 5% in trading on Monday. A European Commission spokesman said while progress was made at Sunday's talks "significant gaps" remained. Greece must repay more than 1.5bn of loans to the IMF at the end of the
The pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit (VC) has organised 14 strikes since April 2014. Short and medium-haul flights from Germany will be affected from 00:01 to 23:59 local time (23:01-22:59 GMT) Lufthansa said the union had "consistently rejected the offer" of mediation.
Glastonbury Festival 2014 admitted the single charge against it. The leak happened at the Worthy Farm site in Somerset in June 2014. It damaged water quality and killed fish. Founder Michael Eavis said the sewage was in a £100,000 slurry tank.
The IFS said that over the next four years the UK is planning the largest fiscal consolidation out of 32 advanced economies. But the report is optimistic about UK growth, estimating zero inflation and 3% growth this year.
Valdes has made eight appearances for Liege since joining in January. The 34-year-old helped them win the Belgian Cup final in March. Valdes' current contract with United will expire this summer.
Warren Gatland has named a 41-man squad for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand. The squad met in the Vale of Glamorgan to start preparing for next month's daunting tour. Gatland and his backroom staff have been putting the players who are available through their paces through their
In a Commons motion, he will call for a 'new political consensus' on education policy. Mr Hunt is understood to want a more 'constructive' approach to opposition after Labour's general election defeat.
Caterpillar has operations in Larne, Newtownabbey and west Belfast. The firm has been hit by a global downturn in mining and oil exploration. It has already axed thousands of jobs worldwide since last year.
IoD report says UK is lagging behind many European nations when installing fibre optic cables. It is calling for faster broadband access for homes and business. Government spokesperson said 95% of UK homes can get "superfast" broadband.
Fire, police and coastguard teams called to Butley Creek near Orford, Suffolk. The "body" turned out to be a work of art called A Thousand Tides. Artist Laurence Edwards said it had "stayed on the surface longer than it should"
Adrian Simut, 35, thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl called Sam. But he was confronted by so-called "paedophile hunters" and arrested. He admitted attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity.
Harry White puts Solihull Moors ahead after nine minutes. Daniel Udoh is sent off with five minutes remaining.
Germany and Canada have pledged to double the number of refugees. The US has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year. Nine million people have been displaced by the six-year conflict in Syria.
David Laws, 49, lost his Yeovil seat in May's general election. He will serve as executive chairman of Centre Forum, a liberal policy think-tank. Despite the loss, he remains optimistic of the seat being recaptured by his party.
One skeleton was found earlier this week, but now nine graves have been uncovered. The remains are in the process of being exhumed from underneath the area previously used as the venue's mini conference room. They are thought to be from a Quaker burial ground that existed before the Royal Pavilion Estate was built
Dywedodd Heddlu Gogledd Cymru fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd.
Only 13 people have applied for flood funding scheme. MP for York Central said she had received complaints about the process. City of York Council said 360 homes were eligible for the grant.
Sarah Johnson was one of 21 women injured in a minibus crash. Her friend Bethany Jones, 18, was killed in the crash on the M62. Ms Johnson said the crash had made her realise how lucky she had been. She said the help she received from a charity while in hospital led her to want
The detentions come less than a week before a visit to Cuba by Pope Francis. Most of the activists were members of the dissident group Ladies in White. Cuba says the protesters are financed by right-wing American groups.
UK sales increased by 5.3% to almost 519,000 - the strongest month since 1999. March is typically the biggest month, accounting for about a fifth of the year's car registrations. Vauxhall Corsa remained the most popular new car in Scotland.
Six incidents have been reported to police between 3 and 13 February. In all the cases, two or three men have targeted foreign national tourists. The men claimed to be police officers before demanding to search the victims.
Thousands of activists protested against CETA and TTIP in Germany. Activists fear that the deals could water down European standards. There is also great anxiety about proposed special courts.
Steven Ward made 24 galleons from chocolate, with Maltesers doubling as replica cannon balls. The ships will be paraded through the dining hall of HMS Nelson in Portsmouth at the Trafalgar Day dinner.
Patrick Ewing, 66, collapsed at his home in Oakham, Rutland. Paramedics used a defibrillator to shock him to restore his heart rhythm. Only about 8% of patients survive a cardiac arrest outside hospital.
Enniskillen's Holly Nixon finishes fifth in women's quadruple sculls.
Two witnesses allege complaints were made to staff at the charity's Urban Academy. Kids Company provides educational support to over-16s with "complex emotional or behavioural needs" Charity's chairman, Alan Yentob, said: "There is no evidence that we were informed about a sexual abuse case" Former client
Eight-year-old Garfield makes the trip to Sainsbury's in Ely on a daily basis. Owner David Willers posted a message asking shoppers to lay off the treats. Vets found Garfield, who weighs 6.6kg (one stone), was overweight.
Ryan Leonard forced Bradford goalkeeper Ben Williams into a fine save with a fierce effort from long-range. Tyrone Barnett volleyed against the crossbar for the hosts.
The Democratic Alliance took control of Tshwane in local elections last month. The ANC lost control of the capital for the first time since 1994. It bought 10 new BMW 3 series vehicles for members of the mayoral council.
There had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme.
The man, named by state media as Ji Zhongxing, 34, was injured and taken to hospital. No-one else was hurt in the blast, which filled part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke. An online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at his ill-treatment
tanker hit central reservation halfway between junction 32 for Coryton and junction 33, Cardiff West. Westbound carriageway was closed from junction 30, Cardiff Gate, and one lane was also closed eastbound. One person has been taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant.
Jean-Marc Bosman won the landmark Bosman ruling 20 years ago on Tuesday. It allowed players at the end of their contracts to move without a transfer fee. Bosman has become a spokesman for Fifpro's campaign to scrap transfer fees entirely.
Centre will be used to research ways to improve responses to weather-related emergencies such as flooding. Initially the facility will have up to six staff.
Legoland said it had spent more than £10,000 developing alternative routes. Council said signs had been altered recently to prevent traffic through centre. One visitor told the BBC his family queued for more than two hours.
The privately-run home was served with a formal improvement notice. It was given until next month to make changes. Seven areas of concern were listed after an inspection.
The 22-year-old told his 3.6 million subscribers, as well as his followers on Twitter, in a six-minute video. "2014 is truly the year that I have accepted who I am and become happy with that person," he said. Connor said he'd struggled with his sexuality since he was
Thieves broke into the house in Intake, Doncaster on Thursday. In the letter, Paris Mulholland tells the burglars "how much they hurt me" Cash, jewellery and other items were taken in the robbery.
A second 16-year-old boy was arrested at the scene on suspicion of affray. He was treated in hospital for a minor wound before being taken into custody. Police recovered two knives from the scene in Bromley, south east London.
Drogba, 39, has not played since leaving Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact in November. He will start out as a player but has also joined Phoenix's "MLS expansion franchise ownership group" "To own a team and be a player at the same time is unusual but it's going to
Cesc Fabregas has completed his transfer from Barcelona to Chelsea. Arsenal had the first option to sign him but did not take it. Fabregas said he had "unfinished business" in the Premier League.
Tom Stilwell fell from his neighbour's balcony in his apartment block in Auckland. He was trying to lower himself onto his balcony, which was directly below. His friends said that he had bone fractures and internal injuries, but was "fine" and "a very lucky man"
Jessica Ennis-Hill won silver in the heptathlon at the Rio Olympics. The 30-year-old hinted at retirement after narrowly losing to Nafissatou Thiam. Her coach Andy Minichiello said she should "take two or three months and work out exactly what you do want to do
Prince Oniangue scored for Wolves with a half-volley in the second half. Lucas Akins had a first-half penalty saved by Wolves keeper Carl Ikeme. Miller turned in Lloyd Dyer's cross in the fourth minute of added time.
Three balaclava-wearing men stole cash, jewellery and a mobile phone. The 28-year-old's daughter, nine, was also threatened by a member of the gang. Police are appealing for anyone with information to contact them.
Kelso, Galashiels, Peebles, Hawick, Selkirk and Eyemouth saw increases. Numbers fell in Duns and Jedburgh but rose sharply in Melrose. Survey has been carried out across the region since 2007.
Bhutan was almost completely cut off for centuries. It has tried to let in some aspects of the outside world while fiercely guarding its ancient traditions. The Wangchuck hereditary monarchy has wielded power since 1907.
Shelley Kerr will take over from Finland-bound Anna Signeul in June. Grant believes Kerr can take Scotland to greater success. Kerr became the first-ever female head coach in senior British football.
Janet Yellen said the economic outlook was "highly uncertain" The president-elect has promised policies to boost growth through tax cuts, spending and deregulation. Ms Yellen said it was wrong to speculate on Mr Trump's economic strategy.
Minor injury accident departments could close at other locations under plans. Health board predicts a financial shortfall of £64.6m this year. It said it was clear that it could not afford to stand still.
The Cameroon international is Stoke's fourth signing of the summer. Choupo-Moting played in the Champions League with Schalke. Stoke open their Premier League season at Everton on Saturday.
Crawley midfielder Billy Clifford put a shot across the face of the goal early on. Blackpool winger Danny Philliskirk threatened when his header was saved by goalkeeper Glenn Morris. Armand Gnanduillet (Blackpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
The vote was 38-17 in favour of the bill in the Senedd on Tuesday. First Minister Carwyn Jones said the bill should be seen as "another step on what is a long journey of devolution" But he said there was "a need for improvement" in areas such as air passenger duty.
Egyptians use Facebook, Twitter, SMS and phones to organise and socialise. 'The internet gave us our backbone but it is not because of Facebook,' says MaLek X.
Turnout for the by-election was 34.4%, with 4,006 votes cast out of an electorate of 11,638. Corri Wilson was elected as SNP MP for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock earlier this year.
An Italian court has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven experts. They had been given six-year sentences for their role in the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake. Prosecutors said the experts had given false information to residents.
U.S. experts found B3, also known as nicotinamide, boosts the ability of immune cells to kill bacteria.
The young people went missing a number of times over a 20-month period. The Police Service of Northern Ireland said it has recently made policy changes.
Train to Busan is South Korea's first home-grown zombie offering. It has already achieved local box office success, taking a record $5.76m. Horror fans have praised the film's uniquely South Korean take on the genre.
Kenyan authorities deported the 60-year-old star and three of his dancers on Saturday. Olomide has denied assault, though he has since apologised for his behaviour. The Congolese musician has been in similar trouble in the past.
Wayne Maycock, Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were last seen on Sunday. Avon and Somerset Police has appealed for anyone who sees them to make contact. HMP Leyhill is the only minimum-security prison in the South West.
Brendan Rodgers has signed a 12-month rolling contract at Celtic. The 43-year-old replaces Ronny Deila, who left at the end of the season. Rodgers left Liverpool in October after three years in charge.
Kanye West said students would be keen for him to create "a minimalist apartment" Ikea has so far declined to comment on a possible tie-in with West. The star's interview with Annie Mac also covered his headline set at Glastonbury.
Edinburgh Airport said there was "congestion" as passengers had to be checked in manually. Flights were also delayed as passengers did not know which gates to go to. BAA said the problem had been caused by a hardware fault.
The incident happened in Holywood, County Down, on Saturday. The 14-year-old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment. He was later discharged from hospital and is recovering at home.
Commission will include representatives from different political parties and religious organisations. It will submit its findings next month. Sectarian clashes in Rakhine state began in late May.
Study of 712 Italian-American mafia members in the 1960s. Found their income had risen by 7.5-8.5% per extra year of education. Those involved in complex crimes saw three times the boost of those who committed violent crimes.
Wigan have paid "in excess of £200,000" for Tomkins. The 26-year-old will return for the 2016 Super League season. "It really was a no-brainer for me," Tomkins said.
Fabrice Bregier said Airbus was committed to its 16,000 employees in the UK. He added Airbus had no plans to relocate its British factories. Airbus has said in the past that a "Brexit" might change its plans.
Kepler-452b orbits a very similar distance from its star, though its radius is 60% larger. Mission scientists said they believed it was the most Earth-like planet yet. Such worlds are of interest to astronomers because they might be small and cool enough to host liquid water on their surface.
Thomas Sargent was on his Yamaha Fazer motorbike on Bolton Road, Withnell. He was airlifted to the Royal Preston Hospital, where he later died. His family described him as a "quiet, enthusiastic, caring and loving man"
The 37-year-old made 64 appearances for his country, including three at the 2006 World Cup. Boruc has been mainly used as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny in recent years.
The buildings will be built in the Chinese city of Nanjing. The taller one will be home to a museum, offices and an architecture school. They are the first of their kind in Asia, but will join two other buildings like them from Italy and Switzerland.
Tom Daley finished last in the men's 10m platform final. The 2012 bronze medallist needed 102 points from his closing dive to reach the final in Rio. China's Chen Aisen claimed his second gold of the Games by winning the final later on Saturday.
Calum Chambers opened the scoring for the Premier League side. Sam Vokes headed the Championship side level shortly after half-time. Alex Iwobi's late interception denied Andre Gray a winner.
Nama sold its entire Northern Ireland portfolio to a US investment fund in 2014. Comptroller and Auditor General will say failings in the sales process could have resulted in 'hundreds of millions of euro' not being realised Controversy has centred on the role of businessman Frank Cushnahan. He was due to be paid
Medway Council Twitter account taken over by citizens of Medway. Council apologises for any offence caused by the breach.
Amara arrived in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight ago. He was turned down by two landlords - one by letter. Amara says it is wrong to assume all people from Sierra Leone carry the disease.
The BBC's News at Ten will be 45-minutes long from Monday to Thursday. The move follows a five-month trial in the run-up to the General Election. ITV's Tom Bradby has questioned the BBC scheduling its main news at 10pm.
Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill became the third boss sacked in eight months on Monday. "It appears that coaches are a lot more vulnerable than they had been," said RCA founder and director Richard Moon.
Leicester have won both of their games under Craig Shakespeare. The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday and are fifth in the Premier League. Shakespeare was Nigel Pearson's assistant at the club for two years.
Jo Deering, 52, was sectioned under Mental Health Act months before her death. Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust admitted it could have done better. Ms Deering's sister, Maureen Rickman, said the trust's findings "deserved to be binned"
Firm will resume in-house domestic vinyl production at a Japanese factory by March 2018. Move comes amid renewed demand for old-fashioned black plastic records. At one time, the format had been expected to disappear after the rise of CDs, digital downloads and streaming.
Victoria mated with a male bear earlier this year. To protect her from being disturbed if she is pregnant, she has been taken "off show"
Seven organisations have issued joint advice on vitamin D. The nutrient keeps bones strong and protects against conditions like osteoporosis. It is thought fears about skin cancer have made people too cautious about being in the sun.
Radical preachers will be banned from posting material online. Anyone with convictions for extremist activity will be barred from working with children. Deradicalisation classes will be made mandatory for others deemed a threat. But Muslim leaders warned the strategy "continues down a flawed path"
Charity Action Duchenne said a new facility could improve quality of life. Wales was the only country in the UK to screen newborn children for the condition. The Welsh government said the test was no longer reliable.
Linton Bridge, over the River Wharfe in West Yorkshire, was damaged in the Christmas floods. Emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge remains at risk of collapse. Work, which will cost £4.5m, is to start in July to put in place a river platform.
The three judges scored the 12-round bout 115-112 to Burns, 115-113 to Beltran and 114-114. Brave Burns was constantly pushed back and landed heavily on occasion. Burns's wife had given birth to their first child nine days ago.
At least five people have been killed and foreign shops looted in attacks since last week. Zulu king has been accused of fuelling the violence - charges he denies. Locals accuse foreigners of taking their jobs in a country where the official unemployment rate is 24%.
Man fell from a building in Radford area of Nottingham on Friday evening. Witness said he survived the first fall before running to another flat. Police are not treating the death of the man in his mid-30s as suspicious.
Eurosceptic Tories fear the rules are being amended to allow the government to campaign openly to stay in the EU. But ministers say it is needed to allow them to continue their work.
Michael Gunn will receive his pension payment on Tuesday morning. He wants to spend some of it on a new church hall roof in the village of Poppleford. But later in the year he is planning to take his wife on a transatlantic cruise.
The 'crannog's' timbers survived and carbon dating said they were built on Jordan Way, Monmouth, 2,917 years BC. A slab of timber was discovered when the estate was constructed in 2003.
Police called to incident near Raglan Services at about 11:30 BST. A patient was taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary, ambulance service said. Road was closed in both directions for about four hours.
Taxpayers' Alliance said some of the figures were concerning. The pay bill for NHS directors has risen by 22% in two years. Another 534 employees of quangos were also on six-figure salaries.
On July 1, 1916, British soldiers started fighting in the Battle of the Somme. The people in charge said that the battle had to happen to win the war. By the time it was over, more than a million soldiers on both sides had died. Martin has been to the trenches in northern France to
Jean-Claude Juncker said UK imposed no migration controls in 2004. But he said new proposals would "address the consequences" of that. Eurosceptics say it is ineffectual and could make the situation worse. UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the plan was a "handbrake turn"
Chay Roberts-Jones was a teacher at Blundells School in Tiverton, Devon. He sexually assaulted a girl under the guise of giving her a sports massage. The 29-year-old was cleared of sexually assaulting two other girls at a summer ball and a camping trip by a jury in February
The victim is in a stable condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital. A 15-year-old boy from Hove was held on suspicion of attempted murder and causing GBH with intent.
Frontrunners Donald Trump and Ben Carson, with no political experience, were under attack from the start. Ohio Governor John Kasich condemned their "fantasy tax plans" Texas Senator Ted Cruz got the night's biggest applause when he attacked the hosts, CNBC for stirring confrontation. The hostility against CNBC continued after the debate
Tanveer Iqbal's body was found in his Renault Clio in Edgbaston. The 33-year-old had not been seen since closing his music shop. His death is being treated as suspicious and a post-mortem will be carried out.
Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg says the offensive put the peace agreement at risk. He urged Russia to "use all its influence on the separatists to make them respect the ceasefire" Eyewitnesses saw dozens of tanks and columns of weary Ukrainian troops retreating from Debaltseve.
Revolution Radio outsold its nearest competitor, Barry Gibb's In The Now. James Arthur holds on to the number one spot for the third week in a row. Bruno Mars was the highest new entry 24K Magic.
The 44-year-old had been in charge at Rugby Park since February 2016. He kept Killie in the Premiership last season and leaves them in sixth place. Chris Brass, 41, had been announced in December as head coach at Bury.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses US-based cleric Fetullah Gulen of being behind the coup attempt. Mr Gulen denies any involvement. The latest soldiers to be dismissed include Mr Erdogan's chief military adviser.
Local Government Association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings. Staff are also working closely with tenants to review and offer fire safety advice. Police say at least 30 people died as a result of the west London blaze.
Barry-born Mike Young, now 70, has spent most of his life in animation. His latest production is an animated feature film about a polar bear. Young's next project is a film about Cardiff City legend Robin Friday.
The vehicle overturned on the road between Mecca and Medina. There were 44 Egyptian pilgrims on board the bus when it crashed.
67-year-old was fearful of returning to Gateshead home after attack in January. Online fundraising campaign attracted donations of more than £330,000. But Mr Barnes, whose collarbone was broken, said he was not yet ready to meet his attacker.
Dustin Johnson withdrew from the Open Championship on the first tee. The American had been due to take part after warming up on the range. Johnson fell down the stairs at his rental home on Wednesday.
Reuben Reid scored the only goal of the game in the fifth minute. Reid tapped in a rebound after David Forde saved his penalty. Liam McAlinden missed a golden chance for Exeter shortly after half-time.
Rolls-Royce employs about 13,000 people in Derby. Union fears government grants could be turned into loans. Government says it wants the UK to be the best place in Europe to innovate.
Islamic State group claim responsibility for murder of Italian aid worker. The two-Test series was due to begin in Chittagong on Friday, 9 October. Pakistan Cricket Board: "We've had 50,000 people killed in Pakistan" England are due to tour Bangladesh in October and November 2016.
Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that can cause a fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems. Experts puzzled why the birds themselves do not appear to become ill. Research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth.
Plane struck less than an hour after take-off from Manchester Airport. Thomson Airways spokeswoman said it was an "extremely rare" event. Flight later landed safely in Agadir, Morocco.
520-million-year-old fossil shows signs of a nervous system similar to that of living animals. The ancestors of spiders and scorpions were related, but branched off more than half-a-billion years ago.
Victoria Gayle, 31, appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court on Monday. She was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body. Ms Gayle was also charged with perverting the course of justice.
The A344 next to Stonehenge was shut in June to "restore the dignity" of the stone circle. Residents of villages including Shrewton and Orcheston say their lanes have become "rat runs" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303.
Karam Chand and his wife Kartari were married in a typical Sikh ceremony in 1925. They have eight children, 27 grandchildren and 23 great grandchildren. Mr Chand said there was no real secret to living a long married life.
Alex Caddis is out of contract with Birmingham at the end of the season. The Scotland international is available on a free transfer. But the club are willing to allow him to leave on a loan deal.
Australia in command after two days of second Test at Lord's. England recovered from 30-4 to reach 85-4 after Australia declared on 566-8.
Norway's Edd Boasson Hagen won the 17th stage of the Tour de France. Frenchman Thomas Voeckler ended an eighth day in yellow, but conceded 27 seconds to his main rivals. Australian Cadel Evans is his nearest challenger - one minute 18 seconds behind with four stages to go.
Police confirm paint was thrown over doors and windows at Crumlin Orange Hall. South Antrim MLA Thomas Burns condemned the attack which he said was 'pointless'
The third death was announced on Monday and five are critically ill in hospital. Video footage shows the modified pick-up with outsized tyres driving over a row of cars as part of the show. A boy, a man and a woman died. Besides the five critically injured there are another 18 with lesser injuries
Labour pollster Deborah Mattinson said her research was not included in report. She said it was a 'whitewash and a massive missed opportunity' Labour said the Beckett report had 'consulted far and wide'
Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service employs about 700 people. It may also lose 50-60 on-call firefighters as part of the savings plan. The number of full-time crewed stations was reduced to four in a previous round. A public consultation on Suffolk County Council's plans will now take place.
FBI boss James Comey said plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations. Lives could depend on police forces continuing to get access to the data on devices used by criminals and terrorists, he said. Comments came in reaction to a decision by Apple to enable a file encryption system on its iOS 8 software
Schmidt is believed to have close relations with US President Barack Obama. He warned of the risk of terrorists using the new technology.
Tests taken in 2011 by 900,000 pupils in over 60 countries. Northern Ireland is Europe's top performing education system. England has slipped in science, but is top 10 for primary and secondary maths. Top places in this global education league table have been taken by Singapore, Hong Kong and South Korea.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters after a third round of 73. The 22-year-old is bidding to become the first man to win back-to-back majors since Tiger Woods in 2001. Northern Irishman Rory McIlroy ended the day five back after a 77.
There is no legal requirement for Parliamentary approval for military action. Ministers say they would not proceed without a Commons vote. But they believe they have the authority, under international law, to intervene.
Norah Boyle, 85, suffered a head injury as Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma put her to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton. The workers delayed calling 999 and pretended Mrs Boyle knocked her head on the head board. They must do 160 hours' unpaid work and pay £500
Of 72 NHS hospital trusts, the average rate for babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome was 0.2%. It is caused by women taking legal and illegal drugs while pregnant. Health experts say it is a declining trend.
One answer said the moon is 225 miles away from the earth, not 238,900. Another said Stonehenge is in Somerset, not Wiltshire. Manufacturers Paul Lamond Games said they "unreservedly apologise"
1,500 officers have been deployed to the Olympic Stadium area. Last year, a friendly between Germany and the Netherlands in Hannover was called off. Some 72,000 people are expected to attend Saturday's match in Berlin.
The first animal to reveal its UV sensitivity was the reindeer. The flashes, or coronas, occur when charge builds up in a cable. Almost 40 mammal species were found to be UV-sensitive.
Imax's China profits jumped nearly 30% last year, according to the filing. It has been rapidly expanding in the Greater China region. Box office revenue in the world's second largest economy jumped 36% last year.
Alesha O'Connor, Rhodri Miller, Corey Price, and Margaret Challis were killed. The Aberdare inquest heard Rhodri was driving the teenagers in one car. Coroner concluded all four died as a result of a road traffic accident.
The basic model of Maserati GranCabrio can cost up to £100,000 new. Police impounded the car in Kingston on suspicion of having no insurance. Owner, who has not been named, will be summoned to court if found guilty.
Cincinnati Reds' Scooter Gennett hit four home runs in game against the St Louis Cardinals. Gennett is the first Reds player to achieve the feat. No player has ever hit more than four in a game.
Mark Gilmore was suspended in June 2014 by the county's police and crime commissioner. PCC Mark Burns-Williamson said prosecutors had concluded there was no criminal case for the chief constable to answer. However, Mr Gilmore will not return to his post immediately.
Andy Murray beats Taro Daniel 6-1 6-3 6-1 in his first match since becoming a father last month. World number six Kei Nishikori brings the visitors level with a 6-3 7-5 7-6 (7-3) win over Dan Evans in Birmingham. Victory in the best-of-five first-round tie will secure a quarter
John Kerry is the first American Secretary of State to visit Mogadishu. He met Somalia's president under tight security at the airport. The US backs the Somali government in its fight against al-Shabab.
Footballer says his "wonderful wife and soul mate" Rebecca Ellison died on Friday night. Ms Ellison, 34, who married Ferdinand in 2009, had breast cancer. She leaves behind three children, Lorenz, nine, Tate, six, and four-year-old Tia.
Elizabeth Timar, 18, was last seen near Blackpool Sands on Monday. Devon and Cornwall Police have carried out a major air and sea search.
Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock, 79. Lewes Crown Court heard he had an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness. Mr Lock, a retired solicitor, was stabbed after crashing into the back of Mr Daley's car.
Graham Westley has left Peterborough United by mutual consent. The Posh have lost four of their last five matches in all competitions. Grant McCann will take charge for the final two games of the season.
Network will see up to 21 US-style local TV stations in areas including Belfast, Edinburgh, Cardiff and London. Service will be available to all terrestrial viewers and may also be offered on satellite, cable and online.
RAF pilot radioed for assistance while returning to RAF Leeming. The Hawk jet was promptly joined by another aircraft from the same squadron. They then flew in formation and landed safely.
New Healthway is aimed at 11 and 12 year-olds. Academics have urged the government to exercise greater control. Authorities say schools should monitor content.
Shakrun Islam, 30, is due before Bristol Crown Court on Friday. The victim, Kyle Clarke, died at the scene from his injuries.
Vale of Rheidol line no longer carries lead ore from mines, as it did between 1902 and the 1930s. But it does carry tourists from seaside town of Aberystwyth to nearby Devil's Bridge. Its workshop restores locomotives for museums and railways across the UK.
Russia banned from international competition after Wada accused it of state-sponsored doping. Athletics chiefs meet on Friday to decide whether to lift the ban. Report details lengths athletes went to to avoid tests and fool officers.
The following are some of the top stories featured on CNN.com this week.
Joao Santana was widely seen as the architect of Ms Rousseff's 2010 and 2014 election victories. He has denied receiving bribes in a scheme to divert funds from the state-run oil company Petrobras. About 50 Brazilian politicians, including the leader of the lower house of Congress, are under investigation
The appeal is part of an effort to track down individuals involved in illegal fishing, logging and wildlife trafficking. This is the first time that individuals have been targeted. The trade in wildlife crime is said to be worth around $213bn per annum.
Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index fell to 47 in September, below forecasts of 47.5 and down from 47.3 in August. Shanghai Composite dropped 2.2% to 3,115.89 on the disappointing data. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index closed down 2.3% at 21,302.91.
Jono Gibbes is currently forwards coach at Clermont Auvergne. He previously held a similar position at Leinster. Gibbes will work under director of rugby Les Kiss.
Kezia Dugdale said Scotland could not be a "fairer, more prosperous country" Jeremy Corbyn pledged future Labour government would repeal the Trade Union Bill. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will make a speech to delegates on Sunday.
Lomond Mountain Rescue Team located two others on the lower slopes. Forecasters were predicting winds of up to 80mph with frequent snow showers.
Deal was cleared by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. About a quarter of Syngenta's sales are in North America. Competition authorities elsewhere are expected to give the deal the go-ahead.
Uzbek national Rakhmat Akilov, 39, is in police custody in Stockholm. Has yet to be identified by police, who have said he is a 39-year-old national. Was told in February he had four weeks to leave Sweden, but did not. Also claimed he had lost his
Sam Baldock headed Brighton and Hove Albion into the lead after 16 minutes. Helder Costa came closest to equalising just before the break. Brighton held on for victory and eighth clean sheet in 13 games.
32-year-old Pidgeley has made 260 appearances for nine clubs. Forest Green are currently second in the National League.
Ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage is the party's "biggest asset" and should be "engaged again" Mr Banks criticised UKIP's tactics in the Stoke Central by-election. He said the party had wrongly adopted a "red UKIP" strategy. Mr Farage quit as UKIP leader after the EU
Celtic remain favourites to win the Scottish Premiership. Dundee United are struggling at the bottom of the table.
Venezuela introduced price controls for food and hygiene products in 2003. But lately, in the midst of a cash crisis, price controls have become a headache. A recent poll says shortages and inflation have replaced security as the biggest worry. President Nicolas Maduro says shortages are caused by US-backed groups.
Driver taken to Bath's Royal United Hospital for treatment to injuries. Nobody was inside the Rising Sun pub at the time of the crash. The road was closed for several hours but has since reopened.
Davis has made 14 appearances for the Cod Army since joining on loan in October. The 22-year-old signed for Leicester from Port Vale in 2014, but did not feature for the first team.
Grabarz cleared 2.33m to finish second behind Italian Gianmarco Tamberi. Asha Philip was fifth in the women's 60m but Dina Asher-Smith suffered a minor hamstring injury. Lynsey Sharp and Adelle Tracey both failed to reach the 800m final.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 2-1 in the Scottish Cup final at Hampden Park. Jonny Hayes had given the Dons the lead after nine minutes. But Stuart Armstrong and Tom Rogic scored in the second half. Celtic become the first side in Scotland to complete an unbeaten treble.
Kettings spent three months on loan at Bromley last season. The 23-year-old failed to make an appearance for Crystal Palace.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is accused of masterminding the attacks. The others are implicated for providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking. In May, a chaotic hearing in the case lasted 13 hours.
Beyonce is up for the main prize, album of the year, for her visual album, Lemonade. Her single Formation is also up for song and record of year. Adele previously won the ceremony's top three prizes in 2012. Kanye West receives eight nominations for his album The Life Of Pablo.
David Cameron said a stadium would "inspire young people, bring jobs and wealth" Labour said it was a "cynical" attempt to distract voters. Liberal Democrats questioned where the funds would come from. Mebyon Kernow said it did not believe the Tory's promise.
Wayne Rooney is considering an offer that would make him the highest paid player in Manchester United's history. The England striker is in the final 18 months of his £250,000-a-week contract. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho remains interested in signing him.
25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U's last season. Stags say the deal contains an option to agree a permanent move.
Aircraft, nicknamed 'Bette' after one of its pilot's girlfriends, was built in 1941. It was stationed in Cornwall, Hampshire, Norfolk and Shropshire during war. Aircraft saw service with four RAF squadrons between 1941 and 1944. Pilot Alec Lumsden gave it the name Bette and added
Korean firm Doosan Power Systems is to locate a research centre in Renfrew employing up to 200 people. It also wants to build a manufacturing plant in Scotland, creating up to 500 direct jobs and 1,000 supply-side jobs. Renfrew-based Steel Engineering aims to double its 120 staff by opening a new plant and building a mini
Hens built nests next to the arc of the boar's belly at Mountfitchet Castle. chicks have been seen playing on top of the replica animal's back and head.
David Cameron wants to reduce net migration to 100,000 by 2015. Home affairs select committee says immigration cap is having 'no effect' But committee says it has'stimulated recruitment' from EU countries.
Insurance premium tax (IPT) was 6% in 2015, but is going up to 12% from June. The AA said it would look at its fees if the tax increased again.
Arsenal goalkeeper Cech plays drums on his drum kit. Xavi Hernandez loves nothing more than foraging for fungi. Alan Ward has a family cattery in Hertfordshire.
Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates in Canterbury. In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April. However, this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable.
Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot, a chemical weapons factory and a training camp. Raqqa is being de facto capital of the 'caliphate' whose creation was proclaimed by IS two years ago.
More than 800 jobs were created at the Solihull plant in January. Now Jaguar Land Rover announces plans to create an extra 1,700. Solihull mayor Joe Tildesley said: 'Suddenly they are everywhere'
The 22-year-old has not featured for Shrewsbury this season. Caton has also played for Blackpool and Wrexham.
3-0 ruling means people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen with visas can continue to enter the US. Refugees from around the world, who were also subject to a temporary ban, are no longer blocked either. The case is now likely to end up at the highest court,
Council consulted on replacing paid staff with volunteers at seven libraries. Protesters said survey showed 66% of people were opposed to the plan. Council later said there would be no changes for three years.
Andre Gray puts Burnley ahead after Sam Vokes turns Glenn Loovens. Atdhe Nuhiu heads down Barry Bannan's centre for Kieran Lee to tuck home. Burnley could have won it but Vokes could not get a clean contact.
Greggs like-for-like sales up by 4.9% during the quarter compared with a year earlier. The company said it would continue to benefit from "low cost pressures" But it warned that wage pressures could drive costs up next year.
Jung won aboard Sam, who was a late replacement when Fischertakinou contracted an infection in July. France's Astier Nicolas took silver and American Phillip Dutton won bronze. GB's William Fox-Pitt finished 12th.
The scheme aims to reduce local opposition to renewable energy development. It has been developed by the renewable industry alongside community groups.
The injured pets needed amputations following air rifle attacks in March and April. Franky Mills, of Long Gore in Farncombe, faces eight charges of criminal damage and eight of a firearms offence.
Oneil Din, 27, from Coventry, got caught in a rip current and died at Crantock beach, Cornwall. Council said the beach had become more dangerous since a breakwater was damaged by storms in 2015. Duchy said new warning signs were put up in 2016 and it planned to "see what more
Natural History Museum's top whale expert puts on display seven humpback foetuses. specimens were collected at the beginning of the 20th Century. Scientists were sent to the Antarctic to gather data on the activities of the whaling fleets.
The Bank of England kept interest rates on hold at a record low of 0.5%. The Monetary Policy Committee said it might cut rates further in the coming months. Some City economists expect a further cut in bank rate to just 0.1%.
State media anticipated the Permanent Court of Arbitration's findings. Immediately, outlets including Xinhua released a prepared statement describing the decision as "illegal and invalid" There was an immediate attempt to control online discussion in China.
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 0.2% in the first three months of the year, far lower than forecasts. The Federal Reserve also kept interest rates at a record low, blaming the slower growth on "transitory factors" Japan's Nikkei 225 was down 2.7% to 19,520.21, its
Australia and West Indies draw in second Test in Sydney. Only 86.2 overs possible on first four days after heavy rain. David Warner hit an 82-ball century as Australia reached 176-2. Australia are already 2-0 up in the series.
Rising waters have been triggered by heavy rain following a wet spring. Parts of Germany have not seen such severe flooding in centuries. Floodwater is also threatening parts of Austria and the Czech Republic.
Incident took place close to Caernarfon's Crown Court and fire station. The mother-of-five was airlifted to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent. North Wales Police has said her 46-year-old partner has been arrested.
Police called to Oxlow Lane, Dagenham, after reports of a street fight. Officers recovered three large knives, scissors and cannabis from crowd. Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon.
Cricket in Nigeria has recently been promoted to division five in the World Cricket League. The Lagos league was started more than 15 years ago and boasts 99% of the national team. It is also tempering attitudes that see the game as elitist and old fashioned.
Andrew Haldane said he was downbeat over the UK economy because of weaker global growth, low wage growth and financial and political risks. Previously, UK interest rates had been expected to rise early next year. Sterling dropped 0.5% against the dollar following his remarks.
Foxconn is the world's biggest contract electronics maker. It reported a 16% jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT$94.8bn. Apple accounts for almost half of Foxconn's total revenue.
Walkers set off from Shrewsbury Abbey on 18 June, ending up at St Winefride's Well a week later. The walk is part of a week of events to commemorate the historic royal visit. Henry V in 1416 walked from Shrewsbury to the shrine to thank her for his victory.
The Brazilian Grand Prix takes place on the final weekend of the season. Interlagos has a knack for producing exciting races. The circuit winds around a natural amphitheatre, high on a hill, the of Sao Paulo both a backdrop and crushing in from all sides.
Elgan Varney, 33, was accused of raping Hannah Stubbs, who was a student at Keele University. The 22-year-old killed herself at her Stafford home in August 2015. A judge cleared Mr Varney of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault.
The plant will be decommissioned in four stages over the next three years. It is part of a move to relocate production to Roermond in the Netherlands.
Prof Peter Field, a renowned expert in Arthurian literature, said: 'It was quite by chance. I was looking at some maps, and suddenly all the ducks lined up'
Vardy has not scored for Leicester City since 10 September. The striker netted in England's 2-2 friendly draw with Spain last week. Vardy has scored twice in the league this season compared with 13 at the same stage in 2015-16.
The latest intake of Tory MPs is far and away the most Eurosceptic in the Conservative Party's history. Only ten Conservative MPs have declared their position publicly, by joining the "Better Off Out" group. There are signs of new currents of opinion on Europe swirling through the left of British politics
Lib Dem leader said the Tories would have to cut 10,000 police officers, 28,000 carers and 25,000 military personnel to pay for tax cuts. He said the poorest would "bear the heaviest burden" David Cameron has accused Mr Clegg of "running away from his record"
A female officer was seriously hurt and remains in hospital. A colleague who also tried to intervene received a minor leg injury. Police are appealing for witnesses.
West Indies beat Australia by five wickets in Women's World T20 final. Elyse Villani made the first half century of the tournament for Australia. Hayley Matthews hit a stunning 66 off 45 balls with three sixes for Windies.
UKIP's Paul Nuttall won the party's leadership contest on Monday. He promised to target Labour voters in the north of England. Mr Gill said "disgruntled left-behind Labour voters" were a target for UKIP.
Charity which accused producers of misrepresenting residents offers self-defence kit. Oasis, a community and education charity, runs the primary school where Benefits Street was filmed. The kit, which is on its website, contains advice on how to discourage TV producers.
Prison officers will be allowed to retire at 65 - up to three years ahead of the current state pension age. They will also be given consolidated pay rises of between 0.5% and 1%. The deal will now be put to a ballot of the union's membership.
Alan Wright and his wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden in Cranbrook. He said a man they spoke to took their photo in the gardens. Mrs Wright, from Kent, died three months later. A tweet by the National Trust has been shared more than 600 times.
Ivory Coast bans popular skin-whitening creams. Medical experts say they may cause cancer, diabetes, severe skin conditions. But analysts say the ban may not stop people buying the products.
Lib Dem Lord Oates accused Labour of being prepared to "concede everything" Labour's leader in the Lords responded that his party was giving people "false hope" The two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the government. But that co-operation went out the window when MPs rejected amendments
A further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes. Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning revealed the figures after a parliamentary question. He said they were an estimate because strike sites cannot be visited.
Hacker says he wanted to highlight website's 'vulnerability' It only took him a few minutes to hack into the site, he said. Norwich International Airport director condemns hacking as a crime.
Lancashire County Council has earmarked land on the former Glenburn Sports College. Skelmersdale College's Westbank campus, owned by Newcastle College, is also unused. Decision follows a comparative study by Network Rail of both sites.
Frenchman Christophe Borgye's remains were found at a property in Ellesmere Port. Manuel Wagner, 29, has been found guilty of murder and sentenced to 16 years. Two other men were convicted in 2014 following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court. Mr Borgye, 36, was killed in May 2009
NotPetya was a June cyber-attack that shut down thousands of computers. Ukraine's top cyber-cop said some of the nation's largest companies were still too scared to share the full scale of the fallout with his investigators. Sergiy Demedyuk said he has come to believe there are
Wasps remain in third place in the Aviva Premiership. They have only lost twice in 2016. Dai Young's side have now won a sixth home game in a row.
Accident happened on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn. Woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a "serious leg injury" Four other people suffered minor injuries.
Mr Dewani, 34, left Gatwick Airport through a side entrance guarded by police. He is believed to have flown in from Dubai rather than direct flight from Cape Town. Dewani was extradited in April for the trial, which was thrown out on Monday.
Cuadrilla's plans for fracking at its Preston New Road site were approved in October. The firm says it will put Lancashire first for creating jobs, new skills, investment, and community initiatives.
Humberto Trevino Benitez's daughter caused outrage by trying to close down the bistro after it did not give her a table she wanted. The episode sparked a discussion about abuse of power in the country.
RAF buried the planes in 1945 amid fears they could be used by foreign forces. The exact location of the planes is unknown.
Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team (MRT) volunteers helped the pair to the top of the ridge. They were then winched aboard the helicopter and dropped off at Nant Peris.
Home Office halts Detained Fast Track amid concerns over safeguards. It is thought about 800 applicants are affected - and can now seek bail. Immigration minister James Brokenshire said he hoped the DFT system would resume within weeks.
Spending on public-sector services per head highest in Northern Ireland, £10,900. English enjoy public-service spending per annum equivalent to under 40% of the income they generate. Annual outlays on public services in Wales equivalent to more than 60% of nationally generated income per head.
Aamir Siddiqi, 17, was stabbed at his home in Roath in 2010. Two men, Jason Richards and Ben Hope, were jailed for life in 2013. Mohammed Ali Ege, originally from Cardiff, was arrested in India in 2011. But he escaped police custody in India last week
Chris May, 28, was last seen by family at his home in Kelvedon on 25 May 2015. His abandoned Volkswagen Golf was found 10 miles (16km) away in Fairstead. Essex Police formally declared a murder investigation exactly a year later. A 35-year-old Braintree man and a 25-year
Firm has been through a difficult corporate turnaround in recent years. Havelock Europa was back into the black, with pre-tax profits of £183,000. Revenue was down, largely due to the loss of a major financial client.
James Watt and Martin Dickie started brewing beer together as a hobby in their early 20s. They were inspired to American-style craft beers - sweet-tasting with high alcohol levels. Mr Watt and Mr Dickie quit their day jobs and started brewing professionally in 2007. Fast forward to 2014, and BrewDog is
The currency initially slipped against the dollar and euro, only to start recovering in mid-afternoon trading. Meanwhile, the "volatility index" - a measure of investors' uncertainty - has hit levels last seen in the 2008 financial crisis. The reaction on London's FTSE 100 was muted initially, with
David Harris, 68, was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover policeman to murder Hazel Allinson. His Old Bailey trial heard he wanted to inherit her West Sussex home and elope with sex worker Ugne Cekaviciute, 28. Harris, the former producer of the police drama series The
Konstandinos Erik Scurfield, 25, died near the Syrian city of Qamishli on 2 March. His coffin was handed over to his father and uncle in a ceremony involving hundreds of Syrian Kurds. The ceremony was also a "big moment" for the Kurds, who turned out to pay their last
The NSA has collected data about numbers called and times, but not the content of conversations. The spying was leaked by Edward Snowden, a former NSA contractor. House members are expected to vote on a bill that would end the NSA's collection of bulk data.
Lindegaard spent the second half of last season on loan at Tottenham. The 32-year-old Dane made 14 appearances for the Lilywhites.
Stella the pit bull was kept in a 3ft by 9ft cage for two years without exercise. Now former kennel workers have released a video showing both Stella and a seized Rottweiler named Vinnie. The video, taken on the day Vinnie was put down, shows kennel staff playing with Vinnie while Stella rubs noses with
Streatham MP said Labour should not be "screaming at the electorate" He spoke out after the party was hit by a row over its stance on welfare cuts. Mr Umunna said the Conservatives would want Jeremy Corbyn to win.
Allan Stanley, 76, was snorkelling around the island of Gozo when he was hit. His widow Diane told the inquest it happened in seconds. A conclusion of accidental death was recorded by coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones.
Twenty-five suspects were released because of a lack of evidence. It is the latest batch of death sentences passed in connection with the killings. 36 men were hanged a year ago for their part in the massacre.
Surfstitch purchased the firm as part of a combined deal that also includes surf magazine Stab. Magicseaweed provides live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches around the world. The firm employs 22 people in Kingsbridge, taking data from offshore weather buoys.
Play was suspended on Friday afternoon with winds reaching 36mph. Nacho Elvira is nine under, a shot clear of Open champion Henrik Stenson. England's Chris Paisley carded the joint-best second round with 66.
Colchester came from behind to beat Bradford 2-1 on Saturday. It was Colchester's first League One win since October. The Bantams had taken the lead through Wes Thomas.
Neolithic huts are based on archaeological remains found near Stonehenge. The hope is to re-build the huts at Stonehenge visitor centre next year. Huts will be kept for another two months and open to the public in May.
At least 21 people were arrested in Berkeley, California, in clashes between Trump opponents and supporters. There is no law requiring presidents to release their tax returns. But Mr Trump has found himself under public pressure and some information from a 2005 tax return was leaked to the media last month. The protests were timed
The news means the WBO belt would not be on the line if IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko agree to fight. Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn has said terms were almost agreed. The 24-year-old is undefeated in 21 fights.
dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l... (dyna ddigon nawr. Gol)
The Northampton hooker is expected to be named skipper by new head coach Eddie Jones on Monday. Dylan Hartley has been banned for over a year in total during his career. Rugby Football Union chief executive Ian Ritchie said he had "paid the penalty"
Otto Warmbier, 22, was arrested in North Korea in January 2016. He was given a 15-year prison sentence for attempting to steal a sign. North Korea said his condition was caused by botulism and a sleeping pill. But his father Fred Warmbier said his son had been treated 'brut
Floyd Mayweather fights Conor McGregor in Las Vegas on Saturday. The contest is likely to be the richest fight in boxing history. Both fighters and their camps have been candid in admitting the contest is all about the cash. But the language they have used to boost their mega pay day has been disgraceful. Mayweather
Lionel Portillo-Meza pleaded not guilty in the death of Brian Terry in Arizona. Weapons found at the scene of his death were linked to a US anti-gun-running scheme. Under the programme, the US allowed criminals to purchase guns in order to trace them to major arms traffickers.
Latest threats bring number of incidents to 69 in 27 states in past month. No bombs were found at any of the centres targeted with telephone calls. Hillary Clinton said that action must be taken to prevent further incidents.
England beat Italy 26-17 at Twickenham in the Six Nations. Stuart Lancaster's side made fewer tackles and missed fewer line breaks. But England still dominated possession and territory. George Ford was man of the match in the Millennium Stadium.
Baidu has been developing self-drive vehicles since 2015. It has been making the announcement ahead of the Shanghai Auto Show. The move could be likened to Google's decision to release Android.
Signallers, maintenance staff and station workers due to walk out on Monday. Limited services will run on Scotrail, Gatwick and Heathrow Express lines. There will be no Virgin West Coast mainline services on Monday or Tuesday.
The incident caused outrage in India and led to street protests. This marks the sixth arrest in the crime.
The Chilean flag has a white star on a blue background. The Lone Star state has a blue, white, and red flag. A resolution has been put forward to correct the mix-up.
US rights are already with NBC Universal at $83m (£53.2m a season) The Premier League has secured a record £5.1bn three-season domestic deal with BT Sport and Sky, which starts in 2016-17.
Part of Milford Road in Stafford will be closed until the summer. Severn Trent Water say the road is too narrow to be kept open. New water pipes are being laid from Shugborough to Stafford.
Russia has been carrying out air strikes in Syria since September. Tensions between the two countries have been high since Turkey shot down a Russian jet in November.
Newcastle Falcons lie eighth, having won six of their 14 matches. Falcons finished 11th for the previous three campaigns. Newcastle host Northampton, who they beat 22-16 earlier this season.
Defender has made just one appearance since joining the club in November. Callum Elder, Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe are all currently out injured.
Cycling's governing body the UCI found the 19-year-old's spare bike contained a motor at January's Cyclo-cross World Championships in Belgium. Van den Driessche has also been fined 20,000 Swiss francs (£14,000) and been ordered to pay legal costs. The result of the World Championship
The UFC recently opened a new performance institute in Manchester. The new building is seen as a game changer for the sport. Any fighter competing under the UFC banner can train here at no cost.
England face Australia in the second Test on Saturday. Owen Farrell is set to be replaced at inside centre by Luther Burrell. Marland Yarde is in line to start instead of Jack Nowell.
Katie Milby, 13, has Morquio A, a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people in the UK. Her friend Kyle Pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made available on the NHS. The drug's manufacturers have been providing the treatment to patients at their own
Lichfield are not included in the new 10-team Women's Super Rugby competition. The Staffordshire club are second in the Premiership. Director of rugby Becky Williams said it was "devastating" to miss out.
England lost 1-0 to Portugal, beat Sweden by the same score but then lost 3-1 to Italy. Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jack Wilshere were among those eligible but not called up. Gareth Southgate's side went out in the group stage in the Czech Republic
There is a mismatch between those soothing words and the aggressive trade policies. Trump has floated the idea of a swingeing 45% tariff on Chinese imports. He has also been scathing about the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Mike Hall and two colleagues from West Midlands Police's cannabis team flagged down by a driver in Wolverhampton. The passenger was in labour and Mr Hall rushed to help deliver a baby girl. Mr Hall said it was a day he "won't forget in a hurry"
England centre Manu Tuilagi is attracting interest from several sides. The 24-year-old's deal at Welford Road runs out next summer. Leicester coach Richard Cockerill is confident he will stay at the club.
Jemma Beale, 25, claimed she was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six, all strangers, in four encounters spanning three years. Beale from Hounslow was found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice. Prosecutor Madeleine Wolfe told the court police spent 6,400 hours investigating Beale's lies.
Mohammed Khubaib, 43, was convicted of rape and grooming offences last month. The jury was told he forced a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him. He had a "persistent and almost predatory interest" in girls, the court heard.
Five appliances were initially sent to the scene. No-one was injured in the incident.
50mm of rain fell in an hour in Cambridgeshire, damaging the banks of the River Nene. Shoppers said water was "pouring through the ceiling near the fresh fish counter" A rest centre was opened in St John the Evangelist Parish Hall, March.
Government investigation said bodies were burned at a rubbish dump hours after they went missing. But Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says it has found no evidence to support claims that the bodies were incinerated. Mexican government is sending forensic experts to the area. Case shocked Mexico and led to weeks of protests against
UK advance party of 10 soldiers will support African Union peacekeeping efforts. About 70 personnel will eventually be in Somalia carrying out medical duties. Around 300 troops are also to be deployed to the conflict in South Sudan.
Summer Wroniecki broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd. Her father Christian wrote on Facebook that his daughter was "comfortable"
The 35-year-old has 184 goals in 252 matches in an international career. She was in the 2015 World Cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds. Wambach was the 2012 Fifa Women's World Player of the Year.
Only one in 200 women in the UK is still doing any degree of breastfeeding after a year. That compares with 23% in Germany, 56% in Brazil and 99% in Senegal. Researchers said it was a "widespread misconception" that breastfeeding was beneficial only in poor countries.
The 24-year-old has agreed a two-year-deal and will arrive following his commitments with the Stormers and Western Province in South Africa. He is the son of former Springbok Guy Kebble. Kebble will join current team-mate Huw Jones in Glasgow.
Widnes led the table after winning six of their first seven matches. The Vikings slipped to second after losing to Warrington on 25 March. Widnes face league leaders Warrington again on Friday.
Duke of York named in court papers relating to case against Jeffrey Epstein. Palace officials say those made about the duke were "without any foundation" The Mail on Sunday has named the woman as Virginia Roberts.
Krystian Pearce equalised for Mansfield Town with a header from Adam Chapman's corner. Matt Green hit the crossbar for the Stags with a right footed shot. Reggie Lambe hit the bar with a left footed shot from outside the box.
The 28-year-old man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition. He was found in North Street at 07:10 GMT on Saturday. Sussex Police said the victim was still in hospital.
Clive Weatherhogg, 42, set up meetings with a man he found on an adult site. Court heard he sent a sexually explicit clip to the victim's sister on Christmas Day. He denied the charges but was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Rhodes will join Wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer. The 26-year-old scored six goals in 24 league games for Boro. Rhodes joined Boro from Blackburn for £9m in January 2016.
Academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much of its contents was destroyed in the blaze. The school's 453 pupils are currently being taught at four locations in the Selsey area. As well as classrooms, the temporary buildings will house science labs, workshops and food technology areas.
George North has signed a new contract with Northampton Saints. The 23-year-old's previous deal was due to expire next summer. North had been linked with a return to Wales.
Petra Kvitova beat Simona Halep 6-1 6-2 in the semi-final. The two-time Wimbledon champion will face Dominika Cibulkova in the final. Slovakian 10th seed beat Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4.
Gerald Lavey, 30, said his children clung to him during the attack. He said the gang dragged him from his living room to the front garden. Hours after the attack, a wheelie bin was set alight next to the house.
The centre shut last February after the trust running it had its funding pulled by Denbighshire council. The work, starting on Monday, is expected to be finished by July.
The cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims. Police say many cases have'multiple suspects and multiple victims' Last year, 12 men were jailed for their part in the abuse of a single victim.
The driver, named as James Mathew Bradley, 60, could face the death penalty. He says the immigrants were placed in his trailer while he was distracted. They were inside the trailer without access to air conditioning or water. Police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling.
Weighing a tiny amount, I bought children's clothing and consumed fewer than 500 calories a day. I developed techniques and deceptive ways to make it look like I'd eaten when I hadn't.
Windrush generation responded to adverts to work in Britain but were only allowed to bring one suitcase. Items include photographs, clothes, records and games - as well as beauty products designed for black skin and hair.
Government source says White Paper intended to set 'broad set of principles and guidelines' It could see BBC forced to move shows such as Strictly Come Dancing. Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle called the rumoured plans 'unacceptable interference'
Barbara Stensland, 43, from Cardiff, went to Carmarthen on 5 August. When she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue, she was refused. Council's senior licensing officer said: "We will investigate this matter"
Esa says Philae has contacted Earth for the first time since November. The probe's solar-powered battery ran out after just 60 hours. Scientists now hope Philae can carry out experiments on the comet.
Sgt Jon Harris had been sent to an alleged assault in Glasgow. After the incident he decided to join in with the karaoke. The other officers were clapping and cheering for him.
Hamish Marshall (58) and Phil Mustard (38) add 76 runs for the last wicket. Viljoen takes 5-55 as hosts are bowled out for 239.
Northern Ireland Assembly due to return from its summer recess next Monday. The crisis was sparked by the murder of an ex-IRA man and UUP exit. DUP's Arlene Foster said her party was prepared to take "our own action" Sinn Féin said it again made clear its opposition to assembly suspension
Durham were bowled out for just 105 in their first innings. Keaton Jennings, Cameron Steel and Graham Clark all out for 20. Northants finished the day 59-3, 107 runs behind.
Margaret Fleming, 36, was last seen at her home in Inverkip on October 28. She is described as about 5ft 5in tall, with collar-length black hair, brown eyes. Police said they were trying to build a picture of Ms Fleming's life.
Poster for Powwownow shows a man on an underground train surrounded by zombie-like characters in masks. Changing Faces says the adverts are "insensitive" because of similarity to masks worn by people recovering from burns. Powwow now says the images are not targeting those with facial disfigurements and instead show characters
Sammy Ameobi's 20-yard effort 25 seconds after half-time doubled Wanderers' advantage. Gary Madine's first goal since August 27 in the 44th minute made it 2-0. Josh Vela's superbly crafted goal 20 minutes later appeared to have eased home nerves. Jack O'Connell
France's leading Muslim body seeks to distance Islam from recent jihadist attacks. The initiative comes a year after the Charlie Hebdo killings in Paris. Hundreds of French mosques are taking part in the open-house event.
Total allowable catch for cod will be 29,189 tonnes, 5% up on 2014. UK fishermen will have an additional 711 tonnes and Scottish fishermen around 343 tonnes.
Plane crash landed in a field in Maidwell on Thursday afternoon. The pilot and his wife were able to walk away from the crash site. They were found at The Stags Head, where they had taken a drink.
The Swansea canal was once a major artery for the city's industrial past. It carried 400,000 tonnes of coal, iron and steel a year to feed the Industrial Revolution. By the turn of the 20th Century it was feeling the pinch from the competition of railways. The last commercial barge to travel the
Sexton was injured against Castres on 20 January. Ireland playmaker has the chance to cement his starting spot. Uncapped Munster wing Andrew Conway has been ruled out.
Landlords will be able to end tenancy without a court order, ministers say. They will also be required to check a migrant's status in advance of agreeing a lease. Repeat offenders could face up to five years in prison. Critics have said it may lead to UK citizens being refused accommodation.
Opstelten had said the trafficker was paid much less than he actually was. He also said details of the payment had been lost, but this was not so. The resignations are a blow to the Liberal party as it faces an election.
Forfar are seven points clear of Arbroath, who move above Elgin City by beating them 3-2. Montrose won 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers, while Stirling Albion beat Annan Athletic to move off bottom.
The planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing. Rare red squirrels, capercaillie and wood ants had been recorded in the area. Carrbridge, known as its 18th century packhorse bridge, has a population of about 700.
Patients on two wards at University Hospital Llandough are suffering from the illness. The hospital said the spread of the virus would be limited if people made only absolutely necessary visits.
Chinese student Shuping Yang praised the fresh air and freedom of speech at an American campus. Video clip of her speech quickly went viral and triggered an outpouring of anger. Yang swiftly apologised, asked forgiveness and said she had no intention to belittle her country. But that was not enough to stop the flood
Eggs command a high price from farms which produce meat, leather and other goods. Proponents say legalisation in the neighbouring Northern Territory brought substantial economic benefits, without affecting crocodile numbers. Critics, though, say it is not right to take the eggs, as most are already lost to inundation or predation.
Gritters are now travelling to various workshops for maintenance, says highways official. The "low-risk" season begins in October with "high-risk' starting in November. Officials said the service was stood down in April but had to start again.
Ricky travels the country meeting the robots of the future. From spending a night in a robot house to getting a brain scan, Ricky finds out how and why our relationship with robots is changing.
Gillian McCusker had fallen out with Rachel and Nyomi Fee just before Liam died. She said she never suspected any wrongdoing during the time she knew the Fees. The couple were convicted of killing Liam at his Fife home in March 2014.
Palm Paper's King's Lynn mill began production in August 2009. In January this year produced its second millionth tonne of newsprint paper.
Most migrants relocated to refitted shipping containers. Some moved their tents further inside the camp. Riot police overseeing the operation which seemed to be going without incident.
Hammond spoke to Israeli foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman and Israeli justice minister Tzipi Livni on Sunday. He reiterated the UK's "need for an immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire"
Three people were stabbed in Colchester on Saturday. Essex Police approved use of additional powers to search people. The "robust policing tactic" was used for three hours. None of those who were stabbed suffered life-threatening injuries.
Leighton Andrews wants to bring back bigger councils in Wales. He called the case for fewer local authorities "compelling" But the plans have been criticised by the body representing local authorities.
Proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the US. Charter is also buying Bright House Networks, another cable operator, for $10.4bn. The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers in 41 states.
Inquiry will look at historical abuse of children in care in Scotland. John Findlay was abused while a pupil in the care of Aberlour House in Moray. He said the inquiry was "yet another process" rather than progress.
Polish Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz called the plan a "provocation" The Night Wolves' vice-president, Felix Chernyakhovsky, has insisted the bikers still intend to make the trip. They are viewed in Poland as the "Kremlin's Hells Angels"
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa Test captain. The 32-year-old had been under pressure after poor form. Amla said he had considered quitting before start of series against England.
Australia's economy grew 0.6% in the March quarter, beating forecasts. On an annual basis the economy expanded 2.3%, beating expectations 2.1%. Economist Shane Oliver said the numbers were "well below potential" On Tuesday, the country's central bank did not cut its lending rates further.
Scientists have tagged birds leaving the UK and believe they take two different routes on their journey to spend the winter in Africa. Survival is lower on the shorter route via Spain, they report. More than half of cuckoos in the UK have been lost over the past 20 years.
Perez had explored options with Williams and Renault. The 26-year-old said he was 'happy and proud' to be with Force India. Force India are currently fourth in the constructors' standings.
Kensington and Chelsea Council won an earlier case against Sophie Sotello in the magistrates' court. When she appealed against the decision, the council dropped its case. It said that it was now satisfied with evidence showing that her son, 11-year-old Gabriel Sotelo, was receiving a suitable education
Donaldson moves to eight under par to lead from Italy's Renato Paratore. Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin, who was tied for the lead on Thursday, are a stroke further back.
There are currently five drop-in clinics in England for victims of the practice. Charity Bawso is working to open a pilot clinic at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary. World marks the international day of zero tolerance to FGM.
New thermoset plastics can be made from simple ingredients. They include strong, stiff and flexible gels that can mend themselves if torn. This could lead to cheaper and greener cars, planes and electronics.
The UK is a magnet for entrepreneurs - around a third of them come from abroad. But some say home-grown tech entrepreneurs are not turning promising starts into leading global companies. A variety of reasons have been put forward, including a digital skills shortage.
Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders visitor centre in Jedburgh. It comes ahead of a number proposals to open the region's first whisky distillery since 1837. Lead distiller Kate Macinnes said the potential to make the Scottish Borders a "region of distilling excellence"
John Player factory in Radford has been torn down in a series of controlled demolitions. Decision on whether to erase it completely will be made by its owners and insurers. Senior firefighters have said the blaze at the Victorian landmark was the most complex they had ever dealt with.
Men in England and Wales can expect to live on average to 85.7 years. In 1981 men were likely to die six years before women on average. Life expectancy increased as living standards improved and antibiotics were developed. But gap between men and women began to widen in the second half of the century.
Dale Merza, 20, is charged with misdemeanour hazing after the alleged attack. Andrew Seely, 19, sought medical treatment for serous facial swelling. Mr Merza's legal representative said his client was innocent.
The border between the two countries runs up the mountain near its peak. Part of Halti mountain is already in Finland - and forms its current highest point. But the peak is 20m (66ft) across the border inside Norwegian territory. Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit to
Fraser of Allander Institute reckons that growth this year will be 1.9%. That is a reduction on the 2.2% forecast for 2016 that it published in November. For 2017, the forecast has fallen from 2.5% to 2.2% in those past four months.
Rex Tillerson, former head of Exxon Mobil, said he was'stunned' with the invitation. He said he had never met Donald Trump before his election in November. Mr Tillerson has been criticised for his close ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Suffolk side Needham Market FC were heading to Folkestone when they hit a jam. A woman who was late for her wedding approached them at the side of the road. Club secretary Mark Easlea said they wanted to know if she got to the church.
The 18-year-old from Birmingham was detained after arriving back in the UK. It follows the arrest of a man and woman, both from Birmingham, on 4 April.
Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association hopes to raise £140,000. The sculptures will be created in Andover, Hampshire. They will then move to the Arboretum in Alrewas.
Burmese democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi says the pace of reform has slowed. The early pace of those changes hasn't been sustained, she says. Suu Kyi's main frustration is that the constitution remains unchanged.
John Coyle tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow's Easterhouse. He left empty-handed after the worker shouted to her mother who also worked there. The 43-year-old, from Cranhill, will be sentenced in the new year.
Separate, unpublished report says disproportionate numbers of minority officers end up in disciplinary system. Association of Chief Police Officers says the data is "worrying" NBPA president says there is a "problem" when it comes to dealing with race issues.
Coins were discovered by metal detector Tom Crawford last January. They were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge. Experts believe they are part of a hoard of coins found by Mr Crawford in the same field in 2001.
Caitlin Ruddy had been with a group of teenagers on the north pier. She was rescued from the side of the bay by a member of the public. Her mother, Sabrina Cook, said she had lost her "everything"
Danny Glass, 29, collided with a truck in Phuket on 8 May. He and the lorry driver are to be charged with causing death by reckless driving. Ms Anderson, 41, originally from Blackpool, was a keen video blogger.
Kyrron Jackson, 28, and his friend Nicholas Chandler, 29, were found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years. Granger targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, in a Mayfair casino in March last year.
Chancellor Philip Hammond will deliver the Budget on Wednesday. The economy is more resilient as consumers keep spending. Better growth also means the government's borrowing position is more positive. But Treasury is quietly warning there may still be pain ahead.
Manchester United have named a strong squad for their pre-season tour of the United States. Louis van Gaal's side have a minimum of four games in the US. United will play LA Galaxy, Inter Milan and Real Madrid.
Tricia Marwick and Alex Salmond among those standing down as MSPs. Mr Salmond used his valedictory address to repeat belief that Scotland was "not divided, but diverse" Presiding officer shed tears after veteran Labour MSP Duncan McNeil bid farewell.
Kentucky Methodist Hospital had to shut down all of its desktop computers. Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital also affected. None of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom. The cases are now being investigated by the FBI.
Our mission is to inspire, empower and motivate our online community. We reckon that by embracing our differences we can make our lives happier. And we want you to share your lives with us too by tweeting, posting, sharing and snapping your way through the next six months.
PM said Fifa could only rebuild its credibility if Mr Blatter left. Seven senior Fifa officials were arrested at a hotel in Switzerland on Wednesday. UK Serious Fraud Office said it was looking at material relating to allegations.
The Romanian diners had paid a deposit of 900 ($950; £770) The diners owe 2,000 more, the restaurant's manager said. Police have not yet been able to contact any of the diners.
Police Scotland said crime had previously been under-reported. Most offences reported were in Aberdeenshire, Highlands and Islands. Sheep were the most common animal affected. Other animals involved included horses and cattle.
The 20-year-old has been racing for Manor in the second half of this season. He replaces Nico Hulkenberg, who has moved to Renault. Ocon's best results for Manor have been the 16th-placed finishes he secured at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Care Inspectorate report found some staff at Kingsmead were not treating people with 'dignity and respect' The report said that in some incidences, people were being treated like 'objects'
Ricky has been finding out about one dog who was having some language issues.
James Davies, 20, was convicted of murder at Mold Crown Court. Anthony Baines, 30, and Mark Ennis, 30, were convicted of manslaughter. Jake Melia, 21, previously admitted the charges and the four will be sentenced.
Akpan was dismissed in the 87th minute of Rovers' 2-1 defeat by Sheffield Wednesday. He denied the charge, which was upheld by an independent regulatory commission. Rovers were fined £5,000 for their players' response to the incident.
Ben Jefford has made 27 appearances for Welling this season. The 21-year-old is eligible to face Macclesfield on Saturday.
Stephen Pearson and Martyn Marshall Woolford gave Bristol City a deserved half-time lead. Joe Mason's header gave Cardiff hope, but a slick counter attack saw Woolford restore the two-goal advantage. Cardiff again replied through Heidar Helguson only for debutant Sam Baldock to finally put the
Middlesex close day two on 342-3, a first innings lead of 298 runs. Adam Voges unbeaten on 128 and Dawid Malan 147 not out. Hampshire were bowled out for 239 in their second innings.
Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group said plan could save NHS thousands of pounds per year. People with cow's milk protein allergy and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease might be affected. Mother Sarah Rose however said it was "like taking milk from a baby"
Microbiologists say touchscreens can be a source of a wide range of microbes. They can also be a breeding ground for opportunistic pathogens. Scientists are constantly refining the materials and coatings that make gadgets easy to wipe.
Vithiya Alphons, 24, has acute myeloid leukaemia. She launched a social media campaign to help find a match. Anthony Nolan said 5,600 have signed up in the last week.
Choity Khatun was born with caudal twinning, meaning part of a twin had developed in her pelvis. Australian surgeons spent months working out how to remove the extra limb and reconstruct her pelvic area. The toddler was brought to Australia from her village in Bangladesh by a charity.
A 24-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and has now been charged. He is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Monday.
The fire started at about 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth. Several people had been rescued and evacuated from the building. Police said a body had been found within the property.
Cooper has signed defenders Lee Collins and Callum Evans and midfielder Reece Brown. The 34-year-old made 144 appearances in his first spell with the club.
Liverpool academics, stylists and commentators are tired of negative coverage. Gemma Ahearne said coverage is part of the 'vilification of the working classes' She used Aintree as a case study when she examined how the media portrays women.
Teresa Dennett, 58, needed surgery after a stroke at Nottingham University Hospital. The hospital said its intensive care unit was full and suggested she go to Sheffield. But NHS England said a lack of beds was not a reason for refusing admission.
The 58-year-old school principal from Dublin won 144 out of a possible 278 votes. Horan will take over from current president Aogan O Fearghail in 2018.
Former England captain gives wide-ranging interview to BBC. discusses a number of cricketing issues. His concerns for the future of Test cricket and next summer's Ashes series.
Rangers have been linked with a move for Hearts midfielder Jamie Walker. Walker has turned down the chance to sign a new Hearts contract. The 24-year-old's current deal expires next summer.
Michael van Gerwen beat Peter Wright 6-5 in the final of the 2014 PDC World Darts Championship. The Dutchman led 6-5 before racing to victory and the £60,000 first prize. Wright defeated Phil Taylor at the quarter-final stage and whitewashed Stephen Bunting in the last four.
Democratic Unionist Party's (DUP) Sammy Wilson took the opposite view. He said a vote to leave the EU would help the Northern Ireland economy. Mr Wilson set the bar high at £18bn - about the same as Northern Ireland's fiscal deficit.
The 35-year-old has been released by Brighton & Hove Albion. Greer won his 11th cap after starting in Saturday's 3-0 defeat by France.
In this election, it is way down the list of priorities for most political parties. UK military interventions in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya may have contributed to a sense of combat fatigue among the public. The size of the UK's regular Army is being reduced from 102,000 to 82,000.
Born Eric Lubbock, he became Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962. He held the seat for eight years, moving to the Lords in 1971. Lib Dem leader Tim Farron paid tribute to a "true Liberal"
Number of public authority homes sold in the year to March rose from 1,209 to 1,526. Ministers announced last year that right-to-buy was to end altogether. Over the same period, 1,140 new council homes were built in Scotland. The number of affordable homes also rose by 17%, with
Ex-deputy PM says he fears Boris Johnson's "judgement is going" Further escalation of a war of words between Tories over the EU. Mr Johnson earlier said it was a "bit too much" for PM to say an Out vote.
Two men were attacked in Ivory Blacks in Oswald Street, Glasgow. Last month, police released images of two men they want to speak to. Both men are described as white and aged 25 to 35.
More than 500 people took part in the march through Oxford on Saturday. David Cameron had been invited to join the protest after saying he was "disappointed" The council has said it will continue to support the most vulnerable in Oxfordshire.
Romelu Lukaku fired Everton into an early lead with a low strike. Crystal Palace equalised through a Mile Jedinak penalty on 30 minutes. Fraizer Campbell's header and Yannick Bolasie's low shot put Palace firmly in control. Leighton Baines scored a late penalty but Palace held on
NASUWT union said it had won £16,077,328 for members last year. A member of teaching staff in north Wales was given £100,000 compensation when the chair he sat on collapsed.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) aims to boost the economies of the EU and the US by removing or reducing barriers to trade and foreign investment. President Obama said, when the talks were launched, that TTIP would promote "new growth and jobs on both sides of the Atlantic" Critics reject that
Steve Borthwick left his role as forwards coach at Bristol after only 43 days. The 36-year-old was appointed by England coach Eddie Jones last week. Bristol owner Steve Lansdown described the RFU as "unprofessional" in their handling of the appointment.
German exports fell 2.1% compared with October, while imports rose 1.5%. Factory production fell by 0.1% from October as energy production fell.
Richard Tyler, 44, saw the Hawker Hunter jet go up in a loop and come down again as it crashed onto the A27 on 22 August. Red Cross team worked alongside the first ambulance crew on the scene. Mr Tyler said they then went on to help those in need who had witnessed it.
failings in corporate leadership have continued to stalk UK businesses. It is 25 years since the Cadbury code was published. The Financial Reporting Council has requested more powers to tackle bad behaviour.
The 12ft-high (3.6m) statue features about 40,000 spoons and has taken almost five months to build at the British Ironworks Centre in Oswestry. The spoons have been donated from across the world, as well as local schoolchildren. It is due to be transported to Mr Geller's home in
In 2014, the National Front took Russian loans worth 11m (£9.4m) One of the loans was brokered by Jean-Luc Schaffhauser, an energy consultant turned MEP. Some believe the 9m loan was indeed a reward for Ms Le Pen's support over Crimea.
All parties are promising to create more apprentices or equivalent schemes. Labour highlighted its pledge to create 100,000 additional apprentices. Lib Dems said they would fund their promise by moving cash from Jobs Growth Wales.
Vodafone said it was too early to "draw any firm conclusions" It employs 13,000 people in the UK, but the group headquarters are in London. Last week, chief executive Vittorio Colao said Britain risked exclusion from plans for a giant new single market.
Robert McNab admitted carrying out the offences between 2007 and 2016. 30-year-old chatted to people on Facebook and WhatsApp using a fake name. He was found to have a stash of indecent pictures and videos. Defence solicitor said McNab was the victim of repeated sexual abuse.
Man said he was wrongfully arrested and his home was unlawfully searched. He was arrested in connection with a firearms offence the previous day. The man was later released when police realised he was not the person they were looking for.
The French duo, seeded seventh, beat Russian fifth seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 6-3 2-6 6-4. Garcia and Mladenovic claimed their first Grand Slam title.
Fourie du Preez's try with five minutes remaining edged it for the Springboks. Backs Tyler Morgan and Dan Biggar plus hooker Scott Baldwin joined Wales' list of injured players during the game. Wales lost a trio of front-line stars in centre Jonathan Davies, full-back Leigh
Gatwick in competition with Heathrow to win approval for additional runway. One of the guarantees is compensation for people living close to the airport.
Pedro had been training with the Cumbrians and impressed in reserve games against Barrow and Burnley. The Angola-born wide-man has spent much of his career in the Dutch league.
Boris Johnson has said he will campaign against the PM in the EU referendum. Big question is whether the blond-haired old Etonian wants to play for the team or captain it. He has arguably the highest profile of any Conservative except Mr Cameron.
Lowe spent two seasons at Crewe between 2006 and 2008. The 37-year-old scored 11 goals for Bury last season.
Eleanor Hawkins, 23, left Kota Kinabalu for Kuala Lumpur on Saturday. Three other western tourists, one Dutch and two Canadians, also left island. Hawkins admitted public indecency and was jailed for three days.
Ethiopia's economy has been expanding by about 10% a year since 2004. The government expects growth to continue in double digits in 2013. Despite annual high inflation, some investors think the potential in the country has not been recognised.
Ayse Aygun's 18 year-old son Salih had gone across the border to Syria. He was killed two weeks ago in a clash at the town of Sirrin. The Turkish authorities will not allow her son's body back into the country.
Memorial to crewmen who served in Bomber Command during World War Two was damaged by trespassers. Items intended for an open day, including two generators, food and drink were stolen. Director of the centre Nicky Barr said it was "extremely frustrating"
Northampton's new owner Kelvin Thomas pays HMRC unpaid tax. Thomas purchased the club from David Cardoza on Thursday. The Cobblers are currently in the League Two automatic places.
Shares of Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film were suspended after falling 47%. That was followed by shares of Goldin Financial, which fell 55% on Thursday. Both firms had seen the price of their shares surge over the past year.
Labour whips Holly Lynch and Conor McGinn have resigned, it was confirmed. Ms Lynch tweeted it was "time to focus" on her marginal constituency. Mr McGinn said it was the "right time" to concentrate on his seat.
The average price of the cheapest match-day ticket has gone through the £30 barrier for the first time in the Premier League. Across the top five leagues of English football the cost is £22. The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has been calling for more affordable tickets with its 'Twenty's
The images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in June. Officials at the park said they imposed a preliminary fine because "the cricketer flouted the rules" Visitors to the park are not allowed to leave their vehicles.
Richard Walsh, 43, was accused of attacking two schoolboys, aged 12 and 13, last month. He had been in custody at Belmarsh Prison in south-east London. Staff found him unresponsive in his cell on Sunday morning and he was pronounced dead.
Advocacy group Glaad counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters. The number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year. Glaad bemoaned the fact that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off.
Lib Dems say Michael Gove is 'ideologically obsessed' about free schools. Deputy leader Malcolm Bruce says the budget for free schools is 'out of control' Tory education sources say more school places are being created overall.
The election was called after mayor Lutfur Rahman was convicted of electoral fraud. He has been banned from standing again.
The first handball match in the Copper Box since London 2012 has taken place. Handball is played on an indoor court between two teams of seven players. For handball's dedicated British fans, getting back in the Box has been a rare thrill.
The 30-year-old played for Tigers between 2009 and 2013, before leaving to join Salford Red Devils. Chase also praised the Rugby Football League for the support they offer players who are struggling with mental health-related issues.
GB's 2008 men's 4x400m relay team moved up from fourth to third after Russia's Denis Alekseyev failed a drugs test. It had been suggested the medal ceremony could take place at the World Championships in London in August.
People with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee. It suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine. One scientist said it suggests the "drive to drink coffee may be embedded in our genes"
Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn was widely expected to succeed his father. But he has now delayed taking the throne for at least a year. Thailand has rarely had a routine royal succession in 70 years.
East Antrim MP Nigel Dodds had been considering putting his name forward. Finance Minister Arlene Foster is the only person to declare an interest. Nominations to become the next leader of the DUP close later on Wednesday.
Ms Jones will present a One Show special from Cardiff on Friday. She returned from maternity leave to the BBC One show part-time in April. The Ammanford-born star lived in Cardiff for years and said it still felt like her home.
Bishop of Cork, Dr Paul Colton, is thought to be the first to make such a statement. Last month, the Assembly rejected a motion calling for same-sex marriage. Dr Colton said the church was not up to pace with the 'divisive' debate.
Thames Valley Police are treating the death as "unexplained" The force said Iffley Road would be closed to drivers and pedestrians for a "number of hours"
US has restricted nuclear-related exports to Pakistan since 1998. Nanjing-based Huaxing admitted to charges that it conspired to ship the epoxy coating through China to Pakistan. Huaxing was building the site as part of a nuclear cooperation pact signed between Pakistan and China.
Ivan Reitman says he wants to "expand the Ghostbusters universe" Sony Pictures thought to be setting up a Ghost Corps production company. Reitman suggests the Russo Brothers would direct a fourth Ghostbusters film.
The improvements will run from Saturday until 15 September. They will allow new trains to run on the Great Western Rail mainline. Passengers are advised to check their journeys.
Police say 540,000 people rallied in Barcelona, the capital of the region in north-east Spain. But numbers were down sharply compared with last year's event. Spain has consistently blocked attempts to hold a referendum on secession.
Prince Harry visited the Mants'ase Children's Home in Maseru, Lesotho. He was also photographed participating in the building of a children's centre. The centre will give emotional and psychological support to young people affected by HIV and Aids.
Uber and GrabTaxi will now have to register with the country's Land Transport Authority. Under the regulations, fees charged by the booking apps cannot exceed those of regular taxi companies. Uber has faced protests around the world by taxi drivers who are against its services.
England face South Africa in the first Test of a two-match series. Stuart Broad will lead the attack in James Anderson's absence. England have won only one series in South Africa since 1991.
Finn was injured while protecting his handler from a suspected armed robber. The seven-year-old fought for survival, helped every step of the way by his handler PC Dave Wardell. His recovery captured the hearts of thousands and inspired a petition.
Fire crews called to a property on Robertson Road just before 07:30. Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said crews had used breathing apparatus as they tackled the fire.
Protesters have been camping outside 4th Precinct police station since 15 November. Jamar Clark, 25, was shot during a struggle with police. Police said the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - were racially motivated. The city's mayor, Betsy Hodges, has asked people to disband their
Lesotho has seen a series of military coups since independence in 1966. Reports say the capital, Maseru, is now calm after soldiers seized buildings. Prime Minister Thomas Thabane said he would return from South Africa "as soon as I know I am not going to get killed"
AM's office was broken into on Thursday morning. No valuables were taken but files were 'gone through' South Wales Police said an investigation had been launched.
pylons would run from Carlisle to Heysham, Lancashire. They would connect a new £10bn nuclear power plant at Moorside, Sellafield. National Grid said it "fully recognises the importance" of the area.
A group of 14 people travelled to Vietnam to capture the stories of North Vietnamese veterans. The group conducted interviews with veterans, travelling to Hanoi and rural locations bombed during the war. Many of these areas were subjected to use of the toxic chemical Agent Orange, a defoliant sprayed over jungle areas to destroy enemy
The curfew was put in place on Tuesday, after protests over Freddie Gray's death turned violent. Residents were ordered to stay home from 22:00 until 05:00 on Sunday. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she did not want to maintain it any longer than was necessary.
Quinn was on the bench as Aberdeen lost to Hibernian in the third round. The 30-year-old has made more than 360 senior appearances.
Nottingham Forest beat Birmingham City 3-1 in their Championship clash. Apostolos Vellios, Eric Lichaj and Hildeberto Pereira scored for the hosts. Lukas Jutkiewicz headed a goal back for Birmingham City. Bendtner required oxygen as he was carried off on a stretcher.
Petersen was still there at the close on 105, with captain Steven Croft on 34, as the Division One leaders ground out 298-3 from 96 overs. Teenager Haseeb Hameed fell 11 short of a second successive Championship ton on 89.
The Dow Jones was unchanged at 21,409.07 and the S&P 500 edged down 0.08% to 2,425.53. The Nasdaq rose 0.3% to 6,193.3. Wall Street has generally climbed this year.
PM says leaving the EU would see prices rise and threaten jobs. He said being in the union helped working people and British manufacturing. Meanwhile, more than 300 business figures have signed a letter in support of Leave.
1980 - First Olympic medals Coe won gold in the 1,500m in Moscow. 1984 - First man to win successive 1,500m golds. 1992 - Entered Parliament after retiring from athletics in 1990. 2005 - London secured Olympics under Coe's leadership.
Kamdjo played in only five games for Forest Green last season. The 25-year-old made 33 appearances on loan at Boreham Wood.
Emmanuel Eboue banned for two months after failing to pay agent fee. Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce said the club were "completely in the dark" The 32-year-old joined the Black Cats until the end of the season on 9 March.
Gordon Thomson, 37, said he splashed two basins of water on Russell Findlay. He also told the High Court in Glasgow that one of the accused, William Burns, 56, was at the scene. Mr Burns and Alexander Porter deny attacking the paper's investigations editor.
Vauxhall is investigating the problem, but has not yet issued a full recall. The alarm was raised by three different women, who say their cars burst into flames. Vauxhall has examined 20 such cars which have been burned out.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders say the party establishment is out of touch with voters. But are their concerns valid? Here are answers to four pertinent questions.
LudoSport has opened its first academy teaching seven forms of combat. The sport began eight years ago in Italy but has only just come to England. Instructor Jordan Court said people were already "hooked"
A 68-year-old man from Bournemouth died after a crash on the A31. His Vauxhall Astra collided with a Nissan Juke near Corfe Mullen. The road was closed for more than five hours after the crash.
Shell stopped Arctic exploration more than two years ago after problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures. The Anglo-Dutch company wants to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep.
Carl Langdell admitted the murder of Katie Locke at St Albans Crown Court. The 23-year-old was found dead at Theobolds Park Hotel in Waltham Cross. Langdell was remanded in custody and will be sentenced on 18 April.
His arrest over the death of model Reeva Steenkamp has stunned the country where he is considered a national hero. The 26-year-old is due to appear in court on Friday. Mr Pistorius made history in London last year when he became the first double-amputee track athlete to compete in the Olympic
The crackdown began last month when Turkish ISPs were told to cut off the virtual private networks people use to hide where they go. Many are changing the way they connect to Tor to avoid the block. Activists said the block moved Turkey's net censorship policies from "moderate" to "severe"
The Uruguayan made just six league appearances for Boro. He ended last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo.
Rugby union is looking for a breakthrough into the national consciousness. Japan is traditionally the strongest rugby union power in Asia. But the sport lags behind in about 10th spot in the nation's popularity league. The first stage of 2019 preparation is already under way.
Jihadists seized buildings on the eastern edge of Tadmur on Thursday. But push was reportedly halted by the Syrian army. Syria's antiquities chief warned that if IS seizes site it will destroy everything there. The group has ransacked and demolished several ancient sites in Iraq.
The Co-op said the contractors were made aware of their mistake. Spokesman said they would amend the spelling "as quickly as possible"
Bath take on Leicester in the centenary of the first meeting between the two sides. The West country club ruled the roost at The Rec until the 1990s. Leicester arrived as champions and are potentially on the cusp of a revival.
Nottingham City Council introduced levy to pay for transport improvements. Many employers have decided to pass on some or all of the charge to staff. Bristol City Council is considering a similar scheme.
Steve McClaren led Newcastle to six wins in 28 Premier League matches. The former England boss was replaced by Rafa Benitez in March. Newcastle were relegated to the Championship under McClaren.
Celtic face Aberdeen in the Scottish League Cup final on Saturday. The Bhoys can win the treble - for only the third time in their history. Roberts is due to return to parent side Manchester City in the summer.
Building opened in 1865 as a hotel, but was later bought by a group of philanthropists who founded the university. Plans include creating a "cultural quarter" based around the Old College.
Councils in England will trial the pilot scheme at local elections in 2018. Government said it would "ensure the integrity" of the electoral system. 18 councils, including Bradford and Birmingham, will take part in the pilot. Different types of ID, including driving licences, passports and utility bills.
Mullaney (113) plus Riki Wessels (81) and Samit Patel's (85) century partnership saw Notts beyond 300. Surrey will resume on Monday with openers Rory Burns and Arun Harinath looking to give them a foothold.
Businessman Jeffrey Spector, 54, died on Friday following a six-year illness. He was surrounded by friends and family at a meal shortly before his death. His wife Elaine and three daughters said they respected his decision.
Since 2010 there have been 2,000 road accidents in the UK. 1,500 because of cars passing too closely. 180 horses and 36 riders have died as a result of these accidents.
Toby Harnden's book focuses on the death of Lt Colonel Rupert Thorneloe in 2009. It was published in amended form after the first print run was destroyed by the MoD.
Universities will have "primary responsibility" for meeting disabled students' needs. In 2012-13, they provided £146m to 64,500 higher education students. The National Deaf Children's Society said it was "bitterly disappointed"
Author Dominic Greyer was selling merchandise for his book 'Lesser Spotted Britain' He was asked to cover up coasters, mugs and tea-towels featuring saucier-named towns. The author said he was approached by a male organiser who described some of the material as 'unacceptable'
Conor Murray accused Glasgow of targeting him in European game. Munster were later cleared of any wrongdoing by Champions Cup organisers. Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has promised more of the same on Saturday.
Around 3,200 women will take part, with half of them shifting a tenth of their body weight. Experts said the trials were vital as it was still unclear if weight made a difference.
Germany beat Mexico 4-1 to reach Confederations Cup final. Marco Fabin, Timo Werner, Amin Younes and Jonas Hector scored for Germany. Mexico had plenty of chances to come back into the game at 2-0 down but squandered them. Joachim Low left most of his regular star players at home
zzard ran 27 marathons in 27 hours to raise money for charity. The 54-year-old attempted a similar feat in South Africa in 2012. He finished beneath a giant statue of Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg.
Norwich are second in the Championship after 1-0 win over Ipswich. Neil Howson's first-half goal was enough to secure victory. The Canaries have kept clean sheets in their last two home games.
Andrea Nalini (Crotone) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Diego Falcinelli scored a second for the minnows after Lazio's Felipe Anderson was fouled. Ciro Immobile pulled one back from the penalty spot. Andrea Bastos sent
Grant will play the head of British Naval Intelligence in the film. The Man From U.N.C.L.E. TV series ran from 1964 to 1968.
Nigeria has seen two consecutive quarters of declining growth. Its vital oil industry has been hit by weaker global prices. But the government says there has been strong growth in other sectors. Outside the oil industry, the fall in the Nigerian currency has hurt the economy.
The Dow Jones rose 0.6% to 19,912.7, and the S&P 500 rose 0.7% to 2,280.07. Small-company stocks outpaced the rest of the market. Healthcare, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards.
Nicholas George Winton oversaw the Czech Kindertransport. It brought Jewish children from German-occupied Czechoslovakia to safety in the UK. He worked tirelessly to ensure money was raised and homes were found.
There were 15 escapes from prisons in 2016-17 - up by two on the year before. Number of prisoners released by mistake rose by seven to 71 - highest ever. 97 self-inflicted deaths in the year to June 2017 - down 10 on previous year. Overall, the performance of prisons appears to have worsened
The design of the sterling silver piece was approved by his parents. It bears the heraldic royal arms and the year 2014. George's birth and his christening were also marked with commemorative coins.
In 1929, the North East Coast Exhibition was opened by the Prince of Wales. The Prince said: "The industries of the North are not yet knocked out of the ring" More than four million people passed through the turnstiles that year. Unfortunately, that "northern punch" would fall victim to the economic
The body of Omar Omran was found at an apartment in Dublin on Monday. His mother Maha Al Adheem appeared at Dublin District Court on Thursday. The 42-year-old was remanded in custody until next week.
Mario Mandzukic, on his 31st birthday, turned home Juan Cuadrado's cross from close range to give the perennial champions an early lead. Paulo Dybala curled home a brilliant free-kick and Alex Sandro headed in a third via the crossbar. Massimiliano Allegri
Ayoze Perez opened the scoring for Newcastle with a flicked finish. Chancel Mbemba and Dwight Gayle added second-half goals. Jack Grealish's late strike secured the title for Rafael Benitez's side.
Inderjit Singh Dhariwal, 49, was injured at Samsons in the early hours of Sunday. Nicolas Salhan, 36, and Jonathan Davies, 42, have been charged.
In the shadow of a Scottish independence vote, opportunities for Yorkshire have never been greater. David Cameron, George Osborne and Nick Clegg have all lugged their soapboxes to Yorkshire. It is more likely to be channelled through groups of existing bodies.
Newcraighall Village and Duddingston Park South are both set to launch later this year. Barratt Homes will also build a total of 102 affordable homes between the two developments.
Page, 25, was beaten to gold by Canada's Rosannagh MacLennan. World champion Li Dan of China took bronze, while Katherine Driscoll came sixth. This is the first time British women have reached the final of trampoline.
Jamie Vardy opened the scoring with a brilliant 25-yard strike. The England striker then sealed the victory when he turned home Shinji Okazaki's deflected shot. Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet touched an Okazaki header onto the bar in the first half. Moments before Vardy's second, the hosts should
Witches' marks were often carved near entrances to medieval buildings. Heritage agency Historic England says too little is known about them. This Halloween it is calling for people to document the marks.
Site owner RWE NPower reassured people tower was still standing. It came the day after the remains of the boiler house were demolished.
Cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August. The Isle of Wight Council welcomed the plan.
In 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits, with 29 cancelled due to bad weather and itinerary changes. Investigations into plans for a cruise liner berth off Guernsey are due to form part of the harbour master plan.
Tim Husbands was in charge of Titanic Belfast when it opened in 2012. In its first year, 800,000 people from 128 countries toured the east Belfast building. He was awarded an MBE for services to economic development and tourism.
Steven Dunne, 42, failed to return to secure low unit on Wednesday. He later handed himself in to police in Manchester, where he is in custody. In November 2010, Dunne admitted manslaughter of Gordon Stalker on grounds of diminished responsibility.
Sue Sim is the first woman to lead Northumbria Police. She led the hunt for murderer Raoul Moat in 2010. Ms Sim is retiring to spend more time with her family.
Simeon Akinola and John Akinde scored to give Barnet victory. Joe Fryer saved Akinde's penalty with nine minutes remaining. Hartlepool move up to second in the table, two points behind Barnet.
The 26-year-old tore cartilage in his knee during the defeat by Chelsea. Kirchhoff was making only his eighth appearance of the season. Sunderland are 18th in the Premier League and one point from safety.
Striker will also miss Austria's game in Serbia on Sunday. Sturm Graz striker Deni Alar Harnik is the team's most-capped player.
Four-time cup winners Forest have failed to progress past the third round for the past 11 seasons. Manager George Montanier says cup competitions are the only way to get into the Europa League.
Flybe plane was carrying 62 passengers from Exeter. It declared a full emergency and landed safely at Edinburgh.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited in September. The poppy arch segment, Wave, consists of 5,800 ceramic poppies. Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket only.
Thomas Hitzlsperger is the first German footballer to publicly reveal his homosexuality. Lukas Podolski, Arne Friedrich and Gary Lineker among those to tweet their support. Former German FA president Theo Zwanziger said: "Finally, a footballer has the courage to make his sexuality public"
Military Reaction Force was the subject of a BBC Panorama programme last November. Former members said the unit had shot people who may have been unarmed. The unit was disbanded in 1973, after 18 months.
dispersal order follows complaints over gangs of young adults gathering in Llangefni. Power allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave. Order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday.
Jamie Cox attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth, south London. Cox denied assault but was found guilty after a trial at Croydon Magistrates' Court. The 29-year-old boxer was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison. He was ordered to pay £1,105 in compensation
State department officials and Mr Bae's sister were quoted as saying the 45-year-old had been returned from a hospital to the camp on 20 January. Mr Bae, a Korean-American, was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced to 15 years' hard labour in May.
Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool's South and Central Piers and Llandudno Pier. The company said it was "restructuring its assets" Individual guide prices for the piers are £4.8m for Blackpool Central.
Domingo has been in the role since May 2013 and his contract ends in August. South Africa will play three one-day internationals, three Twenty20 games and four Test matches against England. Domingo's side are currently ranked third in Tests.
Security expert Paul Moore examined publicly available information of UK's six biggest ISPs. He said he found plenty of bugs that could be exploited by hackers. But he said most ISPs had been in contact with him and worked to tighten security.
Competition and Markets Authority said some punters did not get the deal they expected from sign-up promotions. The CMA also said the firms were "unfairly holding onto people's money" Online gambling sector has grown by 150% since 2009 and is worth £4.5bn.
Inquest into death of Lil' Chris, whose real name was Chris Hardman, adjourned. The 24-year-old singer was found dead in Lowestoft, Suffolk, in March. His family said he struggled with mental health issues and depression.
Northern Ireland lost 1-0 to Poland in their opening Euro 2016 game. But Michael O'Neill's side were good at defending and compact. Northern Ireland are not as strong as Poland or Germany in Group C.
Up to one in five people have trouble with maths, affecting everyday activities such as telling the time and managing money. Neuroscientists believe that activity within the parietal lobe plays a crucial role in this ability.
Andrew Platten, 55, died at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road, Bingley. West Yorkshire Police said officers had tried to stop the car after seeing the driver "acting suspiciously" A 22-year-old Bradford man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
Ed Snowden, a 29-year-old former technical worker for the CIA, has revealed himself to be the source of the leaks. According to the documents, Prism enabled "backdoor" access to the servers of nine major technology companies. It is not known whether other governments around the world have been either aware
Northern Ireland's world number three is due to tee off with Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler on Thursday. McIlroy currently leads the Race to Dubai rankings with just three tournaments remaining.
Ian Bell will step down as captain of Warwickshire's Championship side. The 35-year-old is to be replaced by former England batsman Jonathan Trott. Warwickshire are bottom of the Division One Championship table. Bell last played for England in November 2015.
More than 80 people died when a lorry struck crowds celebrating Bastille Day. Interior ministry says there were 64 members of the national police on the seafront. But Nice city hall believes some national police had been replaced by municipal police.
Hamilton struggled to fourth behind the Ferraris of title leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen. Hamilton was more than half a second slower than Bottas in qualifying. Valtteri Bottas joined Mercedes over the winter following the retirement of world champion Nico Rosberg.
Mr Besigye is running against Mr Museveni in the presidential elections for the fourth time, after losing his previous three attempts. He promised in an interview in 2013 that he would not run again but would use other means "to dismantle the dictatorship" But in 2015, he changed his mind. His campaign rallies for the
Haydn Harwood, 33, says the spiders are in "every nook and cranny" of his house. He asked a friend for help to exterminate them but within three months the colony had returned. Mr Harwood said he has asked Cardiff council for help.
Ulster Bank's profits include a £27m write-back for impairment charges. These are the first performance figures since a corporate reorganisation in 2015. In March, the bank said it would close nine of its 64 branches from October.
The victim's body was found at Hedderley Walk, near St Ann's Well Road. Several roads in the area were sealed off and officers carried out extra patrols.
Sir Tim Hunt reportedly told a conference in South Korea women in labs "cry" He told the BBC he "did mean" the remarks but was "really sorry" The society said Sir Tim's comments did not reflect its own views.
Nearly 1.85 million requests for support were made last year, figures show. But just over 650,000 people received help, according to the Health and Social Care Information Centre. Councils have been warning for a number of years that a shortage of funding is causing problems.
Bolivian air traffic controller says she warned of fuel problems. Celia Castedo says she was ordered to change her report. 71 people died when the plane ran out of fuel in Colombia.
Wu Shuoyan, 37, was allegedly beaten to death by members of the Church of the Almighty God. She was killed for refusing to hand over her phone number to the cult. One of the defendants, Zhang Lidong, showed no remorse for the killing.
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have been feuding for three years. Swift finally put her music on Spotify on Friday - the same day Katy released her album. The pair are not the first musicians to publicly lock horns.
First Minister Carwyn Jones was among the many to hold up a candle for the silence. There are over 2,000 French people living in south Wales registered with the consulate in London. Marie Brousseau-Navarro, Honorary Consul of France in Cardiff, said messages of support had been touching.
The 58-year-old moved from his position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year. Spireites director Ashley Carson said the role was now "redundant"
A further £475,540 was spent in the first three months of 2015/16. A review was conducted in April 2014, but ministers said they do not publish the results of internal audits. All internal audits are shared with the public spending watchdog.
Pentland Studios project would offer studio space and production facilities in the Straiton area of the city. Creative Scotland has ringfenced £1m towards the cost of a Scottish studio, while the Scottish government has pledged a further £2m loan.
Leith made her last appearance during the series finale on Friday night. She said she had enjoyed "eating and judging the very best in modern British cooking" Regular judges Matthew Fort and Oliver Peyton will return for 12th series.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game in the 89th minute. The win means Egypt play Ghana on Wednesday with top spot in Group D still at stake. Uganda are out of their first tournament since 1978.
Oxford City Council is consulting on new dog control orders. Owners could be banned from parks and dogs could be put on a lead. A report is presented to the council's executive board in March.
President Mugabe's ruling Zanu-PF party is riven with fresh divisions over who will succeed him. The 92-year-old has long considered talk of a future in which he is absent as tantamount to treason. But the evidence of misrule is all around and if they can no longer afford to
The Grade II-listed building will become an information centre for prospective students. A number of courses will also be taught there.
Rare magnitude-four earthquake hit Greenland's west coast on Sunday. Surge of water swept away homes and led to reports of people missing. Rescuers used liferafts to sweep the area after 39 people were evacuated.
A man died at the scene and another man is in a critical condition. The road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours.
Theresa May will be the first foreign leader to meet Donald Trump after his inauguration. Nato, the EU, defence and Russia are all likely to be discussed in the meeting. Hundreds of thousands of people joined women's marches to protest Mr Trump's presidency.
Patrick Kennedy asked the bureau to unclassify the message. He made the request in relation to an email about the 2012 attacks on the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. The FBI said it did not change the classification level. A colleague said he had been contacted by Mr Kennedy asking him to change
Deutsche Bank said a monthly travelcard costs £135 ($174) in London. The survey also found the cost of travel in the capital dropped since 2014. London taxis fared slightly better, ranked 20th in a list of 47 cities. Wellington, in New Zealand, was ranked as the best city to live
Gillingham have signed eight players so far this summer. The Gills finished 20th in League One last season. Manager Joe Pennock wants to bring in two or three more players.
Lionsgate has added more than 100 titles to Steam's online store. The Hunger Games, Twilight, and Saw franchises will be available. It is the first large-scale agreement with a major production company.
Among those detained is his brother-in-law and one of the two pilots who flew Guzman to his home state. Guzman, head of the Sinaloa cartel, escaped from a high-security prison through a specially dug tunnel. Mexico's attorney general said a member of Guzman's legal team, described
Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries. It will also have community facilities which will be available to the public.
VAT Flat Rate Scheme makes it easy to work out the VAT you have to pay. The government is concerned that some businesses are using it to pay less VAT than is appropriate. This will affect businesses that use the scheme but which spend very little on goods, including raw materials.
All pupils in England should study maths, English, science, geography and a modern language at GCSE. But some young people "will find it a problem," says Sir Michael Wilshaw.
Base will be home to HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales. The new jetty was built in the 1920s and last upgraded in the 1970s. It forms part of a £100m infrastructure package to prepare base.
Stuart Hamilton, 37, was last seen by friends and family two weeks ago. Hamilton, from Gorgie in Edinburgh, was seen on CCTV at Haymarket Station. He was then spotted by a former colleague near Buckingham Palace in London.
The angel shark, once widespread across Europe, is now listed as critically endangered. There have been increasing sightings off the Welsh coast. Fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of the shark.
Video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs. Officials there say that the lava isn't putting any towns in danger.
Denis O'Brien obtained the injunction to stop RT from reporting details of his personal finances and relationship with former Anglo Irish Bank. Judge granted permission for the media to report details about his finances made under privilege in the Dil. RT lawyers said as a result there was no need for the injunction
Sergio Henao has been contacted by cycling's governing body and an anti-doping agency. Team Sky stressed Henao had not failed a doping test. Henao signed with Team Sky in 2012 and finished in the top 10 in his first Grand Tour, the 2012 Giro d'Italia.
Kevin Patrick Dawes, 33, was abducted in 2012 as he entered Syria. US officials believe the Syrian government or an affiliated group was holding him. Russia has been backing the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
Patrick Finucane was shot dead in front of his wife and children in 1989. Sir Desmond de Silva's review found agents of the state were involved. His widow Geraldine has dismissed the report as a "sham" and a "whitewash"
Scottish FA regulations prohibit players from betting on any football. Henry McClelland and Lewis Horner were this week charged by the national body with gambling offences. Wishart admits he is uncertain whether the existing regulations are adequate.
Jason Van Dyke was heckled as he arrived at court where he denied six counts of first-degree murder. Video released earlier this year showing the shooting of Laquan McDonald sparked an outcry and the resignation of the chief of police.
Independent Media said redundancies among editorial staff would be made. But it said there would also be 25 new "digital-only" roles. Independent has also confirmed it will sell its sister title, i, to Johnston Press.
Gills made enquiry for Byrne before Edinburgh changed his mind. Edinburgh opted to end the pursuit out of respect for his old club. Newport confirm release of defender Matt Taylor.
Northern Ireland's old plastic fiver was introduced in 2000. Bank of England says new polymer notes are cleaner and safer. But a well-known internet auction site is asking for £125 for the plastic note.
Reg Foggerdy disappeared last month while hunting a feral camel in Western Australia. Police trackers found him sitting under a tree on 12 October, around 9 miles from where he went missing. A diabetic who recently had a heart attack, he said he had given up hope. Wearing only a T-shirt
Sadio Mane scored twice in the space of 138 seconds as Liverpool beat Spurs. "If you start a game like we start then it is very difficult," said Pochettino. Chelsea can extend their lead at the top if they beat Burnley on Sunday.
Activists say most of Khalidiya is under army control. Announcement comes a month after troops launched an offensive to oust rebels from Homs. Homs has been one of the focuses of a two-year uprising against President Bashar al-Assad.
Arsenal midfielder was with a friend who was returning home. The man is understood to have arrived late for his flight back to Germany. It is at this point that the racial abuse is alleged to have occurred.
Alexander Ankvab reportedly retreated to his home town Gudauta, 25 miles away, when talks with the opposition broke down. Many people in the Russian-backed region are unhappy with the ailing economy and lack of reforms. But Abkhazian nationalist feeling is also fuelling the unrest.
Anagha Nikam was travelling by rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her baby daughter. She tweeted to the ministry and asked for help, and milk was provided at the next station. The ministry is known for being proactive on Twitter, and has helped many distressed passengers in the past
Mental health campaigners Time to Change said the video played into a "sad and tired" stereotype. The BBC has contacted Kasabian for a response.
London-based private doctor Mark Bonar prescribed banned performance-enhancing drugs to over 150 British athletes including footballers. Arsenal said they were "extremely disappointed" by the publication of the claims, "which are without foundation" Chelsea added they have "never used the services of Dr Bonar and have no knowledge or record
More than 8,000 signatures needed to force a referendum on the issue. There are currently 17 directly-elected mayors in England with more on the way. But Labour councillor Ashley Govier said the debate has "moved on" Cardiff Labour said it was "willing to take the lead from public opinion"
Gosport's Fort Blockhouse and HMS Sultan are among 91 sites to close. Borough council said loss of more than 1,000 sailors would affect economy. Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon announced closures on Monday.
Parents of the girls say many of their children are still missing. Boko Haram is waging a bloody campaign for an Islamic state in northern Nigeria. Ban Ki-moon condemned the "shocking" mass abduction.
HMRC said the plant could have cost taxpayers nearly £138m a year. Four lorry loads of tobacco, cigarettes and packing materials seized. Ten men, aged between 26 and 40 from Brazil and Paraguay, were detained.
Inspector Zoe Billingham said Surrey showed a "commendably strong commitment to keeping people safe from harm" But she said the way the force investigates more complex crime requiring specialist investigations is still not good enough. She said the force needed to improve its understanding of the threat posed by organised crime.
The global iPlayer app was first made available as an iOS app in 2011. subscription fees to watch programmes via the app in Western Europe, Australia and Canada. However, it never came to the US. Reports suggest American pay-TV operators had threatened to drop the BBC America channel if the app had launched locally
Hammersmith's Margravine Cemetery reception house given Grade II listing. Historic England said the store was "ghoulish and absolutely fascinating" Families unable to immediately pay for a burial contributed to cholera outbreaks.
Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests in the past. This year's logo is based on the Nazi emblem, with a T instead of a swastika. It encouraged many comparisons between the US president and Nazism.
Bernie's supporters are using the dating app Tinder to spread the Bernie gospel. The hashtag #demdebate has been used more than 600,000 times over the past 24 hours. Hillary Clinton is commonly called '#HRC' by supporters, a term which has featured in more than 49,700 tweets.
James Chester scored the winning penalty for Vale. Richard Duffy was the only player to miss from the spot. Salomon Rondon hit the crossbar for West Brom.
The 29-year-old joined the U's on a free in May 2015. He has made only six appearances for the League Two side. Keane spent part of last season on loan at Stevenage.
Two men broke into the farm house near to Corsock, Castle Douglas. They stole a number of war medals, gold watches and antiques. Police said the robbers may have been "casing" the property before the raid.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon: "My thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident" Prime Minister David Cameron: "I'm being kept fully briefed on the major incident in Glasgow" Church of Scotland Moderator John Chalmers: "For the second year in a row Glaswegians will have to dig deep into their reserves
England beat South Africa 24-22 to win Rugby World Cup. Ben Earl, Alex Mitchell and Josh Bayliss scored tries for England. Scotland took fifth place with a 24-17 victory over Australia. Wales beat Italy 25-24 to finish seventh, while Ireland beat hosts Georgia 24-18 for ninth.
Crash happened between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services. Two northbound lanes were also closed by Northamptonshire Police. Traffic was being turned around in an attempt to get it off the motorway.
Abramovic is spending 512 hours interacting with the public at the show, held in three completely empty rooms. Phones, cameras and even watches are banned, as she takes people by the hand and encourages them to spend time focusing on the bare white walls. After half-an-hour, the gallery was filled
Talks are being held to restore the power-sharing executive at Stormont. Sinn Féin and the DUP now have three weeks to reach a deal. If a government cannot be formed within that time, another election can be called.
Ross-shire Engineering has secured the potential investment across the next five years. The firm has already created 100 new jobs to allow it meet the needs of Scottish Water. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visited the company's premises near Inverness on Monday.
Marie Logie's body was found in her first-floor flat in Leven. She had last been seen alive at 08:00 that day. Mrs Logie had sustained head injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Series of fast-spreading fires, mostly in Chile's central region, are being fanned by strong winds. One town, Santa Olga, has been destroyed by the blaze.
Israel insists fewer than 100 homes have been approved for settlement. Palestinians welcome Washington's criticism but say it must take action. About 570,000 Israelis live in more than 100 settlements built since 1967.
Three children were placed in foster care after couple's arrest in 2015. Mr Justice Cobb said he was suspicious the parents were going to areas controlled by so-called Islamic State. But he said their "attitude" had "genuinely changed" and he concluded that the children should return home. Details
Chainmakers held a national strike in 1910 demanding a minimum wage. It lasted for ten weeks and is credited with changing the lives of thousands of workers earning poor wages. Artist Luke Perry, from a family of chainmakers, has created the statue after more than two years.
Somalia's al-Shabab militants believed to be recruiting heavily in Kenya. Report warns failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation. Nearly a third of children interviewed said they were forced to enlist.
Car collided with a lorry on the Legacorry Road in County Tyrone. Woman driving the car is in a critical condition in hospital. Moor Road in Coalisland has been closed following a two-vehicle crash.
Midwives in Northern Ireland are striking over a 1% pay rise. The Department of Health said they had the same settlement as colleagues in England. Midwives in England, Scotland and Wales received the pay rise last year.
Two boys arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images. Both have been bailed pending further inquiries.
Police found Kevin Malthouse in the early hours of Saturday morning. The 24-year-old had been stabbed in the chest and died at the scene. Jack Taylor, 18, from Grays, has been charged with his murder.
The conscript opened fire in June 2014 at his post near the North Korean border. He was captured two days later after he shot himself during a tense stand-off with troops. The 23-year-old recruit, surnamed Im, was found guilty of killing and injuring his comrades by detonating
Japanese carmaker's investment will allow production of vehicles using its new global manufacturing system. Burnaston made about 180,000 vehicles last year, most of which are exported to Europe and other markets. The government is providing £21.3m in funding for training, research and development.
Funding via Sport Wales has fallen by 14% in the past seven years. Football Association of Wales Trust says this is a 'public health issue' Welsh Government says it is 'totally committed' to making Wales more active.
Helen Zille will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019. Ms Zille, a former journalist, has led the party since 2007. She has been a staunch defender of South Africa's liberal constitution.
The 25-year-old suffered a bleed on the brain in a loss to Eubank in March. Blackwell was put in an induced coma after the fight. Eubank Jr has offered to give Blackwell his British title belt.
Police officer told Karen and Jay Priest their son Justin had been killed. They drove to his girlfriend's home to tell her, but he greeted them at the door. Juneau police have apologised for the momentary anguish.
The 23-year-old joined QPR from Swindon in May. He has only made three appearances for the Championship club.
UK's Advocate General says Holyrood should be consulted before talks begin. But Lord Keen said that was "fatally undermined" by powers reserved to Westminster. Scotland's top law officer is due to put the case for Holyrood having a say later this week.
A man in his 60s died in Coleraine on Tuesday. Police arrested a 25-year-old man in connection with the death.
Mr Adams has denied any involvement in the murder of Mr Donaldson in 2006. The allegations were made in a BBC Spotlight programme on Tuesday. A lawyer for the Donaldson family spoke to the BBC on Friday.
Maj Gen James Johnston faced with 40,000 prisoners at Bergen-Belsen camp. He set up a hospital to treat them for typhus, TB and starvation. His son, Anthony Johnston, said: "He had to deal with people dying by the hundreds every day"
The device was discovered on Foreglen Road following a telephone call to a local hospital. The road has reopened after a security alert in the area.
Rosberg was 0.275 seconds quicker than Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen. The Red Bulls of Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo close behind. Hamilton failed to complete a clean lap on his qualifying simulation.
Camau Bach closed temporarily earlier this year after a boy was left unattended on a minibus for two hours. As an extra security precaution, the height of existing gates would be raised.
B&Q has 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff. The company had already announced that it was looking for a strategic partner to develop its business in China.
Chrystia Freeland left the talks in Brussels, saying the EU was "not capable" of signing a trade agreement. Belgium, the only country blocking accord, needed consent from the regional parliament of Wallonia. The wide-ranging deal, seven years in the making, was to be signed next week
Event held as community prepares to mark 50th anniversary of Aberfan disaster. It killed 116 children and 28 adults when a coal waste tip slid on to a school. People in the audience felt moved to stand up and tell their own stories.
Last year's runner-up will bid to become the first top weight to triumph since Red Rum in 1974. Vieux Lion Rouge and Definitly Red are among the favourites with bookmakers expecting up to £300m to be wagered on the race. Travel for racegoers was expected to be disrupted as workers at
Ex-Norwich and Peterborough man became a professional boxer in 2013. He has a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights.
Red-throated diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in North Uist. Birds are on the RSPB's amber list after a recent decline in numbers. RSPB: Plastic bags can kill birds if they eat, or become entangled in one.
Man in his 30s found off Promenade Street in Heywood on Thursday. He was pronounced dead at the scene and police are treating the death as suspicious.
Labour MP for Bassetlaw, John Mann, said a 'divide in Britain' had been exposed. Mansfield voted most strongly to leave, with 70.9% backing the EU. Rushcliffe, which includes West Bridgford and Bingham, was the only area to vote for Remain.
Roma are back within six points of leaders Juventus. AC Milan overtook rivals Inter into sixth place with a 4-0 win over Palermo. Udinese beat Genoa 3-0 and Torino beat Cagliari 3-2.
Fiona Hyslop had been accused of 'cronyism' after £150,000 was given to DF Concerts. Former SNP aide had set up a meeting between her and the festival organisers. But Audit Scotland has now concluded there was a "clear rationale for the grant"
2000 Olympic super-heavyweight champion says "all the cards are in Joshua's favour" Harrison likens Anthony Joshua to George Foreman and Frank Bruno. Joshua takes on American Charles Martin in London on Saturday.
The All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party, or AIADMK, has been playing a crucial role in providing political stability in Tamil Nadu. Jayalalitha's death has triggered an air of uncertainty among the 75 million Tamils. The smooth transition of power has surprised everyone, but
Remains of a man aged between 30 and 49 were found close to the M54 motorway in Shropshire, in August. West Mercia Police said two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a Kara, a Sikh symbol - were found inside a jacket that was also uncovered. There have been no matches with DNA
Insurgents targeted those leaving Friday prayers at the base's mosque. At least 10 Taliban militants were also killed in the fighting. The Afghan government has declared Sunday a day of national mourning.
Great to beat a team as strong as France to reach the semis of the Davis Cup. I'd obviously love to go on and win it, but Australia will be extremely difficult in September. The Davis Cup crowds at Queen's Club and in Glasgow this year have been unbelievable.
The Balkan migrant route to western Europe has been closed. But that hasn't stopped people seeking a way into western Europe. Many are still heading across the border from Bulgaria to Serbia.
Former Dundee United boss keen to take on Rangers, Hearts and Hibs. Falkirk reached play-off semi-final last season but lost to Academical. Houston won Scottish Cup as Dundee United manager in 2010.
A man was pulled from the water by the RNLI's Penlee Inshore Lifeboat. A crew member swam to the man and "recovered him" He was airlifted to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro and pronounced dead.
Johnston's goal put Kilcoo 1-6 to 0-6 up early in the second half. Francis Caulfield and Brian McGinnity were sent off late on.
Helen Jenkins and Jody Stimpson are battling for a place in Team GB. Holland and Jenkins' compatriot Stanford pre-qualified for the team in 2015. Jenkins won the world title in 2008 and 2011, and represented GB at two Olympic games.
Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar and Housing Minister Simon Coveney are early favourites for the post. The leadership contest will begin on Thursday, with the new taoiseach to be announced on 2 June. Mr Coveney has made no secret of his desire to lead his party.
Poppi Worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow. A second inquest was ordered after a seven-minute hearing in 2014. It was due to be held in Kendal from 15 May and will be rescheduled for October. Her father, Paul Worthington, has been unable to secure legal aid in
United Launch Alliance plans to retire its Atlas and Delta rockets. First-stage booster will feature an all-new, all-American liquid-fuelled engine. This will enable ULA to end its use of Russian-made RD-180 motors. Politicians on Capitol Hill dislike the fact that American national security
Steven Rodriguez, better known as A$AP Yams or Yamhini, died aged 26 on 18 January at Brooklyn's Woodhull Medical Centre. New York Times reports that his death was caused by acute mixed drug intoxication. Opiates and benzodiazepines were found in his system and it was ruled an accident
Photos on the internet appear to show Diouf in a nightclub. Rovers lost the match at St Mary's 2-0. Diouf has scored six goals in 22 games since joining the club.
Aberdeen host Maribor in the third qualifying round of the Europa League. The Slovenian club have knocked Hibernian, Rangers and Celtic out of Europe in recent seasons. Dons boss Derek McInnes insists his players are not daunted by the prospect.
Henrik Stenson will play with Matt Fitzpatrick against Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka. Justin Rose partners Chris Wood against Jimmy Walker and Zach Johnson. Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters take on Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler.
Rents for grade A offices have risen to £15.50-per-sq ft over the past year. But they are still well below the UK average of £24. It is claimed that the prospect of a relatively low financial return is acting as a barrier.
Level seven is the highest possible rating for an environmental release of radioactive material. Fukushima incident upgraded to a level seven on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES) This puts it on a par with Chernobyl.
The helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person in the Daventry area. Pilot Paul Atherton said it was "very distracting" Officers were unable to find out who was responsible.
LipNet watches video of a person speaking and matches the movement of their mouths with the text. Experts said the system needed to be tested in real-life situations.
PM has met with leaders of the U.S., Japan and EU to discuss Britain's future. She has said the UK is 'dependable', 'outward looking' and a bastion of free trade. But she has also made it clear that the country will leave the European Union
Cane toads introduced to Australia in the 1930s to control sugar cane pests. The subsequent spread has been unstoppable, devastating the continent's animals. Researchers tracked down wild lizards before the toads descended. Young toads made the lizards sick, but were not toxic enough to do lasting harm
Match subject of investigation into suspicious betting patterns. Pakistan collapse from 132-2 to 208 all out before England triumph. ICC declined to confirm or deny that it was investigating the game.
Google says it wants to focus on formats that work well for both users and advertisers. Long unskippable adverts are seen as a nuisance by many viewers. One media agency said the move reflected the difference between online video and linear television.
Chris Coleman names 23-man squad for June friendly with England. Gareth Bale set to win his 50th Wales cap against Chris Coleman's side. Wales are currently second in Euro 2016 qualifying group B.
Christian-run Ashers said losing the case would have wide-reaching consequences. The Equality Commission has set aside a fund of up to £40,000 to pay for legal costs. No indication has been given when the judgement will be issued.
European Athletics set up a taskforce to look into the credibility of world records in January. Radcliffe said the changes were "heavy handed" and "confusing to the public" The proposals are a response to last year's McLaren report, which uncovered widespread doping in sport.
Patrick Joseph Connors, 59, and three others deny several offences. They are accused of forcing Michael Hughes, 46, and another man, Mr K, to work for tiny sums. Mr Connors senior described how he had met Mr Hughes when he was 18. He said Mr Hughes was paid £20
Kinga Pelc from the east Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday. A man in his 20s remains in a critical condition in hospital. Two other people were taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries.
World Rugby Hall of Fame was launched by ex-England and British and Irish Lions captain Bill Beaumont. World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were among 12 stars inducted in to the "hall" Members of the public will be able to visit from Friday.
Lt Col Lucy Giles, 46, will be at the helm at New College. The academy was founded in 1947 after two older military institutions merged. Married mother-of-two will oversee academic programme and physical training.
Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough was targeted. No-one was injured, and police have not released any details of what was taken. In November, watches and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen during a raid at the store's branch in Yarm.
Stirling's century was his first in a Championship match. He made 111 before falling lbw to Adil Rashid. Robson was dropped on 31 by Jack Brooks.
The incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge. Both boys were described as being white, aged about 14 or 15.
Alex Robinson was drowned in the bath two days before Christmas. Stewart Greene, 65, of Grimoldby, Lincolnshire, denies murder. Dr Philip Joseph told the jury: "In over 30 years, this is one of the most callous killings or murders I have been involved with"
U.S. unemployment rate fell to 4.3% in May, the lowest level since 2001. But payrolls increased by just 138,000, the Labor Department said. Economists had expected growth of more than 180,000. Official job creation figures for March and April were also revised down.
McAnuff joined the Royals in 2009 and has made 172 appearances. The 31-year-old captained Reading in the Premier League last season.
Hong Kong was top averaging 6,880 steps a day, while Indonesia was bottom with just 3,513. Researchers used anonymous data from more than 700,000 people who used the Argus activity monitoring app. The study is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement.
NHS Direct is seeking a'managed transfer' of its 111 contracts. It has already pulled out of two areas - Cornwall and North Essex. The whole 111 service was supposed to be up and running in April. But many areas were not ready and only half of services were operational by May.
The building is to be developed on a site between Longman Road and Burnett Road. Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has said the centre would be an important development.
Cardiff City have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League. The Bluebirds are seven points adrift of the Championship play-off places. Manager Russell Slade insists he is still the man to lead the club.
Next found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-booster. Court ruled Next diverted UK profits to foreign subsidiaries to claim tax relief on overseas profits.
Banksy, Years and Years and Wolf Hall are among nominees for the South Bank Sky Arts Awards. The winners will be announced at London's Savoy Hotel on 5 June.
Bernard Kenny, 78, was stabbed as he intervened when Thomas Mair attacked Mrs Cox. PCs Craig Nicholls and Jonathan Wright - who arrested Mair - have also received Queen's Gallantry Medals. Mrs Cox's senior caseworker, Sandra Major, who witnessed the killing, receives an MBE
Last year, David Smith, 37, of Aviemore, had surgery to remove the tumour. He said it was better than winning gold at the London Paralympics in 2012. The athlete won the medal in rowing.
MI5 is handling in the region of 500 active investigations involving 3,000 "SOIs" There are around 4,000 people at MI5 and they must constantly prioritise and reprioritise. The 7 July 2005 attack on London was earth-shattering for the security service.
Martin crashed at the Isle of Man TT in June while the Honda machine has suffered mechanical problems this year.
Al-Shabab, with its bombs, its medieval values, and blood-curdling threats, feels not just out of place here, but baffling. Despite the 2013 attack at Nairobi's Westgate mall, security in the capital remains noticeably lax. Some would argue that the focus on Kenya is actually a sign
Price fell below 4.8 euros in early trading, before recovering to above 5 euros by late afternoon. Sharp drop in demand for energy has led to a massive oversupply of permits. EU has proposed freezing up to 900 million permits to tackle this oversupply.
Ghana is struggling with a large budget deficit and a widening public debt. Transport Minister Dzifa Attivor resigned following a public outcry over the deal. The contractor, Smartty's Management Limited, has been asked to return excess payment.
The raids came a day after it emerged a Frenchman was being held by police. Mehdi Nemmouche, 29, was arrested at a station in Marseille on Friday. Prosecutors say he has claimed responsibility for the attack.
96 Liverpool fans died in 1989 FA Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest. Fans were crushed against fences and crush barriers at Leppings Lane. Match commander Ch Supt David Duckenfield had a duty of care to fans.
John McIlwaine, 49, worked for the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains. He was in charge of the team that recovered the remains of Danny McIlhone and Charlie Armstrong. 17 people were abducted and murdered by republicans between 1972 and 2003.
Energy firm IGas wants to carry out test drilling on Springs Road, Bassetlaw. Campaign group said the drilling operation would be 'devastating' for wildlife. Nottinghamshire County Council said application did not include fracking plans.
Ten-month-old Laith Atiga started coughing and struggling to breathe. Emergency staff responded to his mother's 999 call, and gave him oxygen. He was taken to the Royal Berkshire Hospital, but an X-ray came back clear. The following day, he became unwell with a fever
U.S. singer Badu was due to perform in Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday. A photo of her with Arabic and Hebrew tattoos appeared in a Malaysian newspaper. Muslim-majority Malaysia has previously warned artists to dress modestly.
Kemp's ridley turtle was one of two found on beaches in December. The other was being looked after at the Lake District Coast Aquarium in Maryport. Aquarium owner Mark Vollers said it had struggled to feed itself.
Heather Knight is heading to Australia to lead Hobart Hurricanes in Women's Big Bash League. The past five months have been some of my most enjoyable and rewarding in an England shirt. As a group we feel like we've come a long way in the past year and a lot of credit has to go
The 27-year-old played three Tests for England rugby union side in 2013. Tomkins joined Saracens at the end of the 2011 season. He is currently recovering from a back injury.
Wildsmith has made 18 appearances for the Owls in all competitions. The 21-year-old had a loan spell with then-League One side Barnsley in 2015.
The 25-year-old scored 25 goals in the National League last season. He returned to Holker Street after a spell at Grimsby in July.
Lancashire reach 465 all out and lead Hampshire by 347. Luke Procter scores 137 and Alviro Petersen adds 81. Hampshire closed on 22-1, 325 runs behind.
England beat Australia 44-40 in the third Test in Sydney. The result completes a series whitewash for the Red Rose. "We weren't at our best," admits England coach Eddie Jones.
The cub will be the first giant panda to be born in Hong Kong. Earlier this year, 10-year-old Ying Ying mated naturally and was also artificially inseminated. Staff at Ocean Park are unsure which method has resulted in the successful pregnancy.
Dozens of people remain in critical condition after the fire at a Bucharest club. Officials say it is possible the number of fatalities could double. Romania has declared three days of national mourning.
Jonathan Baines, 44, was found dead at a house on Ropery Road, Gainsborough. Pamela McLaggan, 51, denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter. She was remanded in custody ahead of sentencing at Lincoln Crown Court.
Ayla Ellison suffered severe brain damage following a 'traumatic' birth. In 2012, Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust admitted staff negligence. At London's High Court it was ruled the trust will pay a tax-free sum every year for the rest of Ayla's life.
Nine-year-old's great-great-uncle had been jailed for sexual abuse in 1990s. Judge said Leicester City Council did not carry out a "robust risk assessment" The boy should be placed into foster care, the judge said.
Joanna Michael, 25, was stabbed to death in her Cardiff home in 2009. IPCC ruled she was failed by South Wales and Gwent Police. Her parents and children won the right to try to sue in 2011. But it was thrown out because police officers have immunity from negligence claims. Supreme Court has
Internet users urged to install privacy software to stop Facebook tracking them. Facebook said it complied with data protection law.
The new series will air a one-off episode at Christmas. Producers have yet to confirm the full cast. The fifth series of Downton Abbey ends on 9 November.
Hammond and May were speaking at a press conference to attack Labour's manifesto. They were asked about reports of a rift between their offices. Mrs May was also pressed to give an endorsement of her chancellor.
Peter Meredith-Smith is director of the Wales board of Community Health Councils. CHCs have been going for 40 years but admit public awareness is 'poor'
The US network said it was "not an easy decision" and had "enormous respect" Set in the 1970s, the series told of a charismatic record executive trying to revive his struggling label. Its ensemble cast included Bobby Cannavale in the lead role, Olivia Wilde as his wife and Sir Mick'
Childline carried out 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide. Callers considered most at risk were aged between 12 and 15. Across the UK as a whole, the number of calls from suicidal children almost doubled from the total five years ago.
Scarborough RNLI boathouse will be home to new £2m Shannon class lifeboat. Building work will begin in autumn and take a year to finish. Plans approved by Scarborough Borough Council's planning committee.
The 30-year-old won in one minute 54.75 seconds in Texas. Phelps was excluded from the World Championships by USA Swimming. He also recorded the year's fastest times to win the 100m and 200m butterfly.
A first device was thrown from the stands after Gauthier Hein had given Metz a 28th-minute lead. Portugal international Lopes, 26, received treatment and was lying on the ground when another firecracker exploded next to him. The Ligue de Football Professionnel (LFP), which manages league football in France
Man, 23, is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. The two men who died, both aged 22, were from the north Staffordshire area. Part of the southbound carriageway was closed for seven hours after the crash.
Margo MacDonald's previous attempt to change the law was defeated in parliament. She said she had learned lessons from her previous attempt. Bill would allow people whose lives became intolerable through a progressive degenerative condition or terminal illness to seek a doctor's help in dying. There are also a series of safeguards which
First time in baseball history fans have been locked out of a game. The game at Camden Yards started at 14:05 EDT due to curfew. Protesters have been on the streets of Baltimore since death of Freddie Gray. Gray, 25, sustained unexplained injuries after a police encounter.
Germany, Australia, Nepal and Pakistan now offer a third gender option on official documents. Do we need to re-imagine our binary world and rethink one of the most basic parts of our identity? Four experts talk to the BBC World Service Inquiry programme.
Right-wing Swiss People's Party wants to introduce strict quotas on immigration. 80,000 immigrants joined Switzerland's population of eight million in 2013. Many Swiss businesses depend on foreign workers from the EU. A yes vote to free movement could have potentially disastrous consequences for the Swiss economy.
Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash at Pandy. The A465 Hereford Road has been shut in both directions.
Ferguson, which went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs, will be renamed Ferguson Marine Engineering.
Ravenscraig steelworks in central Scotland closed in 1992 after a bitter 12-year fight. Workers were given generous compensation and retrained, according to one union leader. Today it is largely a wasteland, the biggest brownfield site in Europe. It is one part of the reason for the success of Donald Trump in
Michael Coe, 35, saw two 16-year-olds hugging and demanded to know if they were Muslims. He then called the girl a 'whore', before throwing the boy to the ground. Coe was radicalised in prison by al-Qaeda terrorist Dhiren Barot in 2007
Those aged 60 and over are the fastest growing population in English and Welsh prisons. Those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing group, says the report. The government said it was "committed to providing suitable facilities"
Man charged with criminal damage, disorderly behaviour and assault on police. He is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates Court on 5 December. Police said it was witnessed by people waiting to pick up prescriptions.
Thousands of people have been forced to take refuge in temporary shelters and mosques. Some have been left homeless after their houses were destroyed. Banda Aceh, the provincial capital, was one of the worst hit areas by the 2004 tsunami.
Armagh defender Aidan Forker and Louth's Anthony Williams were sent-off early in the game. Goals from Ciaran McKeever and Rowland helped Armagh to a 2-5 to 0-6 half-time lead and Jamie Clarke added the third. Antrim eased their relegation worries with CJ McGourty netting in a 1-10 to
Lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 French deaths per year. Paris has struggled for years to combat high levels of smog. Several routes in the capital now have restrictions on car use.
Germany took the lead through Isabel Kerschowski in the first half. But Nadia Nadim equalised for Denmark just before the break. Theresa Nielsen's late header completed the Danes' comeback. It is only Germany's third loss in the 26-year history of the competition.
Earlier this week, he refused to answer the question of whether he believed homosexual sex was a sin. But he told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show he was "passionate about LGBT-plus rights" He also said he wanted to extend the marital rights of transgender people.
Max Schrems wants the Irish Data Protection Commissioner to audit Facebook. The privacy watchdog had previously said the transfers were protected. But a fortnight ago the European Court of Justice ruled the pact invalid.
Robinson was without a club when he joined Blues on a one-month trial deal in September 2012. This new contract, in a player-coach role, is his fourth for Blues. Robinson has not figured since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April.
Nine properties in Poole have been attended by the fire service. Neighbours were not warned before the devices were set off. British Pest Control Association described them as "aggressive"
Storms over the weekend killed six people, including two Girl Guides. Thousands of homes were also damaged. Poland's chief forester said it would take up to two years to clear fallen trees.
Department has told a further 285 staff they can leave during the year. Those taking redundancy include lecturers and college support staff. The cost of the redundancies was due to be funded under the civil service voluntary exit scheme. As part of the Stormont House Agreement, the £700m scheme's future is uncertain
Arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde. Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0, while Stirling Albion moved up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City. Edinburgh City snatched all three points in their game against Annan thanks to Ryan Porteous' late header
The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998. They are now involved in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest. The PSNI told the BBC it would be inappropriate to comment due to legal proceedings.
Ministers say there is no legal frame for council schools to be sponsors. LGA says 91% of council maintained schools are rated good or outstanding by Ofsted.
Lancet review looked at available evidence for the effects of taking an average 40mg daily dose of statins.
The three spacemen made their parachute landing in central Kazakhstan. Andreas Mogensen of the European Space Agency and Aidyn Aimbetov both spent less than 10 days in orbit.
Romania beat China 44-38 in the men's epee final. Romania finished sixth in the team epee in London four years ago.
Ultra low emission zone for most polluting cars will come into force in April 2019. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan announced scheme on Tuesday. Theresa May says she will 'take into account' drivers encouraged to buy diesels.
Dundee have signed seven players in the transfer window. Manager Neil McCann says the club do not have a recruitment system in place. McCann is facing his first full season in charge at Dens Park.
Bach stands by his handling of the crisis, but admits there are "deficiencies" in the current anti-doping system. The IOC has been heavily criticised for resisting calls from Wada to impose a blanket ban on the Russian team. Bach said he was considering a request to appear at a hearing
Faull was part of the British and Irish Lions side who beat New Zealand in Auckland in 1959. He made 12 appearances for Wales and played in four of the six Tests in the 1959 Lions tour. He also played three times for the Barbarians.
Studies have shown that the wage gap between Dalits and other castes have narrowed. But new research by Lakshmi Iyer, Tarun Khanna and Ashustosh Varshney paints a less rosy picture. Delving into the relationship between caste and entrepreneurship, the researchers have found that scheduled castes
Tiger Woods will play four full-field tournaments in the next five weeks. The former world No 1 has had back surgery twice in the past 15 months. Woods begins his 2017 season at the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego.
The 56-year-old man is in a stable condition in hospital. Sinn Fin councillor Stephen Magennis said the man had been shot "five or six times in the leg"
Roger Thomas Clark is said to have advised the Silk Road creator. He faces charges of narcotics conspiracy and money laundering. If found guilty he could face 30 years in jail.
Jordan Slew gives Plymouth Argyle the lead after 14 minutes. Ashley Hemmings equalises for Mansfield on 58 minutes with a rising shot. Slew feeds Fox to fire home an excellent finish from 18 yards. Pilgrims have only lost once in 16 games.
This weekend will be my first outing at the Stade Jean-Bouin as I didn't take part last year. I'm a playmaker, and we are responsible for running the attack and manipulating defences. In 15-a-side rugby, the difference between players' positions and roles is very clear
Hibs secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership with three games to spare. Manager Neil Lennon is targeting promotion back to the top flight. Former Hibs players Craig Paterson, Michael Stewart and Leeann Dempster assess their prospects.
42-year-old man was discovered in wetland at Medmerry Nature Reserve. Sussex Police said the incident was being treated as a "tragic accident"
Only bottom-club Rotherham have conceded more goals in the last 10 minutes than Cardiff. Cardiff have conceded almost 30% of their goals between 80-90 minutes this season. Morrison says the whole team has a responsibility to improve their "game management"
African champions take on the Europeans in Jeju, South Korea. Chambeshi has watched his side play some attractive football in the group stage. Zambia's prospects boosted by the return of captain Solomon Sakala.
The sanctions freeze the US assets of those affected, and stop US entities from doing business with them. Those targeted include the interior minister and the head of the army. The vote is to choose the 545 members of a new constituent assembly. Critics say the president is trying to cement a dictatorship.
Mr Yanukovych flew from China to Sochi in southern Russia for the meeting. Last month he shelved a partnership deal with the EU, triggering protests. Jailed opposition politician Yulia Tymoshenko has reportedly called off a prison hunger strike.
More than 350 Roma people had lived in the camp on La Petite Ceinture since mid-2015. Activists said many left early ahead of the police action. France has one of Europe's toughest policies towards Roma.
More than 9,000 people have signed a petition calling for the service to be saved. Hythe Ferry Ltd warned staff about possible redundancies earlier this year. Community group wants to create a "viable modern ferry"
Corran "Coz" Powell, 21, died following a car crash in Braintree, Essex. His family is raising money to buy land on which he dreamed of running survival courses. The centre would also be used as a venue for new bands and charity events.
Garden will open in the grounds of Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018. Designed by Stephen Pyle and Paul Herrington, it will be a restful area for patients and staff. Mr Pyle knew Syd Barrett as a young man when the two began Saturday art classes at Cambridge's Homerton College
YouTube video shows Rodrigo Duterte referring to a rape victim. He said the missionary was so beautiful that "the mayor should have been first" Critics say the comments reflect Mr Duterte's 'lack of fitness for the presidency'
Mr Duncan Smith said: "You can't claim democracy when you want it and reject it when you don't" He spoke out after Sir John also warned against the "tyranny of the majority" Sir John said Parliament would have to ratify whatever deal is reached.
The images were all taken from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April. The contest was open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone. Paolo Ferla took "Electric Bristol" - a picture of the Clifton Suspension Bridge.
Ofqual says there were more than 572,000 queries over grades. Head teachers have complained about the quality of marking. Ofqual is launching a consultation to overhaul the appeals system.
Aircraft manufacturer made sales of $94.6bn, down 2%, and net earnings of $4.9bn, 5% lower. It said revenues were likely to slip further in 2017, to between $90.5bn and $92.5bn.
Peter Chambers helped the British four take silver behind defending world and European champions Switzerland. Enniskillen's Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates were fifth in the quadruple sculls final. Alan Campbell said afterwards that he had been suffering from hay fever over the weekend in Germany.
Australia beat India by 95 runs in the first Test in Pune. The tourists scored 285 in the second innings to set their hosts a target of 441. India were all out for 107 in their second innings, losing inside three days.
Coursera is one of the world's biggest providers of "massive, open, online courses" Most online courses have been short units that give students a certificate. Daphne Koller, president of Coursera, says online degrees can be "more affordable and accessible"
The Neil Mulholland-trained seven-year-old won by half a length from Double Shuffle. Last year's winner Theatre Guide (11-1) had to settle for third.
It is thought there are about 30,000 people living in the Republic of Ireland who are members of the Travelling community.
Highland Council said work to further stabilise rock in the area would continue over the next two to three weeks. The council is seeking a long term solution to the bypass.
Ronald Kidd, 40, and Holly Alexander, 37, were found dead on Sunday. Man is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Wednesday. Police have appealed for anyone with information to come forward.
Benson completed the event in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds. He was ahead of Portugal's Joao Silva (+11 seconds) and Rostyslav Pevtsov (+33secs) of Azerbaijan.
Museum closed last October to allow work to upgrade the building. About half of the project's £66m cost is being funded by the council. Burrell collection consists of more than 8,000 artefacts. Fewer than a fifth of them have been on show at any one time.
Swindale Beck, near Haweswater, was straightened to clear land for grazing. The resultant faster flows washed away gravel, making it less easy for salmon and trout to spawn. In December 16 salmon were spotted, along with five redds - disturbed gravel where eggs had been laid.
French authorities say Airbus A310 should not have been allowed to fly. Most of the 152 people killed in the crash were French citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros.
Jindal said a number of Republicans had 'damaged the brand' by making 'offensive and bizarre' comments. But it is hardly a revelation to point out that those who make weird noises during an election campaign should shut up. It is, after all, among the first contributions from a big name of the Republican
Marta has recently been playing in Sweden for FC Rosengard. She won five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006-2010.
Labour's Andy Murray held his Edinburgh South seat with 26,269 votes. The SNP came second with 10,755 votes, followed by the Lib Dems. Across the capital, the SNP held three seats - Edinburgh South West, North and Leith and Edinburgh East.
Catalans have lost their last five matches in a row. Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan will take charge of the first team.
Prince Jacques is next in line to the Monaco throne. He is the son of Prince Albert II and Charlene, 36. Gabriella was born first, with Jacques arriving two minutes later. A statement said both babies were doing well.
One in five women between 16-59 in England and Wales has experienced some form of sexual violence. Clinic will provide extra antenatal support with specially-trained midwives, psychologists and paediatricians. Scheme could be introduced in other UK hospitals if successful.
Paralympic star Smyth, 27, appeared to start well in heat four but faded after 50m as he finished fifth in 10.66 seconds. Reid, 20, switched allegiance to Northern Ireland in February as his mother hails from the province. Foster's time of 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification as she finished second in
Kent Police said it seized more than 20 weapons including a knuckle duster. Police said their operation ended at 17:00 GMT after they had arrested individuals for possession of offensive weapons.
Lib Dem chief secretary to the treasury wants firms to face same penalties as evaders. The proposed crackdown comes in the wake of HSBC tax-dodging allegations. There's been more comment about facilitating tax evasion in the fortnight since the Panorama programme on HSBC.
Comments came ahead of his Budget speech, in which he cut the country's growth forecast for 2016 to 0.9%, down from 1.7%. He conceded the economy was struggling with shrinking growth, 25% unemployment, and widespread poverty. The South African currency, the rand, which has halved over the past
Douglas Carswell said party needed to ensure it got the "tone" right. Bitter internal row has developed after Mr Farage's resignation was rejected.
The Wedgwood Museum inherited the pottery firm's pension bill in 2009. The museum also went into administration in 2010. A public fundraising campaign launched in September hit its target in just a month.
Saudi Arabia was established in 1932 by King Abd-al-Aziz. King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud ascended the throne in January 2015. The country has one of the region's most tightly-controlled media environments.
NSPCC's Childline service said it counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year. Some children as young as seven told Childline how they were tormented, abused and scared to go to school.
Girl was forced into a vehicle in Bishop's Stortford on February 16. She then dropped off near the town's railway station the following morning. Police said the attack had caused "concern within the community"
Swans and their mother had become a familiar sight around Lisnarick. Pat Masterson photographed the swans shortly before they were killed. She said: "I still can't believe that they were run over so soon after"
In May, Punch Taverns halted its plans for The Corn Exchange, in Crickhowell. Protests led to villagers launching their own bid to buy it. About 180 people will become joint-owners after it is signed.
PM says problem with school sport is not money, but teachers not "playing their part" He has said the government is investing £1bn in school sports over the next four years. But many teachers give up their time to motivate and coach young people, say experts.
Between 2012 and 2015, cases of syphilis increased by 76%. Gonorrhoea infections rose by 53%, Public Health England data reveals. The rise was notable among men who have sex with men.
Gianni Meersman sprinted to victory in the 15th stage of the Vuelta. Darwin Atapuma retained his overall lead despite being caught behind the crash. Chris Froome was part of the bunch sprint which split the pack.
Vine said he too had been attacked as a 15-year-old. He encouraged the boy not to try to be tough like his attackers. Vine said there was 'no shame' in reading poetry and listening to bands.
Co-operative housing accounts for less than 1% of UK homes. Under co-operative models, groups of like-minded people can come together and buy land. Members of that co-op group can then buy shares in the new homes. It is an alternative to renting properties.
The company has announced a £600m investment in a new computer system. It says government support is needed to improve the network of "ageing" flightpaths.
The losses will come in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, which is splitting from the printer and PC business. The tech company has struggled over the last decade to keep up with changing demands as customers move away from desktop computers.
Chris Erskine crossed low for Kris Doolan to tap home and give the Jags an early lead. Motherwell carved out chances to score in the second half. Zak Jules's header was kept out by goalkeeper Tomas Cerny. Thistle have a seven-point gap over Kilmarnock and will face Celtic,
Yorkshire Ambulance Service said waiting time "was one of the most significant issues" Shortage of available hospital beds has been blamed for knock-on delays. Just five hospitals accounted for about 70% of the total waiting time.
Kerry Reeves died two days after being shot in Abingdon. Billy Johnson, 20, and Charles Noble, 20, have both been charged with her murder.
Hogwood died at his home in Cambridge following an illness lasting several months. He was considered one of the most influential exponents of the early-music movement. The conductor founded the Academy of Ancient Music in 1973.
Dana was transported to Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions, two bears and two tigers. Staff found the cub, who they named Hajar, in her cage on Saturday. They are now waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a second cub.
Securing German backing is important for the success of British plans. David Cameron has already courted support from Chancellor Angela Merkel.
The site is known as Two Women Sitting Down and is at Bootu Creek, north of Tennant Creek. OM Manganese was accused of causing the collapse of part of the site. Indigenous Australians believe the land is the mother of creation.
Retailers in the UK say the annual sales day is taking off here too. Visa predicts that £360,000 will be spent every minute. Many deals will be for 24 hours only, to create a sense of urgency.
Prithika Yashini underwent gender reassignment surgery. She applied to become a police sub-inspector in the southern state. But the state police board did not recognise a third gender. A court in Chennai (Madras) has now ruled in her favour.
Duffy's document also supports calls for the All-Ireland Senior Football and Hurling Finals to be moved forward two weeks. The inter-county minor grade should be changed from U18 to U17.
The incident happened near Dr Gray's Hospital shortly after 10:00. The A96 was closed in the area for several hours.
Open Bionics says its device can be made faster and more cheaply than current alternatives. It intends to launch a service next year that will 3D-scan amputees and then build and fit them with a custom-fitted socket and hand.
Deila will leave Premiership champions Celtic after Sunday's match against Motherwell. The Norwegian led the club to two titles and a League Cup win. Celtic were unable to reach the Champions League group stage this term and last.
Manchester City face Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final second leg on Wednesday. I was part of a Tottenham team that lost 4-0 there in the quarter-finals in 2011. But I believe City's players when they say they are confident, and they are right to be.
Morrell will be in charge for Saturday's game at Grimsby. The 35-year-old is in his second spell at the Racecourse after being re-signed in June 2010.
A year after the EU referendum, the pound is still around 16% lower against the dollar. The weakness has lured over a flock of international tourists hungry for high-end brands at relatively bargain prices. But how do companies manage this kind of discrepancy?
PCS Union chief Mark Serwotka said ministers were in a "blind panic" He accused the government of engaging in a misleading "PR exercise" Unions say their members are being asked to work longer and contribute more.
Cheruiyot set an Olympic record time of 14 minutes 26.17 seconds. Britain's Eilish McColgan was 13th in 15:12.09.
Daniel Timbers, 29, and Barry Joy, 56, were killed at Harford Attachments. The men are believed to have been working in a paint-spraying area. Their bodies were removed from the site on Tuesday afternoon.
Only a small amount of aid was delivered on Wednesday. A convoy to the town of Darayya near Damascus did not carry food. The UN Security Council will meet on Friday to discuss the air drops.
The Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission says these firms draw from a small pool of graduates. This version of talent can be "mapped to middle-class status", it adds.
The 21-year-old played five games on loan at Karl Robinson's Championship strugglers earlier this campaign. He is eligible for Saturday's FA Cup third-round match against Northampton Town.
The lawsuit was filed by Armstrong's former team-mate Floyd Landis. Landis could collect up to 25% of any damages awarded. Armstrong admitted to using drugs in all seven of his Tour wins in January 2013.
The Northern Ireland Rare Disease Partnership aims to give sufferers and their carers an independent voice. The group, created with the Patient Client Council, aims to improve treatment and care for those affected by rare diseases. Jane Stewart is one woman who hopes that the new partnership will help families like hers.
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier are charged with attempted first-degree intentional murder. If tried as juveniles, the pair only face a five-year term. The victim, 12 at the time, was stabbed 19 times but survived.
Final stretch of the $3.8bn (£3bn) pipeline is being built under a North Dakota reservoir. Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes have filed a lawsuit against the pipeline. They say it endangers their drinking water and sacred burial sites. The pipeline is expected to transport about 470,000
Hungary goes to the polls in a general election on Sunday. Prime Minister Viktor Orban's Fidesz party is expected to win. But the opposition is hoping to oust him with a coalition of leftist, liberal and green parties.
trailer was taken from Burton's Foods Ltd on Ty Coch Way, Cwmbran, Torfaen. Two men, from Liverpool and Cheshire, had been charged with theft. Third man will appear in court in relation to the alleged theft on Friday.
The 10-year-old son of Crown Prince Frederik was saved last Thursday by a Gold Coast lifeguard. He was reportedly pulled from the surf at Mermaid Beach after being caught in a rip current. The lifeguard, Nick Malcolm, was personally thanked by the Crown Prince.
Johnson said the EU will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three. But a member of the team nipped off to a local shop to check this claim. It turned out not to be a problem with EU regulations.
GreyOrange is a multi-national robotics company based in India. It has two different robots to help warehouses become more productive. The e-commerce sector in India has seen unprecedented growth in the last few years. GreyOrange says it has 90% of the warehouse automation market.
The US bombed its training camp in a nearby forested area on Saturday. A resident said that al-Shabab had arrested several people from the village. The US said the strike was aimed at preventing a "large-scale attack"
The 1920s window at St Paul's Church in Grangetown, Cardiff, depicts air, sea and land battles alongside religious images. The church says the masonry around the window must be replaced.
Car hit two brick walls and ended up across gardens in Walsall. Man died at the scene, woman taken to hospital with "serious" injuries.
Pupils aged 11 will be expected to know their tables up to 12x12, and will be tested using an "on-screen check" The checks will be piloted to about 3,000 pupils in 80 primary schools this summer. Nicky Morgan said maths was a non-negotiable aspect of a good education.
Gymnast filmed laughing while retired gymnast mimics Islamic prayer practices. Smith won pommel horse silver at Rio 2016. He has already been censured twice this year by British Gymnastics.
The five are among 19,000 people who receive money from the ILF. The scheme aids independent living and the average pay-out is £300 a week. On Wednesday, a judge dismissed the application, saying the consultation process had been lawful.
G4S's operations span 110 countries and it employs 611,000 staff. Revenues were £3.2bn, up 2.8% compared with the same period last year. During the period, it took a charge of £16m for restructuring.
Argenis Hernandez was shot in the stomach on Friday in the city of Valencia. Bus driver Wilfredo Rey died after being shot by hooded gunmen in San Cristobal. At least 33 people have now been killed during weeks of protests.
Airbus has not had an A380 order for two years. The company said on Thursdays that production of the A380 continued to operate at a marginal loss.
UK businesses are considering what reforms, if any, will be best for them. Helena Morrissey, chief executive of Newton Asset Management, says EU is no longer fit for purpose. Richard Reed, co-founder of Innocent Drinks, says UK gets more out of EU than it thinks.
About 70 people were injured and many are feared trapped beneath the seven-storey bloc in Thane. Building work was going on even though four floors were already occupied. Police say the builder used sub-standard construction material and did not possess an occupation certificate.
The layoffs will be announced in the coming weeks, according to unnamed sources. The last time BlackRock cut a significant number of jobs was in 2013 but the firm ended the year with a higher headcount.
More and more Brits are heading to US colleges to study soccer. Getting a scholarship means the college pays some or all of the student's fees. Dwyer is on a guaranteed salary of more than £300,000 a year.
Sports minister Vitaly Mutko says Russia has done everything asked of it. Russia was suspended by the sport's world governing body in November. Lord Coe revealed five other nations - Ethiopia, Morocco, Ukraine, Kenya and Belarus - are also under scrutiny.
Family had asked that half the remains be returned with the other half scattered in the grounds. Half were returned but the remainder had been wrongly used in an un-witnessed scattering. Two workers lost their jobs and Dignity, which runs the crematorium, apologised for the family's distress.
BBC has been widely criticised for large sums of licence fee money it pays to its stars and top managers. Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt says much needs changing at the BBC.
Dispute is over a new contract due to be introduced in August 2016. Critics say it could mean 15% pay cuts with "normal hours" re-classed. News of the health secretary's intervention came on the day that a few thousand junior doctors held a protest in London.
Alex D'Acol headed the hosts ahead early on from Ali Crawford's corner. Inverness had the chance to level after Darian MacKinnon fouled Billy Mckay in the box. Greg Tansey's penalty was saved by Gary Woods. Grant Gillespie converted Rakish Bingham's pass to
The money will be given "to develop inspirational projects" Culture Secretary Karen Bradley said it would be a legacy from next year's Great Exhibition Of The North. It comes after the government scrapped projects in the north and backed a £30bn Crossrail 2 scheme for London.
Serena Williams won her 23rd Grand Slam at the Australian Open. The feat was achieved while in the early stages of pregnancy. Dr Markos Klonizakis says it is 'amazing that she did it' British Olympic cycling champion Laura Kenny competed while pregnant. Nigerian table-tennis player Olufunke
Operation targeted two mafia crime families, the Gambino of New York and the Ndrangheta from Calabria. Eight of the arrests were made in New York. The other 18 people were arrested in Italy.
Zimbabwe's 'indigenisation law' has been blamed for choking off investment. It has been widely criticised, including by the IMF, for contributing to the collapse of the economy.
The code received widespread support during consultation and was unanimously approved by the Scottish Parliament. It was introduced following concerns over the number of people being searched without a legal basis.
Jenny Stephen hoped to connect to a telegraph pole visible from her window. But BT Openreach quoted her a price of £18,799 plus VAT. Mrs Stephen said: "I just want to make a phone call but I can't get any sense out of anybody"
As he departs as Scottish National Party leader and first minister, it is difficult to believe we have seen last of Alex Salmond. But what was it about the ebullient, quick-witted former economist that made him such an effective political leader? Despite his public image, Salmond is often described as a
Tommy Hilfiger said casting directors dressed Hadid in a poncho because she was not as thin as the other models. Hilfiger said: "The suggestion that I thought [Hadid] wasn't thin enough upsets me to no end" He has now clarified his comments and said the story was misleading.
Kasem was known as the voice of Shaggy in the TV animation Scooby Doo. He had been suffering from dementia and died last June at the age of 82. His children from a previous marriage and their stepmother began a battle before his death. They claim she abused him before he died, moved him from
He was put on a flight from Paris to Moscow on Tuesday evening. Mr Shprygin had previously been expelled on Saturday. He returned overland via Spain, and was arrested at the Russia-Wales match.
Ali Abdullah Saleh is suspected of siphoning off $60bn of Yemen's GDP. Slobodan Milosevic, Hosni Mubarak and Mobutu Sese Seko also on list.
Donald Tusk said there can be no "reciprocal" deal on expats until formal talks begin. PM said it was "absolutely right" for the UK not to have acted unilaterally. 81 mostly Conservative MPs and peers called for a speedy resolution.
John Guidetti drove home the free-kick that followed Pascali's professional foul on Stefan Scepovic. Kilmarnock keeper Conor Brennan limited the damage with a string of saves for the side.
Steven Maclean opened the scoring for St Johnstone. Larnell Cole was sent-off for Inverness. Liam Craig scored from the penalty spot. Graham Cummins added a third late on.
England beat Wales and Australia to finish second in Group B. Wales lost to Australia, Fiji and England to finish bottom of Pool B on Saturday. England take on Scotland in Sunday's quarter-finals.
Google's new system tracks how a person interacts with a website to prove they are real. Captcha checks are often deployed by concert ticket websites to stop people setting up automated bots to buy all the best tickets.
Smyth will defend his T13 100m and 200m titles in London. The visually impaired sprinter is already thinking ahead to the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
"Large scale public order incident" occurred at Stapleford Abbotts Golf Club, Essex. Police were called to a "disagreement" at the party attended by about 100 people. Afterwards, officers posted photos of themselves removing the cakes. They were then taken to homeless shelters and mother and baby units
The hour-long session featured questions on steel, devolution and the Severn crossings. Committee chair David Davies, who voted for Britain to leave the EU, opened with this question. Mr Cairns said there are no changes planned to the Wales Bill.
The business was owned by John and Karen Blisard and began operating in 2007. It now has five branches: two in Belfast, two in Dublin and one in Galway. Belfast brothers David and Andrew Maxwell have bought the business.
He was held on suspicion of Computer Misuse Act offences after officers searched a property in the city. Police have also arrested and bailed a 16-year-old from London, a boy in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, and a man, 20, from Staffordshire.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said the Su-24 was hit by air-to-air missiles fired by Turkish F-16s. Turkish military officials said the plane was engaged after being warned that it was violating Turkish airspace. Putin described the incident as a "stab in the back" committed by "accomplice
Colonel Steve Warren said more than 20 strikes have been carried out in the past four days. The raids are in support of Iraqi forces trying to retake Falluja from IS. Meanwhile there are dire warnings about conditions in the city.
Spain international has not played since mid-October. He injured his Achilles in Arsenal's 6-0 Champions League win over Ludogorets. Cazorla missed seven months of last season with a knee injury.
Last month Harrington won the Cheltenham Gold Cup with Sizing John. "These are all firsts for me - it's not bad for a 70-year-old," said Harrington. Bless The Wings was runner-up for second year in a row.
Mae'n ogystal 'i dm lleol, Llangefni, fe chwaraeodd i Dinas Bangor a Bethesda ac roedd yn bl-droediwr addawol iawn. Cafodd hefyd ysgoloriaeth i
"Learning from mistakes league" rates 120 trusts outstanding or good. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the changes were a step towards a "new era of openness" A patient safety charity welcomed the moves but said it remained "concerned"
Two armed men wearing masks broke into the 44-year-old victim's house. During the assault the men knocked the victim to the ground and hit him. Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses.
BMW convertible left the road at 23:00 BST on Monday. Police closed the road between Frog Grove Lane and Holly Lane. Officers have appealed for witnesses.
Scandal began in May when the payslips of top managers at the state insurance company were leaked to the media. In a country where public sector jobs are normally considered as low paid, the revelations came as a shock. The saga has been a major blow to the reputation of the government of President Hassan Rouhani
Yellowstone National Park is home to 5,000 wild bison, also known as buffalo. The park said it was just one example of 'dangerous and illegal behaviour' Other such behaviour included petting bison and taking selfies with them.
The amount of money borrowed for home loans in March was the highest for nearly nine years. Figures show UK house prices have increased five times faster than wages since 2011.
Labour council said it would bring staff in line with the other 17,000 workers. Union Unison said it was "bitterly disappointed" with the decision.
The 23-year-old midfielder is his country's joint all-time goalscorer. He ended last season on loan at Forest Green and is the second Gibraltar international to represent Torquay, after goalkeeper Jamie Robba.
The 36-year-old moved from Florida back to Buenos Aires earlier this year. Veronelli, a former world number 150, had notable success in guiding Watson back inside the world's top 50.
Few details of the deal agreed by the Russians and Americans have been released. The ceasefire was supposed to open the way to aid deliveries in Syria. But the latest attacks on the aid convoy and hospital seem to have taken things back to square one.
Pupils from Cambridge's Perse School deny stealing the items. They were in an area of the Nazi death camp where belongings were kept. Police also found fragments of a spoon and glass on the pair. If found guilty they face prison sentences of up to 10 years.
Mr Biden has been highly critical of US President-elect Donald Trump. He praised "genuine leaders" including German Chancellor Angela Merkel. This is the second state dinner shared by the two North American nations this year.
David Wagner has signed a new contract at Huddersfield. The 46-year-old led the Terriers to fifth last season. Huddersfield's first Premier League game is away to Crystal Palace.
Ashleys Kenya has more than 240 employees. The company also runs three training centres. Ashleys is the current holder of the local franchise of the Miss World beauty pageant.
Ryan Morse, from Blaenau Gwent, died on 8 December 2012 from Addison's disease. Dr Leonard Peter told Cardiff Crown Court Dr Joanne Rudling did not ask enough questions. She and Dr Lindsey Thomas, 42, of Tredegar, deny manslaughter.
Friends of Sherwood Forest say the £5.3m centre will devastate the area. Nottinghamshire County Council said the new site would "balance the interests" of the community and visitors. Construction is scheduled to start in December 2016 with the opening expected by winter 2017.
Walter Oakley received the letter from the Russian and US leaders. He helped CNN organise filming of the Cold War summit. The letter will be auctioned during the Anderson and Garland's Fine Art sale.
Art dealer admitted selling stolen Indian antiquities, including the bronze being returned. The sculpture of Hindu goddess Uma Parameshvari is thought to have been stolen from a Shiva temple in southern India. Art of the Past bought the artwork for $650,000 (£420,000) from New York dealer in 2007.
The train, dating back to the 1920s, is the sister of the Venice Simplon-Orient Express. Travel firm Belmond put on the service to treat commuters on a 90-minute journey. Passengers were treated to a three-course breakfast and musical entertainment.
Luke Donald has dropped out of the world top 50 for the first time in a decade. The 38-year-old Englishman topped the rankings in 2012. Donald is yet to win a major title but has played in four victorious Ryder Cup teams.
In the early 20th Century, 200 men and women from the US set up home in Cuba. They bought plots of land in a town that existed only in the blueprints of the Cuba Land and Steamship Company of New York. Upon realising the deception, many cut their losses and went home. The
Several councils are undergoing significant boundary changes in 2013. Click on the council names to go to candidate listings on council websites.
Researchers looked at three areas of England, 20 years apart, and found new rates of dementia were lower than past trends would suggest. They say improvements in men's health is the most likely explanation. But charities warn against complacency with more than 200,000 dementia cases diagnosed each year in the UK.
Jon Platt was taken to court after refusing to pay a £120 fine for taking his daughter, aged six, to Florida. He had argued the law only required children to attend school regularly. Isle of Wight Council said it has started the formal process of appeal to the High Court.
For almost 60 years Tom Bravin dressed up as Father Christmas to distribute presents to over 4,500 underprivileged children around the city. The former RAF communications worker shunned praise and kept his identity a secret, calling himself Mr X.
Ivana Hoffman, 19, was killed earlier this month in the battle for Tal Tamr. She had been fighting alongside the Kurdish Popular Protection Units (YPG) Ms Hoffman was the first Western female fighter known to have been killed fighting IS.
Theresa May vowed to put the Conservative Party 'at the service' of working people. The home secretary said: 'We're going to make a success of it' Party members will choose between Mrs May and Andrea Leadsom in a leadership vote.
John Bieniewicz, 44, was struck on Sunday during the game in a park. He was unconscious on the ground in the park when authorities arrived. Baseel Abdul-Amir Saad, 36, has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm. But authorities say the charges could
Bianca Nikol Roberson was driving near West Goshen when her car veered off the road. Police responded to what they initially thought was a fatal collision. But they discovered Ms Roberson had been shot in the head. Investigators believe another driver shot her as she attempted to merge into the same lane as a red pickup
Kazi Islam, 18, of Newham, east London, was found guilty of preparing to commit acts of terrorism. He befriended Harry Thomas, 19, and pretended to sympathise with him. But a series of exchanges on BlackBerry Messenger and social media sites were uncovered when police raided the house where Islam lived with his family
Pushp Sharma's report appeared in the Milli Gazette, a newspaper aimed at India's Muslim community. It quoted what was said to be a government document that banned Muslims from travelling abroad to teach yoga. Mr Sharma faces charges of fabricating the document, which he denies.
The measurement was made to an accuracy of just 0.1 mm over the loch's 35 km length. Scientists say the technique could be used in other lakes to understand how the Earth's crust deforms.
A pre-inquest review was due to take place on Monday. It has now been postponed until March due to the police investigation. Lawyer representing some of the victims' families described "a measure of frustration"
Gang struck in Stonehaven, Inverurie, Aberdeen, New Deer and Ellon. Used oxygen and acetylene to get to the safes behind the ATMs. Joseph McHale, 38, Kevin Schruyers, 42, and Robin Vaughan, 43, guilty.
Australia is holding a national inquiry into institutional responses to child sexual abuse. Bishop Geoffrey Robinson told the Royal Commission the Church had failed to speak out strongly about the issue. He said Pope John Paul II did not immediately condemn the abuse claims when they emerged in the 1990s.
Celtic assistant confirms club are in talks with Nice over Patrick Roberts. Roberts spent 18 months with the Scottish champions. The 20-year-old is also wanted by Nice and at least two Premier League clubs. Celtic face Kilmarnock in the League Cup on Tuesday.
Matt Denton, from Hampshire, spent 18 months building the'very expensive toy' The machine can only travel at 1.5km/h (1mph) and manage a distance of 5km. Mr Denton said he was inspired by science fiction to create the "walking" machine.
Report found 42% of larger firms had been the victim of a cyber attack. Just a quarter of the firms the BCC surveyed said they had put in place security measures to protect themselves.
Pope Francis will make 19 speeches during his tour of Kenya, Uganda and the Central African Republic (CAR) Security is expected to be tight throughout the trip, as the faithful flock to see this popular Pope. He has previously said that Christians would be wrong to equate Islam with violence.
He also insisted there was no conflict of interest in his position while the EU looked at his country's tax deals. Mr Juncker has come under pressure over claims that some 340 global companies were granted deals to help them avoid tax.
Laura Muir set new Scottish women's 1500m record. The 23-year-old ran a time of four minutes, 19.12 seconds. That erased Yvonne Murray's 1994 effort of 4:22.60. Muir now holds the Scottish 1500m and mile records.
Daryl Murphy scored his first goal for the club to put Newcastle ahead. Aleksandar Mitrovic suffered a badly cut leg in the build-up. Lukas Jutkiewicz turned in Jonathan Grounds' low cross to level.
Vinokourov sprinted clear of Colombia's Rigoberto Uran. Cavendish finished near the front of the main peloton.
Shaznay Lewis, Melanie Blatt and sisters Natalie and Nicole Appleton first hit the scene in 1997. They wrote their own material and shunned the chirpy choreography of other girl groups. But it was a difficult time to be a woman in the male-dominated music industry.
British-Brazilian duo beaten 6-1 6-4 by Raven Klaasen and American Rajeev Ram. Murray and Soares have already overtaken Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut in year-end rankings.
Mark Anthony Barlow was struck by an Audi in Tamworth, Staffordshire. He was pronounced dead at the scene, police said. Officers are appealing for witnesses to the incident.
Clean-ups will take place at Derbyhaven on Saturday and Sartfield on Sunday. Beach Buddies, established in 2012, has recently applied for charity status. More than 1,600 people took part in 220 sessions across the island last year.
Psychoactive Substances Bill will ban production, distribution, sale and supply. Ministers say young people taking legal highs are taking 'exceptional risks' Alcohol, tobacco and caffeine will be excluded from the ban.
The NFL is still America's most popular sport. It is more popular than Major League Baseball and College Football. NFL commissioner Roger Goodell earns £26m a year. 50 NFL players were arrested in 2014 for a wide degree of offences.
Andrew Hutchinson pleaded guilty to rape, sexual assault and voyeurism. The 29-year-old worked at John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. He also attacked women who had passed out while on duty at a music festival. Victims of his crimes were aged between nine and 35.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin in Northern Ireland in 2015. The tournament will be two weeks before the Open at Carnoustie. Rory McIlroy is expected to defend his title at the Old Course.
Jack Brooks hits career-best 94 not out as Yorkshire reach 421-7 on day two. Yorkshire resumed on 54, with his team 251-6, before rain stopped play.
Supermarket says it will pay 28p per litre for 100% of its liquid milk. It is less than the 30-32p farmers estimate it costs to produce each litre. Asda's announcement comes after protests by dairy farmers.
Campaign calling on HP to reverse the move was launched, backed by rights group the Electronic Frontier Foundation. In a blog post, HP admitted it should have done a "better job of communicating" the change. An optional update that removes the restriction on unofficial cartridges will be available "within two weeks"
Mr Sterling had been contesting his estranged wife Shelly's decision to sell the team. He had originally agreed to the sale, but then revoked his blessing. Mrs Sterling had told her husband to seek an evaluation by two doctors in May.
Dene Magna School in Mitcheldean, Gloucestershire, has about 750 pupils on its roll. Headteacher Stephen Brady said: "It's just got worse and worse" Private cleaning firm will begin a deep clean on Friday to sterilise the school.
Fewer than half of those eligible to vote did so in 2011. Elections for the assembly and police and crime commissioners take place on 5 May.
Shell put its Arctic plans on hold two years ago after a drilling vessel ran aground. The company has already spent $1bn preparing its drilling work in Alaska's Chukchi Sea. Shell said it was spending $12bn on dividends to shareholders in 2014, and also repurchased $3.3bn of its own shares
The 41-year-old was shot and stabbed to death by Thomas Mair on 16 June. Residents of Birstall, West Yorkshire, spoke of her impact on the village. She had only represented the ethnically diverse constituency for a year.
Alexander Levlovitz died in a car accident apparently caused by a rock-throwing attack in Jerusalem. Meanwhile, clashes between Israeli police and Palestinian protesters continued for a third day in the city. The government agreed to establish mandatory minimum penalties for those who "endanger human lives by throwing stones, fire-bomb
Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill would allow termination when doctors deem that a woman is at risk of taking her life. President Higgins must decide by Wednesday whether to sign the bill into law or refer it to the court.
St Abbs has been a lifeboat station for more than 100 years. Volunteers have been credited with saving hundred of lives in and around the seaside town. The RNLI announced last week that the St Abb's boat was no longer needed.
Kumar Sangakkara passes 1,000 first-class runs for Surrey in 22nd innings. Surrey reach 394-5 at stumps on day two of County Championship match against Yorkshire. Rory Burns and Jason Roy both make half-centuries for Surrey.
Fosun are one of the largest investment groups in China. The takeover sees 100% of the club's shares and assets transferred from previous owner Steve Morgan to Fosun. Chief executive Jez Moxey will also step down after 16 years at Molineux.
Conservation efforts should focus on ensuring rare species have enough places to nest, say scientists. For example, areas could be left to grow wild between spring and summer to help bumblebees establish nests. Habitats such as hedgerows and hay meadows are being lost in many countries, meaning that fewer nesting sites are available
Prince Charles was representing the Queen at the Sovereign's Parade. He did not mention the Islamic State group but his comments are interpreted as a reference to the organisation.
The 22-year-old France-born winger has declared himself available for Algeria. He spent five years with Le Havre, scoring six times in 60 games.
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is not the biggest offshoot of the late Osama Bin Laden's organisation. But Washington considers AQAP to be by far the most dangerous to the West. AQAP presents three dangers: AQAP has form, has technical skills and global reach.
Scotland were beaten 35-25 by Ireland in Dublin on Saturday. Stuart Hogg and Duncan Taylor nominated for Six Nations player of the tournament. England's Billy Vunipola and Jonathan Joseph also included.
Report says tourism industry worried about 'continuing sectarianism and racial prejudice' Review was ordered by DETI minister Arlene Foster last year.
Rodrigo Kelton was part of the Brazilian team competing in the Street Child World Cup. The tournament puts the spotlight on issues affecting street children. Rodrigo was killed shortly before he was due to take part in the tournament. Gang and drug violence remain endemic in poor communities.
Ch Supt Neil Evans described the development as 'extremely worrying' Ten people were admitted to hospital after taking the drug over the weekend. Four remain in intensive care.
Rolling Stones cancel first date of Australian tour following news. Designer L'Wren Scott was found dead in her New York apartment on Monday. Sir Mick Jagger said he still failed to understand how her death could be so tragic.
Report said new homes needed to cope with predicted increase in city's population. Some of the proposed new homes would be built on greenbelt land. Lib Dem councillor described the figures as "unrealistic"
SW Radio Africa launched when Robert Mugabe faced opposition to his rule. The station's final news bulletin was tinged with sadness.
The Department of Health said only £143m would be spent this year. The Mental Health Network says it has seen little of the money. NHS England says £75m has been provided to clinical commissioning groups. CCGs want NHS England to ring-fence the money for children's mental health.
Joe Woolford and Jake Shakeshaft are from Stoke-on-Trent. They will perform You're Not Alone with 16,000-strong audience in Stockholm. Party organised by his uncle in Ruthin, Denbighshire, to celebrate win.
The 22-year-old made five appearances for Leeds in 2012. Hood will join his former Leeds team-mate Ben Jones-Bishop at Old Trafford.
Ben Hooper is hoping to complete the swim in four months. The 38-year-old long-distance swimmer is raising money for charity. Other people have attempted the swim, but were not ratified by Guinness.
Get Inspired is where you'll find everything you need to know about sport and exercise. Get in touch to tell us what you want to see on the site and what you'd like to know more about.
Women of Africa is a BBC series recognising inspiring women across Africa. Third series, Power Women, introduces six women who are chief executive officers or company heads.
The two officials - who have not been named - were told to leave on 17 June. Russia said the diplomat worked for the CIA and had refused to show ID papers. Last month, US officials said harassment against US diplomats was on the rise.
England beat India by six wickets in third one-day international. Ben Stokes named man of the match after taking four Indian wickets. India take series 2-1 with first T20 match in Kanpur on Thursday.
Body of India Chipchase, 20, was found in Northampton on Sunday. Edward Tenniswood, 51, from Stanley Road, faces a charge of murder. He appeared at Northampton Crown Court via video link from Woodhill Prison.
Nils Muiznieks said the government is breaching the European Convention of Human Rights. He said they were not conducting effective, independent and prompt investigations. The UK has signed up to the Convention on Human Rights as one of 47 members.
Orcam helps blind and visually impaired people read text and recognise faces. We talk to a tech giant about its progress making software more accessible. And we ask what role AI could play in opening up technology for everyone.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, are feared to have travelled to Syria. West Yorkshire Police and counter-terrorism officers are investigating.
Tom Squires won RS:X windsurfing gold after coming second in the final race. Luke Patience finished fourth in the men's 470 with new crew Chris Gruber.
The parade commemorates Yeovilton's 75th birthday and is in recognition of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two. Platoons from HMS Heron, led by the Queen's Colours and the Band of the Royal Marines, marched before Yeovil mayor Mike Lock.
Kevin Standing's vehicle was taken from his home in Patcham, East Sussex. He said he had wrongly assumed an officer would visit him. Sussex Police said they focused on crimes that "cause most harm"
Founder of one of Malaysia's biggest soup kitchens, feeds 10,000 people a month. The soup kitchen has branches across the country in capital Kuala Lumpur. Ms Khong says she borrowed from Buddhist teachings to mean 'heavenly place'
In northern Nigeria, many children get no access to mainstream education. There is a growing belief that reforms are long overdue and a broader education is essential. In Kano, the governor has thrown his support and financial clout behind educational reforms.
Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against IS. Coalition planes use its air base at Incirlik for raids in Iraq and Syria. Turkey is also conducting a campaign against Kurdish militants.
The Tories won 37 of 64 seats to claim a majority and wipe out Labour's 22-seat majority from 2013. Labour picked up 24 seats this time around, the Liberal Democrats won three and UKIP finished with none. Towns where seats turned from red to blue included Swadlincote, Matlock, Glossop
A man died after he was struck by a car on the N2 at Balrath in County Meath. Elsewhere, a man in his 30s died after the car he was driving hit a fence in County Mayo.
Nuclear Accident Independent Investigation Commission released 88-page report. It looked into the cause of the nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan. The March 11 earthquake and tsunami caused the worst nuclear accident since 1986.
Dyke, appointed in 2013, had intended to stand for a further year. He said that opposition to proposed reforms from some FA councillors and a minority of board members had made him reconsider. Dyke, a former director general of the BBC, has pursued policies aiming at modernising the FA.
If enacted, Natwest and RBS would be the first UK banks to introduce negative interest rates. Personal customers are not affected. Charities and community groups are counted as business clients. UK interest rates have been unchanged since the Bank of England cut them to a record low of 0.5% in March 2009.
The Commons opposed proposals to allow councils to extend opening hours by 317 votes to 286. Ministers had sought to limit the rebellion by promising to trial the changes in 12 areas. Critics of the plans said they would "chip away" at Sunday's special status.
Golden State Warriors beat Cleveland Cavaliers 4-3 to win play-off series. Warriors were down by 13 points during the first half but fought back. Defending champions will now face a title rematch with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Liverpool host Wolves in the FA Cup fourth round on Saturday. Wolves have won only twice since beating Stoke in the third round. Liverpool have failed to score in three of their last six home games.
Paramedics called to Joe's Bar in Dungiven at 06:00 BST on 6 October 2014. Police arriving short time later found several people still at the bar. Till receipts showed alcohol was being served as late as 04:49 BST.
Callum Clatworthy-Robins admitted causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal. He was barred from owning animals for three years and ordered to pay £200 in fines and costs.
Serbia's Euro 2016 qualifier against Albania was abandoned after a drone flew a pro-Albanian flag over the pitch. Serbia have also been fined 100,000 euros each by Uefa. Both countries have confirmed they will appeal against the rulings.
The Africa Cup of Nations will be sponsored by French oil and gas company Total. The deal will begin with the 2017 finals in Gabon. For the time being the value of the deal has not been revealed.
Wrexham were 2-0 winners away from home against Altrincham. It was the Exiles' first pre-season defeat this summer.
India and Pakistan have not played a Test series since 2007. Pakistan have played their 'home' Test series in the UAE since 2009. The World T20 runs from 8 March to 3 April.
Rowett was furious after his side lost a two-goal lead to be held 2-2. Blues went into the game with only a mathematical chance of finishing in the top six.
Brazil's Senate has voted to suspend President Dilma Rousseff for up to 180 days. Michel Temer, a former vice-president, will take over as interim president. He has named a business-friendly cabinet, including Henrique Meirelles as finance minster.
Legend of Emperor Yu states that he tamed the flooded Yellow River by dredging and redirecting its channels. Previously, no scientific evidence had been found for a corresponding flood. But now a Chinese-led team has placed such an event at about 1,900BC.
Malachi Love-Robinson, 18, was arrested after examining and providing medical advice to an undercover police officer. He has denied that he posed as a medical doctor and said he only used the title because he had obtained a PhD online. The website of the New Birth New Life Medical Center describes him as a "well
Click through the gallery above to see Rafael Nadal's amazing records in numbers. Check out Newsround's guide to Wimbledon, which starts in just a few weeks.
Ski-Scotland said the industry generated almost £21m for the economy. Previous seasons have involved bigger numbers - 2012-13 had 290,996 skier days. It was also the first in years that all five of Scotland's outdoor ski centres opened before Christmas.
West Midlands Police constables Wahid Husman and Tahsib Majid used their roles to conspire to steal quantities of Class A and B drugs. Husman admitted drugs and misconduct offences on 7 August. Majid was convicted on Tuesday after a trial at Birmingham Crown Court. Five other men also admitted a number
The Red Rose have lost two and drawn five of their previous seven games. Lancashire won three of their opening five Division One games this season.
Michal Podlaszczyk had already served 12 and a half years for manslaughter. A year after his release he came to the UK and raped and robbed a woman. He was jailed again on Wednesday for a minimum of seven and half years.
Dawe's side beat Cheshire on Sunday to retain the title they won last year. There is speculation that the Rugby Football Union could take the game to a smaller ground in future.
The Sure Walk project has been set up to ensure students get home safely. McConaughey, 47, graduated from the university in 1993. He is an avid fan of its American football team.
Ministers and other government officials given three-month deadline to hand over state-owned homes and vehicles. Law targets presidential appointees who try to cling on to the perks of office. Ghana goes to the polls on 7 December.
Many on social media questioned whether Mr Trump had considered the US history of slavery and segregation. It follows a report that his charity used funds to settle lawsuits for which he was personally liable. Mr Trump's recent overtures to the black community may be aimed at assuring moderate white voters of his racial sensitivity
Chris Turner was diagnosed with frontal lobe dementia in 2006. He won back-to-back promotions as Peterborough manager in early 1990s. Turner also played for Cambridge United, Luton, Swindon and Southend.
Invergordon Lifeboat launched and local coastguards deployed. dinghy came to rest on sandbank. Coastguards on the ground were able to reach the inflatable vessel and help occupants to safety.
Ashers bakery refused to make a cake iced with the slogan "Support Gay Marriage" in May 2014. A long-running legal battle ensued when customer Gareth Lee sued after his order was declined at the company's Belfast city centre shop. In October, the Appeal Court upheld a ruling against the bakery'
Jeremy Hardy suggests Labour is 'rigging the election' to stop Jeremy Corbyn. Andy Burnham's campaign claimed there could be'several thousand Tory infiltrators' Mr Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall are all standing.
Dr David Dao suffered a broken nose and concussion in the incident. His daughter, Crystal Dao Pepper, said they are "sickened" by his treatment. Video of the incident has been watched millions of times online.
Reyaad Khan, 21, was killed in an RAF drone strike in Syria last August. David Cameron said the attack was "necessary and proportionate" Harman said such action outside a war zone was a "new departure"
The report was commissioned by the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association. It was published in a redacted form on WABA's website. Sports Wales said it would continue funding the association.
Oxgangs Primary in Edinburgh was closed on Wednesday after a wall collapsed. St Peter's RC Primary will be closed on Friday and will remain shut until end of Easter holidays. Firrhill and Braidburn will close on Friday to allow "further tests" to be carried out.
The case is the first of its kind in Germany. Bayer insists its contraceptive pills are safe when taken correctly.
Three-week trial on the 23.4m long 'up' escalator at Holborn station taking place during peak hours. Transport for London said the move will "increase the capacity" and prevent "queuing at the bottom" More than 56 million passengers use the station every year.
Mesothelioma is a fatal disease with average survival rates of about nine months. It is most prevalent among those who worked in industries with heavy exposure to asbestos up to the 1980s. About 2,400 people die every year of the disease and numbers are set to increase over the next 30 years.
Julia Knight, 56, had denied trying to kill Irene Robson, 81, in October 2014. But she admitted administering the insulin at Horton Hospital in Banbury. Knight said she did it so her mother would not be discharged from hospital. Prosecutors said it was a "premeditated, cold-
The 45-55 vote marks the second defeat for Republicans aiming to pass a bill this week to undo the health policy. The vote came a day after the Senate rejected a plan to repeal and replace the health law with a Republican plan. Senators will now consider a "skinny" repeal, which would scale back
Ms Churcher was director of the National Gallery of Australia from 1990 to 1997. She was known as Betty Blockbuster as a result of large-scale exhibitions. In recent years, declining eyesight made it increasingly difficult for her to look at paintings she loved.
Credit rating agencies rate a country on the strength of its economy. They score governments (or large companies) on how likely they are to pay back their debt. A high credit rating means a lower interest rate (and vice versa) This is because of concerns at the impact that leaving the EU may have on
Second trial includes a charge of genocide related to killings of Vietnamese and Cham Muslim minorities. The cases are being tried separately to accelerate proceedings, because the defendants are elderly. A verdict in the first case, meanwhile, is expected on 7 August.
Oz often covered taboo topics including homosexuality, abortion, police brutality and censorship. The magazine was caught up in a high-profile obscenity trial in the UK in 1971.
Bristol City's Jake and Kodi will join up with Guernsey FC for a month. The duo are the first Robins players to agree to join Guernsey FC. If they play they will become the first non-Guernsey players to feature for the Green Lions.
status of EU citizens working in the UK is likely to be top of the agenda. David Davies said there were too many "scare stories" suggesting people would be removed. Labour's Eluned Morgan said EU migrants contribute "far far more" than they take out.
Norwegian Forest cat Clive vanished from his home in Toton, Nottinghamshire. He was found at the Kennelgate Pet Superstores warehouse, about two miles away. His owner Tanya Irons said she could not believe he was "so porky"
Ross Morgan was watching the Ipswich v Norwich match at home when Paul Anderson scored a goal. In his excitement he punched the hole in the ceiling. Anderson offered to pay for the repairs.
The Home Office said they would impose a fine of up to £20,000 per illegal employee. The process to deport the workers is already under way.
Webber led after the final pit stops and the drivers were told to hold position to the end of the race but Vettel passed Webber after a tussle with 13 laps to go. Vettel has since apologised for the incident. Media playback is not supported on this device.
Ms Pinkney will be the first woman to hold the top position in Hampshire. She currently works for Sussex Police and received the Queen's Police Medal. Police and Crime Commissioner Simon Hayes said she was 'an incredibly strong candidate'
The 23-year-old from Westmeath beat Gadzhimagomedov on a unanimous 5-0 points decision in the Ukraine decider. Kurt Walker and Brendan Irvine had to settle for bronze medals after losing their semi-finals on Friday.
Team Brewster beat the Olympic silver medallists skipped by David Murdoch 7-2 9-5 at Perth's Dewars Centre to clinch the men's spot. Eve Muirhead's rink claimed the women's place with three wins in a best-of-five tournament decider against Hannah Fleming's team
Donegal lost heavily to Tyrone in the Ulster championship semi-final. Rory Gallagher's side have recovered with narrow wins over Longford and Meath. Galway surrendered their Connacht title to Roscommon in the final.
Prime Minister has pledged to hold the referendum before the end of 2017. Speculation is centring around June, July or September this year. Few thinking it could be next year - but anything is possible.
Labour's Valerie Vaz said she grew up watching Dad's Army. She said the catchphrases were being heard around 10 Downing Street. Commons Leader David Lidington speculated Labour 'don't like it up 'em'
Derby County are unbeaten in their last five games in all competitions. The Rams are already assured of a play-off spot. Darren Bent scored the equaliser against Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday.
Grammys mix hip flasks with politics. Love Actually cast reunite for Comic Relief film June Brown.
Sean Welsh put Thistle ahead from the penalty spot after Ryan Dow fouled Kris Doolan. Liam Lindsay went off with a neck injury in the second half. Chris Burke equalised for Ross County in injury time.
Convoy of at least 260 lorries carrying Russian aid has now halted. There is continuing confusion over the final destination. Artillery fire can be heard all around Donetsk on Thursday.
mosaics found on the site of a development in Leicester. The 1,700-year-old town house was the largest found in the city for 150 years. They will form part of a £7m revamp of the nearby Jewry Wall museum.
Ipsos Mori surveyed more than 1,000 adults between 19 and 25 March. Many of those questioned seemed to favour going beyond the Smith Commission proposals. Scots appear to place a greater emphasis on embedding and extending powers at Holyrood parliament.
Dr Akinwunmi Adesina said 98% of the world's 800 million undernourished live in Africa. Since 1986, the World Food Prize aims to recognise efforts to increase the quality and quantity of available food. Dr Adesina will receive the US $250,000 prize at the Borlaug Dialogue international symposium.
The officer was carrying a handgun in the railway station in Inverness. Police Scotland said he had breached new force policy.
The weather phenomenon is set to exacerbate droughts in some areas, while increasing flooding in others. Some of the worst impacts are likely in Africa with food shortages expected to peak in February. Regions including the Caribbean, Central and South America will also be hit in the next six months. Around 31 million people are
Researchers have taken a rat kidney and used a detergent to wash away the old cells. The remaining web of proteins, or scaffold, looks just like a kidney, including an intricate network of blood vessels and drainage pipes.
The case relates to use of technology in the iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus. University of Wisconsin claims Apple ignored its offers to license the patent. If the court agrees, Apple could face a heavier fine.
The line was closed after landslides damaged the railway line. Tornado, the steam train, will run two return journeys a day between parts of Cumbria and Yorkshire.
Anna has started the Couch to 5K Challenge. The challenge is designed for people who have done little or no running. Visit the Make Your Move website to start your own challenge.
Scottish Seabird Centre said it needs to evolve to remain viable. It has secured £3.3m Heritage Lottery funding but needs another £2m. National Marine Centre for Scotland is planned to open in 2020.
Government says exit checks are needed to combat illegal immigration. For the first month all passports will be scanned. Only 25% of the passport holders will have their details verified. After a month, there will be a move to 50% verification. Data is being collected on all passengers as they leave the UK
Russia's Aliya Mustafina won the gold medal ahead of Beijing 2008 champion He Kexin of China. Tweddle's score of 15.916 took bronze in her uneven bars final after a decade pursuing an elusive Olympic medal. The 27-year-old has four world titles and is the
Pearce made 33 appearances last season as Wigan won the League One title. The 28-year-old has signed a three-year contract with the Addicks.
More than 50 miles of new planking and more than 500,000 fixings used in £15m renovation. Hastings pier is expected to be fully operational by mid-April.
Amirah Droudis, 37, will spend at least 33 years behind bars for killing her ex-wife. The victim, who cannot be identified, was stabbed 18 times and set alight. Her husband, Man Haron Monis, took 18 people hostage in a Sydney cafe in 2014.
He accused Lord Patten, chairman of the trust which oversees the BBC, of making "unfair and untrue" claims not to have known about Mark Byford's payment. Lord Patten said he "couldn't have been expected to know" about the sum. Mr Thompson told MPs the trust had put
Ali Crawford missed a hat-trick of chances for Hamilton in the first half. Kilmarnock's Kris Boyd twice headed wide from close range. Souleymane Coulibaly's volley for the hosts just after the break was well saved by Gary Woods. Boyd fired into the net after connecting with an
Wales drew 1-1 with Northern Ireland in a friendly in Cardiff. Craig Cathcart put the visitors ahead before substitute Simon Church equalised. Chris Coleman's side next face Ukraine in Kiev on Monday.
Kieran McGrath, 26, was shot after leaving a pub in Ashton-under-Lyne. Anthony Henry, 32, was found guilty of murder on Friday. Troy Beckford, 24, and Jace Smith, 31, were convicted after a trial. Two other men, Remi Adams, 34 and Scott Chapman,
Ferguson says he has not had any contact with Rangers. The 39-year-old resigned as Clyde manager on Sunday. Ferguson says Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes is the right man for the job.
Barbara Lezzi from the opposition Five Star Movement (M5S) was said to have gestured in the direction of Vincenzo D'Anna. Female senators from various parties responded, demanding that Mr Barani apologise. The Senate speaker suspended Friday's debate on Italy's constitutional reform bill in the
Australian passports used in assassination of Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. At least four forged Australian passports were used in the killing. The originals belonged to Australians living in Israel.
Leyla and Arif Yunus have been in prison since their arrest nearly a year ago. They still face separate charges of treason, which carries a life sentence. Human Rights Watch condemned their prosecution as a "despicable political show trial" Azerbaijan has repeatedly jailed human rights activists.
Three prisoners have been recaptured after escaping from a Papua New Guinea prison. 57 escaped inmates, some still awaiting trial, remain at large. The prison in Lae has seen repeated similar escapes over the past years.
England women win Six Nations title for first time since 2012. Amy Wilson Hardy, Laura Keates, Emily Scarratt, Lydia Thompson all score tries. England will return to defend their world title in the summer.
Head of Sunni clerics' association in Arsal is among those killed, NNA says. Arsal was scene of fierce fighting between Sunnis and Shias last year. Clerics were trying to negotiate the release of Lebanese security personnel.
New oath drops the reference to God for the first time since Guides began in 1910. Brownies and Guides currently vow to "to love my God" The consultation about the vow was carried out earlier this year.
563 held or arrested by Port of Dover police officers last year - up from 148 in 2013. Figures come days after dozens of migrants attempted to storm Channel Tunnel's Calais terminal. Home Office said it was providing funding to bolster security and that many crossing attempts had been foiled.
Gibraltar is equipping its tourist attractions with QR codes that can be scanned with a mobile phone. The codes take users directly to a Wikipedia page of the relevant tourist attraction. Only 11% of UK smartphone users scanned one in July 2012, according to Comscore.
Dan Groves said the "finer points" of a deal which could see Wright buy 20% of the club are yet to be released. The Sun reported that the 30-year-old will become a club director. Billericay are eighth in the Isthmian League Premier Division.
Rochdale were beaten 3-1 by Bradford in the Vanarama Conference. Rochdale manager Keith Hill was disappointed with touchline etiquette. Peter Vincenti and Devante Cole scored for Bradford.
QK Cold Stores (Marston) Ltd was prosecuted by South Kesteven District Council after the incident in June. The man equired skin grafts to repair the damage to his right leg.
The Irish Human Rights and Equality Commission said the burden of the crisis fell disproportionately on those least able to bear it. The commission was set up last year to promote and protect human rights in the state. People with disabilities experienced the impact of austerity more acutely.
Heseltine called for "much bigger devolution to the people who know where the [failing] schools are" Claims UK is "29th as a country in the world league of education"
Basques have unique customs and a language that is unrelated to the world. They also show distinct genetic patterns to their neighbours in France and Spain. But how far back their roots went has been a topic of debate. Study suggests they descend from farmers who mixed with local hunters.
Defender Phil Edwards and midfielders Lee Williamson, Callum Reilly and Charlie Gatter are also leaving. Keeper Stephen Bywater, Tom Flanagan, John Mousinho, Ben Turner, Marvin Sordell, Lloyd Dyer, and Shaun Barker have all been offered new deals.
Newsround has put together a list of some of the best events to watch in 2017. From the Olympics to the Ryder Cup, there is plenty to look forward to.
Health Secretary says he wants a Labour prime minister, not Jeremy Corbyn. "I don't think it matters whether I'm a fan or not," he says on Radio Wales. Mr Gething rejects claims Welsh Labour is failing to support the party's leader.
The £14.6m college is part of a major overhaul of post-16 education. First Minister Carwyn Jones will open the facility on Friday. In 2013, it was announced that sixth forms at Holywell, John Summers and Connah's Quay high schools would be axed.
Burnley have signed striker Jon Walters on a two-year deal. Walters spent seven years at Stoke, scoring 62 goals in 269 games. Burnley have now signed five Republic of Ireland internationals.
Aguirre was best known for his role in the long-running children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho. He had been very ill for some time and died in his home in Puerto Vallarta.
Duffy will lead Featherstone in their final league game against Toulouse on Saturday. The Scotland assistant coach has been replaced by Stuart Littler at Swinton.
Alice Gibson-Watt, 34, died in 2012 from a brain injury caused by a cardiac arrest. A week earlier, she was restrained by police and ambulance staff in a case of post-partum psychosis. The coroner ruled the use of restraint was not a factor in the death. Her widower, Anthony Gibson
Bailly is due to have a medical this week and terms are thought to have been agreed. The 22-year-old joined Villarreal for £4.4m in January 2015. He has played 40 times in La Liga, the first five of which were for Espanyol.
Government ministers voiced concern at the Charlie Hebdo cartoons. Riot police have been deployed around the magazine's offices in Paris. The magazine has confirmed that its website has been attacked.
Portugal's economy was mired in its worst recession for more than 40 years. A growing number of young people couldn't hope to get a mortgage. To help boost entrepreneurship, the Portuguese government has created an investment body.
It's the 130th anniversary of the first Sherlock Holmes book. Now visitors to Maze can put their own detective skills to the test.
The FBI has ordered Apple to assist it with unlocking an iPhone used by San Bernadino gunman Syed Farook. Prince Al Hussein said encryption was essential in the interests of freedom. Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik killed 14 people and left 22 injured.
Governor Rick Scott issued the executive order in four counties. The US Army Corps of Engineers began discharging freshwater from the lake more than two weeks ago. Lake Okeechobee is contaminated with runoff that includes human waste, animal feed and fertiliser.
The last episode of Broadchurch will air on Monday evening. Chris Chibnall said it's been an 'extraordinary journey' with the show. He added there will be no more after the final episode.
Two women lost a leg and three other people were seriously hurt. The ride has been closed since the accident on 2 June. Merlin Attractions Operation Ltd will appear at North Staffordshire Justice Centre on 22 April.
Chief operating officer says the claims of head coach Sean Holley and forwards coach Jonathan Humphreys will also be assessed. Johnson will become Scotland boss Andy Robinson's senior assistant coach.
Veainu's solo try earned the bonus before Greg Bateman added a fifth. Leicester dominated the opening 40 minutes and with three tries in the bag by the break looked locked on for the bonus point.
French-based English players have won the European Player of the Year award three times in the last four years. Toulon's Steffon Armitage and Jonny Wilkinson won the award in 2014 and 2013 respectively. Since the 2011 Rugby World Cup, an RFU rule has said only those involved in domestic rugby can play
Poll indicates satisfaction fell from 70% to 58% last year. It is the largest annual drop since it started in 1983. The King's Fund think tank sponsored the NHS questions put to more than 1,000 people.
Anthony Joshua fights Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday. We've matched some of the greatest to fight one another. Will your choices see you matched to Lennox Lewis? Or perhaps you'll come out as the greatest of all time?
Former Lib Dem minister Jeremy Browne attended talks with various French authorities earlier this month. Mr Browne said the mood in France was "more giddy and more assertive" since Emmanuel Macron was elected president in May. Several European cities, including Frankfurt, Dublin and Brussels, as well as Paris, are vying to attract business
O'Neill and a friend went to the last Euro 2012 to scout for Northern Ireland's opponents. They had to hitch-hike across the border from Poland to Ukraine. But German fans were on hand to help them out, and Googled him. Now he's taking his side into a
Chris Wood puts Leeds ahead from the penalty spot after a trip on Doukara. Souleymane Doukara doubles Leeds' advantage in injury time. Burton Albion remain without an away win in the Championship this season.
Hales hit nine sixes and nine fours to take Notts to 106-0 off the first six overs. England opener almost equalled Chris Gayle's fastest-ever T20 century. Notts chased down Durham's 183-7 in just 13.5 overs to win by five wickets.
Luke Judge, from Cornwall, raised money for Rufa Fahmi in Yemen. The 11-year-old had previously raised money to help cancer patients. Mr Judge said Rufa's story had "inspired" him. He spent??25,000 of his savings to fund treatment in Paris.
Chasing 327 from 47 overs, Lancashire lost their last nine wickets for 31 runs. It was Lancashire's heaviest defeat in List A cricket.
RNLI lifeboat station in Jersey unmanned for the weekend over row. Charity says decision to remove coxswain was made due to a'serious risk' Andy Hibbs denies the claim he broke the volunteers' code of conduct.
The remains of the creatures were unearthed in south west China. They belong to a group of dinosaurs called Lufengosaurus. The creatures were preserved at different stages of their development.
Northern Ireland qualify for the World Cup for the first time since 1958. Billy Bingham's side beat the host nation in Valencia.
20 major failures from 2004 to 2013 at Furness General Hospital. Called the avoidable incidents "serious and shocking" Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the tragedy was "a second Mid Staffs" Investigation was led by Dr Bill Kirkup, a former Department of Health official.
Lewandowski had been charged with simple battery after reporter Michelle Fields said he forcibly grabbed her arm on 8 March. Prosecutors determined there was not enough evidence to convict him. Mr Lewandowski accused Ms Fields of exaggerating the event and changing her story.
Carmaker confirms it will release an all-new version of the Defender in 2015. Concept car set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show. Going from a rugged Defender to a flashy-looking Evoque is a major step.
Lisa Passey, 28, and Wayne Dale, 45, deny gross negligence manslaughter. They left Kian and another two-year-old alone while the pair entertained a friend. Giving evidence, Ms Passey said it "was down to me and Wayne... it's our fault"
Mohammed Bashir won Woking Borough Council seat by 16 votes in May 2012. A judge ruled there had been corrupt and illegal practices. Charges were brought after police investigated allegations that postal votes were fraudulently submitted. Conservatives won a subsequent by-election, held in September 2013.
Dismaland has been donated to a smaller camp in northern France. The fixtures and fittings will be used to build shelters and cooking stations. More than 150,000 people visited the exhibition at the Tropicana site in Weston.
Ex-French Minister for Health and Sport Roselyne Bachelot said Nadal's seven-month absence in 2012 was "probably due to a positive doping test" Nadal, 29, has denied ever doping and the Spanish Olympic Committee said he had passed "countless doping tests" Real Madrid have defended Nadal from "
US Navy said on 8 April that the Carl Vinson strike group was travelling to the Korean peninsula amid tensions over Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions. Last week President Trump said an "armada" was being sent. But the group was actually farther away over the weekend, moving through the Sunda Strait into the Indian
Bernard McGinley was shot dead outside a wedding in February 2015. Patrick McGinly, 46, and his son William, 27, are accused of murder. The weapon used in the shooting has not been recovered, court told.
Bedfordshire PCC Olly Martins said the force spends £3m a year on its buildings. He said many of the county's police buildings were in need of refurbishment. An online public survey opens on Friday to asses residents' views.
Karlovic, 35, served 21 aces as the world number one struggled to control his ground strokes in high winds. Karlovic will face Spain's David Ferrer, who overcame Germany's Dustin Brown 6-2 6-2.
The idea for a new bridge to ease congestion in Reading town centre has been circulating for 40 years. There are three main routes over the Thames in the area, two in Caversham, Reading and one in Sonning. Wokingham and Reading Borough Councils, along with Oxfordshire County Council and South Oxfordshire District
Eduardo will provide competition for Thibaut Courtois and Asmir Begovic. The 33-year-old played for Genoa and Braga.
The Great North Run celebrates its 36th year this year. More countries will be represented than ever before.
The Alex enquired about the 18-year-old but were turned down immediately. Rashford's rise has been meteoric after he scored twice on his United debut in the Europa League against Midtjylland. Called into the senior England squad, he scored less than three minutes into his first international appearance
Gotabhaya Rajapaksa accused of allowing private firm to establish floating armoury. It is claimed the move deprived the state of more than $75m (£57m) The charges were filed in a Colombo magistrates court by a special anti-corruption commission.
Independent Australian politician Bob Katter releases controversial political ad. He is seen blowing on a puff of smoke from a toy gun with the bodies of two "faceless men" from the major parties lying dead in the dirt. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull called on Mr Katter to withdraw the ads, which were
Measure could lead to delays of up to three years before new drugs are made available to give NHS bosses the chance to try to renegotiate the price with drug firms. Plan was agreed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence amid mounting pressure on NHS funds.
Romuald Boco puts Accrington Stanley in front after 30 minutes. Matthew Kilgallon equalises for Bradford City in the 72nd minute. Substitute Billy Clarke delivers an inswinging corner and Kilgallon scores. Accrington continue to attack and are rewarded with a winning goal in the 80th minute by Boco
Citizens Advice Scotland reveals 47% increase in food bank inquiries. It said it provided advice on emergency food providers 7,400 times in 2014/15. UK government said the report failed to recognise that poverty in Scotland was at a record low.
Harry Podmore will join Marchant de Lange in Glamorgan's squad. The Welsh county are missing four of last season's seamers. Timm van der Gugten, Graham Wagg, Michael Hogan and Ruaidhri Smith are all missing.
Stourbridge beat Northampton 1-0 in the FA Cup second round. Jack Duggan's late winner set up a third-round tie at Wycombe. Stourbridge had gone out in round two in three of the previous five seasons.
Trouble prompted police involvement outside the ground before violence behind one goal as players warmed up. "Projectiles and fireworks launched from the stands require fans to take refuge on the pitch," Lyon tweeted. The game kicked off 45 minutes late with Lyon scoring twice in the closing 10 minutes to win 2-1. Ryan
New rules come in on 1 January, which will reduce compensation to £75,000 per person, per institution. Previously, the Financial Services Compensation Scheme protected savings of up to £85,000 per account. Joint accounts will see protection cut from £170,000 to £150,000.
The 28-year-old spent last season on loan at Bournemouth. Surman has also spent time at Wolverhampton Wanderers and Norwich.
Prince Buaben has signed for Hearts on a one-year deal. The Ghanaian midfielder left Carlisle in May. He had a short spell on loan at Partick Thistle last season.
Arwel Robson's late penalty edged it, the fly-half picking himself up to score after being felled by flanker Jacopo Bianchi. Callum Bradbury, Ryan Conbeer and Phil Jones claimed tries for Wales.
Trevor Deely, 22, was last seen walking home from a Christmas party in 2000. A search of a site in Chapelizod in Dublin started early on Saturday morning. The area is three acres of Woodlands beside the R112 which runs down to the River Liffey.
The Hive, home of Barnet, hosted Arsenal for the 2017 Spring Series. Boreham Wood are undergoing refurbishments at Meadow Park. Arsenal have given a new deal to Netherlands international goalkeeper Sari van Veenendaal.
Under Armour replaced Reebok as kit supplier for Wales in 2008. New deal will see annual fee rise to around £3.7m. Millennium Stadium will be renamed the Principality Stadium in 2016.
The agreement needs ratifying at a meeting of the FIA World Motor Sport Council. F1's legislative body is expected to rubber stamp it. The double points rule was criticised for being unfair and artificial.
Labour promises to "return Britain to a leadership role" in the EU. Party also took out a full-page advertisement in the Financial Times. But a spokesman for Siemens said Labour had "over-stepped the mark"
Leicester beat Saracens 32-10 in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-final on Saturday. Tigers are fifth in the Premiership, 11 points behind fourth-placed Bath. Director of rugby Richard Cockerill has been sacked.
Rhys Browne scored the only goal of the game in the seventh minute. Eastleigh nearly equalised in the 70th minute but Ayo Obileye's header clattered against a post.
The trio all appeared at Belfast Crown Court. The charges arose from incidents in 2013. Gavin Hughes pleaded guilty to five charges, including possessing cocaine with intent to supply. His brother Gerard was handed a sentence of five years.
Nick D'Aloisio, now 18, is the product manager for Yahoo's News Digest app. He is also developing an Apple Watch version, among other projects. The app delivers two daily briefings of eight to nine stories.
Liverpool host Southampton at Anfield in the Premier League (Saturday 5.30pm) Adam Lallana could start after returning from a month's injury. Charlie Austin could make his first appearance since dislocating his shoulder.
The Queen, who turns 90 this week, is still "full of laughter", her cousin says. Margaret Rhodes said the monarch, who holidays at Sandringham, can imitate the local brogue "beautifully" She also has a sense of humour when things go pear-shaped, she said.
Armed police called to Bristol Road South branch, in Northfield, at 11:45 GMT. A female member of staff was being held hostage in an interview room. Police said a firearm was produced, but no threats or demands were made. The man, aged 60, surrendered to police at about 12:50 GMT
A 26-year-old man is expected to appear at Paisley Sherriff Court at a later date. Police thanked members of the public for their assistance.
British swimming begins the search for a new performance director. Australian Ian Scott will step aside at the end of the month. He was required to relocate to Britain, something he was unable to do. British swimming produced three medals from a target of five to seven.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling wins gold in the men's 100m butterfly. The 21-year-old sets an Olympic record time of 50.39 seconds. Schooling beat American Michael Phelps, South Africa's Chad le Clos and Hungary's Laszlo Cseh. Phelps could win
Sam Chambers is coach of Weedon Bec Primary School in Daventry. He sent his CV to the FA after England crashed out of Euro 2016. Ladbrokes has made him a 1,000/1 outsider for the job.
Andrew Rosindell said resources should be used to deal with dangerous dogs. His call follows the death on Thursday of three-year-old Neal Dexter. Dexter was mauled by an American bulldog in Essex. Breeds banned by the act are pit bull terriers, the Japanese tosa and
The 58-year-old has slipped to 100 in the world rankings. Ding Junhui defeated Ireland's Greg Casey 10-4. Liang Wenbo beat England's Joe O'Connor 10-2.
A 30-year-old man was arrested but has since been released on police bail. Police have appealed for information about the attack in the Heights area.
Coastguard received the alert just before 23:00 GMT on Saturday. They said they found the women from the pictures they sent. A police helicopter took them to hospital for treatment.
Cagney the Lhasa apso was trapped for about an hour in her Salford home. Her owner Lyn Kirkwood said she had been searching for the pooch until she "heard a whimper" and saw her back legs sticking out of the chair. She called the fire service and RSPCA, and three firefighters were trying
The animals include a leopard, two lynx and two ring-tailed lemurs. Owners Alan and Jean Mumbray admitted not having correct paperwork. They were both fined and told the animals would be found new homes.
Statement online did not say when, where or how he had died. Pentagon last month said an air strike killed him near Raqqa in Syria.
Daniel Bragg, 37, hit Julie Cook, 44, so hard he broke her eye socket. Ms Cook fell and hit her head on the floor, causing a serious injury. She died in hospital two days later. Bragg was sentenced to five years and four months in prison.
Woman in her 30s killed in collision with bus at Belfast bus station. Eyewitness says she heard a bang and saw the woman on the ground. Translink says bus driver will be given support by the company.
69-year-old motorcyclist dies after collision on Isle of Wight. His Yamaha collided with a Nissan car on 4 June. The driver of the Nissan has been discharged from hospital.
Valtteri Bottas is Ferrari's number one option should they decide not to retain Kimi Raikkonen alongside Sebastian Vettel. Williams view Button as a leading candidate should Bottas leave. McLaren have not yet decided who they will pick to drive alongside Fernando Alonso in 2016. Kevin Magnussen and Stoffel Vandoorne
Director Guy Hamilton wanted to avoid 'any deliberate comparison' between him and Sean Connery.
Age Scotland says each year about 8,640 people in Scotland wait longer than six weeks for a council care assessment. The average "worst case" is between two weeks and five months, charity says. Cosla, the umbrella body for local councils, declined to comment.
Mammal Society wants people to send in photos of wild rabbits and hares. The data will be used in a national atlas of mammals to support conservation projects. Hares may be declining in parts of the UK, while rabbits have been hit by myxomatosis and other viral diseases.
Teresa Wade, 57, Victoria Montgomery, 54, Roxanne Montgomery, 33, and Tony Hammond, 34, admitted fraud. The gang, from Essex and east London, will be sentenced later. They admitted handling about 750 puppies between July 2013 and October 2014.
Bakr Hamad, Sharif Kadir, Zana Rahim, Awat Hamasalih appeared in court. All four refused to consent to extradition when appearing. The men are due to appear before magistrates again on 20 November. They were held as part of raids in six European countries.
Until now, Prime Video has offered only on-demand films and TV shows in the UK. But the launch line-up of channels was "not immediately desirable" One analyst said the launch would struggle to attract satellite TV customers. Discovery Communications is providing the best-known pay-TV channels to the service
OFT has enabled online agents to discount the hotel's room price. Previously, the websites were unable to offer discounts. Customers must first sign up to a membership scheme with a hotel.
The index closed down by 38.63 points at 6,088.05. Shares in financial services group Old Mutual, which has interests in South Africa, sank more than 10%. Mining giant Glencore jumped 7% after it announced plans to speed up the rate at which it cuts its debts.
The station said there were "a whole range of reasons" behind the decision. Chet Faker's Talk Is Cheap was voted 2014's most popular song. Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk finished sixth on the poll.
The Super League side have played at the ground, which is owned by Bank of Ireland, since 1895. As it stands, their lease will terminate at the end of December.
Prince William says the Queen is a 'guiding example' of what a good monarch should be. The Queen, accompanied by the Duke of Edinburgh, met staff and viewed an exhibition at Windsor's Royal Mail delivery office. Royal visit marked the 500th anniversary of the postal service.
NFL had banned Brady for allegedly colluding to deflate balls during a play-off game. The league had already fined the Patriots a record $1m (£660,000) and stripped the team of two draft picks. Brady can now play on 10 September against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Line is looking to raise more than $900m (£624m) from investors. The listing, planned for July, could make it the world's biggest technology initial public offering this year. It is the most popular messaging service in Japan, Thailand and Taiwan.
Joel Warwick denied misconduct and said it was mutual flirting. Health and Care Professions Council panel said his actions in 2015 were so serious it had to suspend him. He started working at the Spalding station in August 2014.
Meden Sports Centre in Warsop, Nottinghamshire, has faced ongoing maintenance issues. Mansfield District Council has said it is "unsustainable" and has launched a consultation on its future. However, Warsop Parish Council said it was "essential" to the area and it would fight to keep it open.
Andrey Malanin, 55, lived alone on a heavily guarded street in Athens. He failed to report for work on Monday and did not answer his phone. His body was found lying on his bedroom floor with no obvious injuries.
Carlos Ghosn hints Renault's relationship with Red Bull is likely to end this year. Renault is in the process of trying to negotiate a takeover of the cash-strapped Lotus team. But Ghosn said there was still a possibility the company could walk away from F1.
BBC Northern Ireland has yet to decide on a new site. Council has set out its preferred options for the broadcaster. Lands to the rear of Belfast Central Library could be suitable.
Man, 28, was trying to recover his pet when he got stuck up a tree. Firefighters used a 30ft (9m) ladder to rescue him in Wigan.
It is believed the same group of criminals are targeting Lye Valley Industrial Estate. West Midlands Police said they will put in place extra measures to help businesses. Those with units at the site say they are worried not enough is being done.
Rishiraj Singh is the excise commissioner in the southern Indian state of Kerala. He said a case can be filed against men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds. The video of his statement has gone viral in the state, sparking humorous reactions.
Sir Bruce hosted Strictly for a decade until he stepped down last year. Last week he was forced to pull out of presenting a BBC variety show. But he is expected to recover in time to co-host Children In Need special.
UK will maintain an EU deal which provides 48 countries with duty-free access to Britain for imports. It means British firms do not pay import tariffs on goods bought from countries such as Bangladesh and Haiti. The list of countries - which also includes Ethiopia, Sierra Leone, and Uganda - is based on the UN
Claire Lomas was paralysed from the chest down in a riding accident in 2007. The 36-year-old used a ReWalk robotic exoskeleton to walk the half marathon. She said she was "over the moon" to finish the run from Newcastle to South Shields.
Six suicide attackers and an Afghan security guard were killed. At least 17 civilians were injured, police said. The Taliban said they were behind the attack.
China's central bank has tried to clamp down on rising prices. But that has done little to allay the woes of young workers who earn low wages. Some couples are even undergoing fake divorces in order to buy additional homes.
Colin Hughes was attacked in September 2010 as he went to investigate a noise at his home. Two men, aged 18 and 21, were arrested on suspicion of murder on Tuesday. Detectives have arrested six people as part of the inquiry, but no-one has been charged.
Nelson Mandela Foundation says Zuma has "failed the test" of leadership. NMF is run by colleagues of South Africa's first black president Nelson Mandela. Comes as court hears bid by Zuma's legal team to prevent release of report.
The plan is likely to come into force in 2017 and the first in the UK. It has already divided opinion among health and medical groups. Ministers say it is a 'balance of risk' and will stop children smoking. Tattoo parlours will also need licences under the Public Health Bill.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract from Liverpool. The 20-year-old has two years left on his current deal worth £35,000 a week. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says Sterling is motivated by trophies not money. Rodgers: "If the owners don't want to sell, they
In Hong Kong, a social enterprise mainly hires elderly workers at its restaurants. In Bangalore, a website sells children's clothes knitted by grandmothers. Lima Das set up Granny's Love in 2011, now has 25 grannies working with her all across India.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended 11.23 points ahead at 19,945. Investment bank Goldman Sachs led the risers, up 0.24%. The sportswear giant Nike led the fallers, down 1.2%.
The Europeans will be held at the University of Wolverhampton Sports Complex. It will be the first opportunity for judoka to pick up world ranking points. Judo for blind and visually-impaired athletes is similar to the sighted sport.
The verdict came from the Care Quality Commission's first inspection since the University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust was created in November. Inspectors visited County Hospital, formerly Stafford Hospital, and Royal Stoke University Hospital, also run by the trust.
The union announced in August that Glasgow Warriors boss Townsend would replace Cotter in June. Cotter has subsequently secured a return to France with Montpellier for next year.
Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19bn (£14.6bn) in 2014 as a way to reach out to a younger audience. The data watchdog said that Facebook and WhatsApp should process their users' data as such. WhatsApp caused controversy in August when it announced that it was changing its privacy policy to allow its
Matthew Perry'may tape something' for James Burrows tribute. Friends creator worked behind the camera on Cheers and Frasier. The End of Longing... set to run in London's West End from 2 February.
Thousands of Welsh fans travelled to France for the historic game in Lyon. Prime Minister David Cameron and Wales' First Minister Carywn Jones praised team. Despite their loss, Wales are set to move above England in Fifa world rankings.
Muslim Council of Britain (MCB) has raised concerns about anti-Muslim sentiment. Inter-faith leaders have also been invited to "demonstrate unity" More than 20 mosques were expected to take part in Visit My Mosque Day.
Sam Allardyce left his role as England manager on Tuesday. Eddie Howe has been linked with the vacant national job before. The Bournemouth boss insists he is 'absolutely committed' to the club.
G20 ministers say exit from the EU would be a'shock' to the world economy. Chancellor George Osborne says the issue is 'deadly serious' Former Chancellor Lord Lawson says warning is 'absurd' because 15 of G20 members are outside the EU.
Daniel Smith, from Rochdale, was just 21 when he was commended for his brave actions in Iraq. He has since found it difficult to get treatment, his marriage has failed and he is struggling to find work. For a number of nights each week, Mr Smith parks in a lay-by and sleeps in
Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton would put liberal justices on Supreme Court. He said gun rights advocates could stop her taking power. That sparked an online backlash, many accusing him of inciting violence. Mr Trump replied that he was only urging gun rights supporters to vote in large numbers.
Posters with the slogan "liar, liar" aimed at MPs who U-turned over their pledge to oppose fee increases. NUS president: "We won't let them trade lies for power again" Coalition decision to raise tuition fees in England to a maximum of £9,000 provoked student protests.
Kevin Hyland said it was 'deeply concerning' that hundreds of Nigerians were brought in every year for prostitution or forced labour. The anti-slavery commissioner said he can't think of anything more worrying. Figures show more than 2,000 potential trafficking victims were referred to the authorities in 2014 - 244 of whom were
Sitting for more than 10 hours a day can cause DNA protectors to fray. But health and lifestyle factors may speed up the process. Even in old age, it is important to keep active and avoid sitting.
Clashes came hours after Deputy PM apologised for violent police response. Bulent Arinc is due to hold a meeting with activists later on Wednesday. Police fire tear gas, water cannon and smoke grenades as they try to disperse protesters.
Prices were up to 5.4% compared to the same quarter in 2015. In the previous four quarters the annual rise was more than 7%. Biggest annual rise in the third quarter was in the Antrim and Newtownabbey council district.
The former BBC journalist was speaking at the presentation of the 2014 Costa Book Prize. A BBC spokesman said books and authors were "at the heart" of the corporation. Helen Macdonald's memoir H is for Hawk named Costa Book of the Year.
Samuel Armstrong, 23, is charged with two counts of rape and one of sexual assault. He has been suspended from his position as chief of staff to South Thanet's Tory MP Craig Mackinlay.
More than 50 firefighters called to Freeston Academy in Normanton, near Wakefield. The fire service said there were no injuries and students were unaffected. Local residents were advised to keep windows closed and stay inside.
Premiership club Worcester are laying a new organic surface at Sixways. They join Saracens and Newcastle in playing their home games on an all-weather pitch. Warriors' three pre-season matches are all away while their new home is being prepared.
At the end of Wednesday's trading, the FTSE 100 was down 0.62% or 46.33 points at 7,478.62. Banking stocks were among the top risers, with Lloyds Banking Group up 1.65% and RBS adding 1.35%. On the downside, pharmaceutical companies tumbled.
Systems at Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center had been affected for more than a week. Staff had been forced to carry out some tasks on paper. Ransomware is a form of malware which infects a victim's computer, locking it.
The 40-year-old fell from her mount Topwood Beau. She was airlifted to Bristol's Southmead Hospital. British Eventing said she suffered a traumatic brain injury.
David Haines was killed by so-called Islamic State fighters almost exactly one year ago. His brother Mike has been travelling the country spreading a message of tolerance and understanding. He urged UK communities to "extend the hand of friendship" to those in need.
Commons Speaker John Bercow decided to pause the process amid MPs' concerns about her suitability. Mr Straw told MPs that it was "imperative" that the future status and remit of the job was agreed upon. The clerk of the House is the principal constitutional adviser to the Commons.
Katy Stott was born 2,000ft above Orkney in 1973 on a special air ambulance flight. The aircraft was only a few minutes into the short flight when Katy's mother Freida Devin gave birth. Thick fog prevented the aircraft from landing in Kirkwall, and Captain Jamie Bayley had to divert to Aberdeen.
Labour leadership frontrunner made the remarks in 2011, shortly after the al-Qaeda chief was shot dead. A spokesman for Mr Corbyn defended the remarks saying he was "a total opponent of al Qaeda, all it stands for" Andy Burnham appealed to undecided voters, saying it was still "all to play for"
The screenplay has been written by Eric Roth - who won an Oscar for Forrest Gump. Leakey is former head of the Kenya Wildlife Service. He was key to stemming the trade in illegal ivory.
Family Guy has been a major part of the BBC Three schedule since 2006. Agreement also includes American Dad, The Cleveland Show and Bordertown. BBC still has rights to repeat episodes from previous series.
Wreath-laying ceremonies will take place in counties Cork, Meath, Wexford, Galway and Dublin, beginning at 09:45 local time in Cork. The commemoration events have been organised by the Irish government.
David Mundell has been the MP for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale since 2005. He was under-secretary of state for Scotland from 2010 to 2015. Mrs May has made big Cabinet changes including appointing Boris Johnson to foreign secretary.
Sir Paul is estimated to be worth an estimated £20m more than last year. He is well ahead of his nearest rival, Lord Lloyd Webber, who is worth £650m. The full list will be published in The Independent on 26 April.
Howard Marks was jailed in the US in 1990 after being convicted of smuggling cannabis. He recalled his exploits in a best-selling autobiography, Mr Nice, which was later made into a film starring Rhys Ifans. The father of four stood for election to Parliament in 1997 on a single-issue ticket of reforming
Somerset were set 302 to win from 46 overs at Taunton. Middlesex completed a dramatic run chase with two balls remaining. Defeat leaves Somerset sixth in the County Championship Division One table.
What can be expected of John Swinney's taxation and spending plans?
PM says Forfeiture Committee is responsible for looking at honours. Sir Jimmy was awarded OBE in 1971 and knighthood in 1996. Cabinet Office says it is possible Savile case could change rules.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final. N'Golo Kante scored the only goal of the game. Antonio Conte and Jose Mourinho had to be separated by officials.
Wasps player-manager named League One manager of the month for February. Goodwin took charge after Jack Ross moved to former club St Mirren. Alloa sit second in the table and look certainties for promotion.
Leicester City sacked manager Claudio Ranieri on Thursday. The Foxes are currently 17th in the Premier League table. Gary Lineker labelled the decision 'inexplicable' and 'gut-wrenchingly sad'
Gareth Colfer-Williams, 25, died last week at his home in Swansea. An inquest will be opened and adjourned on Tuesday to allow further tests. Since outbreak began in November, 83 people have needed hospital treatment.
Boy, 17, posted picture of Thomas Mair on Facebook the day he died. He wrote: "We need more people like him to butcher the race traitors" But he told the court earlier: "Even if we do consider someone an enemy, I don't think they should be murdered" The boy
Draft legislation was approved by 494 votes to 122, and now moves to the House of Lords. PM Theresa May wants to trigger formal talks by the end of March. She will do this by invoking Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. Labour MP Clive Lewis was one of 52 Labour MPs to defy party
Changes come into force on 1 April as a result of a revaluation of premises. Business groups and some Tory MPs have warned of high street store closures. Ministers say three quarters of businesses' rates will either go down or stay the same. But Bob Neill said the government had "swallowed
Ricky Miller opened the scoring for Dover after 46 minutes. Moses Emmanuel made it 2-0 three minutes later. The hosts remain one point off the play-off places.
Taylor made his Derbyshire debut in 2014. The 21-year-old has claimed 43 wickets in 15 matches.
Four people were badly injured when a carriage hit an empty one on 2 June. More than 30 firefighters worked alongside ambulance crews and engineers. It took four hours to free the last passengers from the ride at Alton Towers.
Barclays, JP Morgan and HSBC are among 17 banks named as part of the two-year investigation. Banks colluded, using online chat rooms to co-ordinate fictitious bids and offers, the competition commission says. It has called for the banks to be fined 10% of in-country annual turnover.
Cordina lost a split decision to Hurshid Tojibaev in the last-16 of the lightweight division at Rio 2016. The 24-year-old won a bronze medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Promoter Eddie Hearn said this week that he has talks planned with several members of the Team GB squad for
Four average 50mph enforcement cameras were installed in October. They went live on a two-mile stretch at Port Talbot on Monday. But around 125-a-day have been caught in less than a week.
plants found during the search of a warehouse near Ashbourne on Saturday. Police said they were in "an elaborate grow house" Man in his late 40s was arrested at the scene.
Pro-Kremlin party A Just Russia put forward both bills. Separatist and pro-Russian feelings are strong in Ukraine's Crimea region. There are already many Russian citizens in Crimea.
51,000 teachers were employed in state schools in Scotland in 2016. In 12 local authorities the numbers fell, with the largest percentage drop in Moray. The ratio of pupils to teachers was maintained across Scotland. But the average class size crept up slightly to 23.5 students.
Van driver had picked up the thief in Yeaman Place in his red Renault Trafic van. As he dropped him off in Forbes Road, the thief pulled out a knife. He took a two-figure sum of money and left in the direction of Bruntsfield Place.
A 9mm self-loading pistol, ammunition, four Enfield pistols and a rifle component were found at Albert Patterson's house in Hereford. The 65-year-old was jailed for 15 months at the city's Crown Court. Two charges of possessing a prohibited weapon and a second charge of possessing ammunition
Toilet will have 10 unisex stalls, plus some urinals for disabled people. Opening on 19 November will coincide with World Toilet Day. stalls will be more spacious than regular ones.
Andre Meister and Markus Beckedahl published classified documents on Netzpolitik. They indicated that Germany's intelligence service was planning to expand online surveillance. Last week the journalists announced that they were being investigated for treason.
The space station is a giant laboratory and every inhabitant is expected to get involved in the research. Some of the research is aimed specifically at gaining new insights. Others are designed to have a relevance to life on Earth.
Bartley has formed an impressive partnership with Pontus Jansson. Leeds have kept clean sheets in their last two games. The Yorkshire side were beaten in their opening two league matches of the season.
The club hopes work will begin next month. Hearts owner Ann Budge said last month that she hoped the work would be completed in September 2017. The new stand will increase the capacity to more than 7,200 from 4,720.
Angela Merkel's CDU are neck-and-neck with the Social Democrats in the polls. The regional vote in North Rhine-Westphalia is seen as a bellwether for September's general election. Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz has declared he will be the next German chancellor if his party wins.
Sergei Glazyev said the US was spending $20m a week on Ukrainian opposition groups. Accusing the US of ignoring the Memorandum on Security Assurances, he suggested Moscow could also intervene. The US embassy in Kiev declined to comment on his accusations.
Patrick Maloney, 43, died as a result of "multiple crushing injuries" A second man, Thomas McCarthy, 24, was previously charged with murder. A woman, 42, arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed.
UK Attorney General Dominic Grieve had blocked a law passed by AMs last year. He said it was not within the assembly's powers. UK ministers said they were grateful for clarity on the issue.
Band continue On the Road Again tour in South Africa. They start European leg of tour by playing Cardiff's Millennium Stadium. Zayn Malik quit the group last week after flying back to the UK.
Law would allow women to terminate pregnancy in any circumstances up to 12 weeks. Abortion is currently illegal in Sierra Leone under any circumstances. World Health Organization estimates Sierra Leone has world's highest maternal mortality ratio.
"Dependency on giving that only appears to be charitable must end," he said. Aid is believed to account for 5-6% of Kenya's total income.
Christensen joined Fulham from FC Midtjylland in January 2012. He made his Fulham debut in 2014 and scored seven goals. Christensen ended last season on loan at Burton Albion, along with Fulham forward Cauley Woodrow.
Konrad played 82 games for the Dolphins between 1999-2004. He swam the equivalent of 290 lengths of an Olympic-size swimming pool.
A deal was made by the two main parties and the British and Irish governments to resolve a crisis at Stormont. Solutions were found on issues over paramilitarism and welfare reform. But Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris said a lack of consensus over how to deal with the past was a let-down to
Liverpool's Cavern Club is celebrating 50 years since The Beatles first played there. A year and a half later, The Beatles had 292 performances at the club. The Cavern has organised a day of events to mark the anniversary.
Heather Watson beaten 7-6 (7-2) 6-2 by world number 99 Anett Kontaveit. World number 124 Broady loses 6-4 6-2 to German Julia Goerges.
Ms Yingluck was removed by a court in May 2014, shortly before the military ousted her elected government. She was later impeached over the rice subsidy scheme and banned from politics for five years. Thailand remains under martial law in the wake of the coup.
Labour leader unveiled the pledge stone at a hustings event on Sunday. He suggested it could be placed in the garden of Number 10. But Mr Miliband said he wanted to be the first politician to "over deliver" The limestone tablet has prompted its own hashtag #EdStone.
A pre-application notice was submitted for the project on Friday. It would see the creation of a new campus with all education for children aged from two to 18 in the area taking place on one site at Hartrigge Park.
Comedian Norman Collier has died at the age of 89. He had Parkinson's disease and was living in a nursing home. Collier rose to fame on the club circuit and on the Royal Variety Show.
Three first-half goals in the space of 10 minutes sentenced the O's to a fourth successive defeat. James Collins gave Crawley the lead with his 20th goal of the season midway through the half. Defender Joe McNerney rose unchallenged to head home a Payne free-kick on 29 minutes.
William Stuart, 10, from Etchingham, East Sussex has autism and cannot speak. The iPad was his only way of communicating, his family said. Two TVs and an Xbox 360 were also stolen from the family's home.
EY Item Club said higher inflation caused by a weaker pound would result in GDP growth of 1.3% in 2017 and just 1% next year. But it said rising demand for exports would offset this somewhat. Sterling has fallen by 17% against the dollar since the UK voted to quit the European Union last June. Separate
Aim is to reveal a different side to Scotland's capital city. Tours start in Grassmarket, Castle Terrace and Middle Meadow Walk. Each has a different theme and is tailored to the guide's individual experience.
Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, took their own lives at HMP Woodhill. Their relatives claimed Woodhill's governor had not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions. Governor and Justice Secretary Liz Truss said the judicial review claim was "neither appropriate or necessary"
It is nearly one year since a massive earthquake hit Nepal. The 7.8-magnitude earthquake was followed by a large number of aftershocks. Many of the country's historic sites were severely damaged. We want to tell the story of what happened during the quake.
Daily Mail branded the film, released in the UK on 20 July, "humourless" and "overlong" Many praised Christopher Nolan's directing skills, along with Anne Hathaway's turn as Selina Kyle.
Hurst joined Mansfield in June after being released by Southend. He has made 16 appearances for the League Two side this season.
Charli XCX, Ella Eyre and Lianne La Havas among female acts announced. Crack in the Road posted images of edited posters removing names of male performers. This year's Bestival theme is Summer of Love.
The FTSE 100 ended down 55.78 at 5974.54 points, with Anglo American the biggest loser. Shares in British Gas owner, Centrica, were the best performer, rising through the day to end up 7%. On the wider market, Tullow Oil tumbled 11% after the oil producer said there
Many targeted athletes "simply could not be found", says World Anti-Doping Agency. On some days "up to 50% of tests were aborted", according to report. Wada did praise improvements made to Rio's anti-doping laboratory.
Two employees of the Council on American Islamic Relations were quarantined. A note reading "die a painful death, Muslims" was found with the powder. The package is now being passed to the FBI for further inspection.
Matthew Smith, 23, has been charged with murder. He will next appear in court on 28 September.
Mr Zhou is the latest in a string of high-profile businessmen in the country to temporarily disappear. Chinese media reports have speculated he has been picked up by the police as part of Beijing's anti-corruption drive.
BBC bosses had managed to keep the launch of a whole new BBC Scotland channel entirely secret until it was announced to staff on Wednesday morning. No one knew that there would be an hour-long news programme with Scottish, UK and world news at 9pm instead.
A plan for the system has been in place since 2007 but prescribing is still paper-based in Welsh hospitals. The scheme must be in place by 2023, but the WAO wants it brought in sooner. Report looked at other areas of prescribing and found there were some safety issues.
Its shares slid 7.6% to their lowest level since March, and the company was the biggest faller on the FTSE 100. Royal Mail is now seeking cost savings of £600m a year, up from a previous target of £500m.
Strathspey Steam Railway needs a crossing on the River Dulnain so it can offer journeys between Aviemore and Grantown-on-Spey.
German media have laid bare their version of how a British exit from the EU could finish. Der Spiegel predicts a catastrophe: bad for Germany, bad for Britain and cataclysmic for Europe. A recent YouGov poll revealed nearly one in three Germans would vote to leave the EU. Angela Merkel has yet to announce
Laura Turner sent a series of lewd messages to one of her co-workers. Staff at the University Hospital of North Durham said comments had a 'devastating' effect. One victim said she was angry and in disbelief and 'went to have a little cry' Ms Turner was dismissed after the Facebook comments were
Wakaa The Musical is the first Nigerian-produced musical to be performed at a London theatre. It aims to give audiences a taste of modern day Nigeria.
Music manager Irving Azoff said artists were paid a "pittance" on the site. He also accused YouTube of "hiding behind" a so-called "safe harbour" provision of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. But YouTube said average user listened to only one hour of music a month.
Vivian Gabb, 59, was in the final stages of buying a house when the scammers struck. They sent her a message disguised as a follow-up email from her solicitor, asking for nearly £50,000.
Accident happened on the A98, three miles from Fraserburgh. Female driver was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary for treatment.
University of Manchester researchers have made a digital Argentinosaurus robot. It worked out how this 80-tonne monster would have moved its vast bulk. The study is published in an issue of PLoS One on "sauropod gigantism"
Braulio Jatar was taken into custody on 3 September. He published videos of a protest against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Protests have been a regular occurrence in Venezuela as the opposition calls for President Maduro to be removed from power.
A consultation prompted 620 responses, with 98% saying owners should clean up after pets. 69% said dogs should be excluded from play areas. But 70% did not want to see dogs excluded from beaches.
The Dow Jones added 58.69 points to finish at 17,958.79. The S&P 500 added 3.45 points to 2,075.37. Banks and financial institutions topped the list of gainers on the Dow.
The International Bomber Command Centre is due to open in 2016. A memorial spire has already been erected at the site in Lincoln. Organisers want to invite every veteran to the unveiling on 2 October.
More than 16 million drivers are set to take to UK roads this weekend. Four million will travel on Good Friday and 4.5 million on Easter Sunday. Arriva Trains says passengers in Wales will face delays if travelling to London.
Bus was carrying 46 passengers and two drivers when it burst into flames. The cause of the fire near Stammbach in northern Bavaria is unknown.
Magoffin suffered the injury during the first innings of Sussex's win over Worcestershire. It was only the 37-year-old's second Championship appearance of the season. Sussex are currently fifth in the Division Two table.
England were bowled out for 135-7 at Old Trafford. Sharjeel Khan (59) and Khalid Latif (59) shared an opening stand of 107. It is England's joint-second biggest T20 defeat in terms of balls remaining.
Ann Maguire, 61, was stabbed to death by a 15-year-old pupil in Leeds in April. Her attacker Will Cornick, now 16, was jailed for a minimum of 20 years in November. A plaque has been unveiled in her hometown of Wigan, Greater Manchester.
Sturgeon said leadership qualities of Ms Wood were proved in TV debates. She told Plaid's conference she knew Ms Wood would "stand firm" against cuts. Ms Sturgeon also thanked Plaid Cymru for backing the 2014 referendum.
The incident took place on the train service between Dunblane and Edinburgh. The guard on board was shouted and sworn at aggressively before being spat at by a passenger. He was described as aged about 20-years-old, of skinny build, with short blonde hair and a Scottish accent.
Maya Kodnani, an ex-minister and aide to Chief Minister Narendra Modi, is the most senior figure so far convicted. Thirty others received life sentences for their part in the killings in Naroda Patiya, a suburb of Ahmedabad. The riots left more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, dead
Nine Italians, seven Japanese, one US citizen and an Indian were among the dead. Two police officers also died and 30 were injured. After a 12-hour siege, commandos rescued 13 people. The so-called Islamic State (IS) group said it was behind the attack.
Conor McGregor submitted a waiver to the Nevada Athletic Commission on Wednesday. The NAC, which sanctioned the bout, expected to receive the request on Thursday. Rules state fights at 154 lbs require 10oz gloves and the matter will now be debated on 16 August. During his UFC career, McGregor has used 4oz
The case was lodged by the US company that owns the rights to the 2013 movie. The court said the data could only be used to secure "compensation for the infringements" of copyright.
Flower was sent off in the first minute of the 2014 Grand Final against St Helens. He will miss the final Super Eights game against Catalans and the semi-final. A disciplinary panel also fined the 28-year-old £300 for the grade C offence.
Nasa has set out a three part plan to send humans to Mars by the 2030s. In the "Proving Ground" part of their plan, they hope to be able to do experiments in a "deep space" environment which will allow scientists and astronauts to return to Earth in a matter of days.
HP split into two separate companies in November - one focused on the printer and PC businesses and the other on corporate services. Shares of Hewlett Packard Inc fell 4% while services focussed Hewlett Packard Enterprises rose 2.3%. The Dow Jones gained 19 points to close at 17,812, after a bumpy start.
Girls and women have been freed from Boko Haram camps in the Sambisa Forest. However, the girls abducted from a school in Chibok in April 2014 are not among them. A military spokesman said they were now being interviewed.
Move apparently follows a request from Netanyahu's office. It also comes ahead of a speech by US Secretary of State John Kerry. Decision to abstain infuriated Mr Netanyahu, whose spokesman said he had "ironclad information" from Arab sources.
Lasse Schone (Ajax) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Nicolai Brock-Madsen (PEC Zwolle) header from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Ajax take the three points thanks to a penalty. Mustafa Saymak
There were 96,910 residential transactions across the UK in June. That is a fall of 3.3% on May's number, and the lowest total since October 2016. Property experts think the figures give a more accurate indication of the health of the market.
Barnsley have lost their last seven league games in all competitions. The Tykes were knocked out of the FA Cup by Altrincham on Saturday. Barnsley are 22nd in League One after just four wins from 16 games.
Damien Chazelle's La La Land wins People's Choice Award. The jazz film is the follow up to Whiplash, which won an Oscar. Previous winners include 12 Years a Slave and The King's Speech.
The huge naan bread was cooked by firefighters in Hampshire. It was sold for £3 per portion to raise money for charity. The creation was confirmed as successful by Guinness World Records.
Military Tattoo will pay tribute to the Queen, who celebrated her 90th birthday this year. Fringe remains the world's largest arts festival with 3,269 shows at 294 venues. International Festival will host some of the finest performers from worlds of theatre, music, opera and dance.
Boy groomed some of the girls on Facebook and encouraged them to send him photos of their breasts. He was aged between 14 and 16 when he committed the 10 offences. Judge Michael Heath said he regarded him as "dangerous" but would not impose an extended sentence because of his age.
French financier Jean-Baptiste de Franssu will take over as head of the bank. Ernst von Freyberg was appointed by former Pope Benedict just before his retirement in February 2013. Allegations were made that the Vatican bank had been used by money launderers.
YouGov poll suggests Mr Corbyn would get 53% of support. Shadow minister Tristram Hunt warned a victory could reduce Labour to pressure group. Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall are the other candidates for the leadership.
The bill's passage in the lower house triggered large street protests. On Monday, as the bill went to the Senate, tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets of Bangkok. Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra - who is Mr Thaksin's sister - has promised to respect the Senate
JP Morgan executive said "hundreds" of staff may move to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. It is understood the number of people who would be relocated involves between 500 and 1,000 jobs. Standard Chartered bank said it was in talks with German regulators about making Frankfurt its Europe base. However, Standard said the
Rutherford recorded 8.18m in his final jump to win. Holly Bradshaw set a new British women's pole vault record of 4.80m. There was a minute's silence before the event for victims of Monday's attack.
University College, London report said parents may not realise how much young children should be eating. For every extra 24 calories consumed during each meal, there was a 9% increased risk of becoming overweight or obese.
Michelle O'Neill said the DUP's actions had "diminished the credibility" of the political institutions. She said it was now "over to the people to have their say"
Scottish Medicines Consortium is due to take evidence on Kadcyla on Tuesday. It is used to treat a specific type of tumour when it spreads to other parts. Currently, it is not approved for use on the NHS in Scotland. Lesley Graham is one of four women calling for it to be made
Aswad Thomas headed Tranmere into the lead after 22 minutes. Andy Cook scored either side of half-time for the visitors. An own goal from Mitchell Walker and Ben Tollitt's fourth added gloss to the scoreline.
Owen and Karl Oyston sued fan David Ragozzino for £150,000 over a post on website Another View From the Tower. The judge at Manchester Civil Justice Centre gave him 21 days to respond to the claim.
Team Sky's Froome survived the final descent into Morzine to maintain his overall lead. Froome's lead over Romain Bardet of four minutes five seconds will not be tested on the final stage in Paris. Stage 20 was won by Spanish Movistar rider Jon Izaguirre.
The first half of the Glasgow School of Art building was completed in 1899. But the dramatic art nouveau design of the building in the Garnethill area of the city took another 12 years to be completed. It heralded the birth of a new style in 20th Century European architecture.
Motherwell winger Dom Thomas has joined Queens Park Rangers. The 20-year-old has made seven first-team appearances this season. Motherwell assistant James McFadden let him join Queens.
Mr McIlhagga, 42, was killed by a masked gang outside a house in Ballymoney. Three men arrested on Wednesday are aged 24, 41 and 48.
The rig ran aground off Lewis during a storm on Monday while being transported to Malta. Sightseers have been warned to stay away from the scene of the grounding. A 300m temporary exclusion zone has been put in place around Dalmore beach.
Man had left medals on a work surface to clean before leaving home. He returned to find that they had vanished from his home in Bristol. It is thought someone entered the house via a rear door.
Petition to restrict the use of fireworks attracted more than 100,000 names. It was started to reduce stress and fear in people and animals. MP Philip Hollobone called for government to go further. But business minister Jo Johnson dismissed a ban and insisted laws work well.
Mr Cruz attacked Mr Rubio by name for his bipartisan work in the Senate to pass immigration reform in 2013. He said the Florida Senator backed legalisation that would give a pathway to citizenship for undocumented workers. Mr Rubio fired back that he was "puzzled and surprised" by Mr Cruz's words.
Victim claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar when he was 16 in 1984. All five men were aware of the claims but did nothing, he said. A complaint has also been made to West Yorkshire Police.
Jockeys are worried about losing a rare rest day and the effect on their awards night. The move could provide the sport with a windfall of more than £1m. But the organiser of a Good Friday charity open day has called the proposal "greedy and selfish"
Women in Democracy Caucus also wants extra support for women AMs. Leader said women's voices were "not being heard"
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal. The German midfielder is under contract until 2018. Olivier Giroud and Alexis Sanchez' futures are less clear.
Samy Amimour was one of three suicide attackers who killed 90 people. He was buried in a cemetery in Seine-Saint-Denis where he grew up. Only a few people attended and the grave is unmarked.
Wade Ormsby of Australia leads the way on six-under-par. Masters champion Garcia trails by two shots. England's Tommy Fleetwood is tied for sixth, three strokes adrift.
Ruweyda has selective mutism, a form of anxiety. She's started taking a special music class which has helped her to speak at school.
SS Politician ran aground in 1941 with 28,000 cases of whisky on board. Eight bottles were recovered by a diver on the Isle of Canna in 1987. The National Trust for Scotland has suggested two more bottles should be added.
Blick Mead site is about 1.5 miles (2.4km) from Stonehenge. Archaeologists said carbon dating had just been confirmed. But they raised concerns about possible damage to the site. Department of Transport said it would "consult before any building"
A think tank says a decline in trade would cost the economy "far more" than would be gained from lower EU contributions. The Centre for Economic Performance is based at the London School of Economics. Vote Leave described the claims as "ridiculous" and lacking "credibility"
Nouha Dicko scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Fulham's 3-1 win over Aston Villa and Sheffield Wednesday's 2-1 victory at QPR sees Leeds drop into seventh place. The win secures Wolves' Championship status for another season on 54 points.
Jennifer Lawrence said she only found how much less she was being paid when emails from Sony Pictures were hacked last year. "I didn't get mad at Sony. I got mad at myself. I failed as a negotiator because I gave up early," she said.
Simon Dredge suffered life-threatening injuries in the crash on Wednesday. He was travelling in the boat along with three other professional crew. Powerboat company said the boat was on its first test run when it overturned.
Ponds on the surface of the Khumbu glacier in the Himalayas have expanded and joined together to form larger bodies of water. Scientists say the warning is the first of its kind for Khumbu. The accelerated meltdown of glaciers in the region is causing concern.
Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter.
Pope grants Spanish Monsignor Lucio Vallejo Balda a Christmas-time clemency. He served half of his 18-month sentence, the Vatican said. The priest was convicted in July after he was found guilty of leaking confidential papers.
Zachary Quinto: "It is definitely high time for an LGBT character to be included" Chris Pine: "I'm a little stunned there's been so much attention given to it" George Takei - Sulu in original Star Trek TV series - described the move as "really unfortunate" Star Trek Beyond
Labour's Sadiq Khan defeated Conservative Zac Goldsmith to become London mayor. The SNP will retain its grip on government, after having claimed 59 of the 73 constituency seats up for grabs. Overall, the SNP will occupy 63 of the 129 seats at Holyrood.
Work and Pensions Secretary says reforms will save taxpayer £50bn by 2015. Disability Trust charity says the reforms are part of a 'triple whammy' of factors hitting disabled people.
Eugene was given the event by the IAAF without a bidding process. French officials are already investigating corruption allegations involving former IAAF president Lamine Diack. Gothenburg, which missed out, described the process as "bad ethics"
Uxbridge MP has been an outspoken opponent of further expansion at Heathrow. Mr Johnson said he thought he "would be best off staying in Parliament to fight the case" He added that he thought Heathrow was "undeliverable"
Nathan Smith's overhead kick hit the bar and bounced in off keeper Dean Snedker's back to give the Gulls an early lead. Kelvin Langmead then headed in before Arthur Gnahoua shot home the equaliser. Smith poked in an 82nd-minute winner after a goalmouth scramble to
He was caught when the National League for Democracy party made his CV public. A party spokesman told the BBC that the fake degree did not matter. It remains to be seen if Kyaw Win remains on the list of cabinet ministers.
11-year-old Francis Rowntree died after he was hit by a rubber bullet in 1972. The coroner said the inquest would be'severely hampered' if he could not attend. He said the man's heart condition had to be a factor when deciding whether to compel him to give evidence
Launched last year, the widely unpopular programme saw presenters mingle with a live audience and included funny home-video clips. A spokesman said this year's show will "have a traditional look and feel"
Three homeowners own the boundary wall along the River Arun in West Sussex. It gave way in January after high tides and heavy rainfall. But their insurers have refused to pay for repairs. Local MP Nick Herbert described it as a "deeply unsatisfactory situation"
David Annett admitted defrauding the First Trust Bank, two counts of theft and transferring over £110,000 of property out of his employer's business account. In August 2012, Annett went into Lurgan police station to admit responsibility.
Manchester United beat Hull City 1-0 at the KCOM Stadium. Teenager Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game. Zlatan Ibrahimovic missed the best chance of the first half.
Argentina are fifth in the 10-team South American qualifying group. Only the top four qualify for the World Cup in Russia. Finishing fifth would mean a play-off against a team from Oceania.
Ms Pomsel was secretary to Joseph Goebbels during World War Two. She said she knew little of Nazi's brutal actions during the Holocaust. But she always maintained she did not share in the blame for their actions.
Nato Secretary-General says Russia has not provided "real explanation" of violation. Russia says Saturday's incursion was brief and due to bad weather. It is also examining claims of another violation that Turkey says took place on Sunday.
Swansea City beat Everton 1-0 to climb out of the relegation zone. Leon Britton paid for all the fans' tickets at the Liberty Stadium. Paul Clement's side travel to Sunderland on the final day of the season.
Truck bomb in Sadr City targeted Shia militiamen, Sunni jihadist group claims. Medics say more than 20 civilians died when bombs dropped by Iraqi air force hit maternity and children's hospital in Falluja. Violence comes after top American general said US should consider embedding American troops with Iraqi forces.
Cheryl Cope, 51, from Haringey, had suffered flu-like symptoms for 10 days. She was admitted to the Whittington Hospital in London on 27 February. The inquest heard she should have been diagnosed as having sepsis. Blood poisoning or sepsis is a potentially life threatening condition.
Gary Price was suspended from all council duties for five months in November. Powys council's Standards Committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct. His appeal has been dismissed by the Adjudication Panel for Wales.
The cinema chain has "provided the British public with unforgettable cinema experiences" The Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award is presented annually. Previous recipients include Mike Leigh, Sir Kenneth Branagh and John Hurt.
Barrow extended their unbeaten league run to nine games with the victory. Braintree's losing run extended to three games.
The Australian Open and US Open winner was too strong for Agnieszka Radwanska. Kerber dominated for a 6-2 6-1 victory over the Pole to make it six wins apiece in their head-to-head.
Report says sell-off could raise £159bn for social housing stock. Number 10 says councils can choose to sell off properties. But Labour says move would drive out hard-working families.
Alice Loveridge won her women's singles match and teamed up with Dawn Morgan and Garry Dodd for doubles wins. Gotland and Guernsey have shared the table tennis gold medals between them for the past decade. Jonathan De La Haye won Jersey's seventh shooting gold medal at the 2015 Island Games.
ITV's previous chief executive, Adam Crozier, left in June. Ms McCall will not take up her new post until January next year. Carillion shares leapt 19% on the news it was part of a consortium granted HS2 contracts by the government.
Manchester City face Barcelona in the Champions League next week. Pep Guardiola won the European Cup both as a player and a coach with the La Liga side. Guardiola accepts City may have a confidence problem facing Barca.
Lord Sugar said a spin-off would inspire young entrepreneurs. The BBC said there are no current plans to broadcast a series. Earlier this year, BBC Two broadcast a programme from Dragons' Den.
Jules Bianchi remains in a coma nine months after his crash in Japan. The Marussia driver crashed into a recovery vehicle at Suzuka. His father Philippe says his son has shown "no significant progress"
Waldek Mural, 57, was found dead in Burley Park on 5 September. A post-mortem examination showed he had died as a result of multiple injuries. Grzegorz Kowalczyk, 41, from Headingley, has been remanded in custody.
Criminal gang thought to have punctured pipeline, says local official. Mexican President Felipe Calderon visits scene and promises investigation.
Jamie Cox was sentenced to 26 weeks for common assault after he attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth, south London last year. The Swindon-based WBO European super-middleweight title holder had denied assault. His sentence was suspended at an appeal at Croydon Magistrates' Court.
Church in Munslow awarded £100,000 to repair roof and stonework. Five churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire also given grants. Diocese of Hereford said £200,000 still needed to be raised for repairs.
Russian news agency Interfax says 7 people died and 20 were hospitalised. There has been no independent confirmation of the claim. It comes after reports that chlorine gas was dropped on a rebel-held town.
Andy Murray beats Juan Monaco 7-5 4-6 6-2 7-5 in the Olympic final. It is Britain's most successful day at an overseas Games with five golds. Murray's win comes five weeks after he claimed his second Wimbledon title.
Arthur came into the studio for a live interview with his owner who has written a book about it. Here are his best bits.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrive in Canada for nine-day tour. William begins speech in French, Canada's official language alongside English. Couple will stay at Government House, known as Rideau Hall, in Ottawa.
Charity began carrying Babypods for emergency missions in 2013. New incubators will attach to existing equipment in the helicopter. They also have a transparent chamber, allowing babies to be monitored.
The bird, named LM12, arrived on Thursday, the earliest reappearance of a resident bird there in almost 50 years. Its mate LF15 is expected soon at the Scottish Wildlife Trust reserve near Dunkeld.
She made the announcement at the Dorset Rape Crisis charity screening. Charity said it was "excited" she had agreed to take the position. storyline of Broadchurch centred on the rape of Trish Winterman.
Review of how Thomas Cook dealt with deaths of Bobbi and Christi Shepherd in 2006 shows how the tragedy was then compounded by the company's reaction. Take one small example - Thomas Cook's response to a request from the family for legal support during the inquest. In 2014, the company turned down the request,
Joey Barton will return to full-time training, according to Rangers. The 34-year-old has been absent since a training-ground row in September. Barton is also facing Scottish FA charges for breaching betting rules.
Hemel Hempstead-born 37-year-old succeeds fellow Briton Ian Poulter. This year's tournament was the first since 2008.
The 27-year-old has two senior international caps for Sweden. The former Udinese man initially joined the Hornets on loan in 2012, before signing on a free transfer in July 2013.
Chris Rea is a multi-million album-selling, car-themed singer-songwriter. He was in charge of Eddie Irvine's right-rear tyre at the 1995 Monaco Grand Prix. Rereleased his double-album and DVD La Passione 20 years after "too many people got involved the first time
Two mid-ranking al-Qaeda officials killed in drone strike, Yemeni officials say. Pentagon refuses to comment on reports that Anwar al-Awlaki was specifically targeted.
Mark Mason, 48, died after being stabbed at the town's Home Bargains car park. James Davies, 20, from Liverpool, denies murder and malicious wounding with intent. Anthony Baines, 30, and Mark Ennis, 30, also deny the same charges. Jake Melia, 21, has admitted all charges
The Joiners Arms, in Hackney Road, east London, shut in 2015. Regal Homes, which wants to build nine flats on the site, incorporating a bar, has agreed to the planning condition. Tower Hamlets Council imposed the condition after the area lost 73% of its LGBT venues since 2006.
Conlan and Donnelly have since turned professional and are not impacted by sanctions including an obligation to follow integrity education programmes. The Olympic Council of Ireland and British Olympic Association were also sanctioned with a reprimand. Participants are not permitted to bet on Olympic events and the trio violated the Rio 2016 Rules on the Prevention of the
Michael Gove says the EU had "proved a failure on so many fronts" He is the most high-profile minister to declare for out so far. Four other cabinet ministers - Iain Duncan Smith, Chris Grayling, John Whittingdale and Theresa Villiers - have also signed up.
HMS Hebe was a minesweeper deployed to Dover as a control vessel. The ship crossed the Channel to Dunkirk three times during those chaotic days. Harold Biles marked his 28th birthday during the height of the bombardment.
Head Bill Lord sets aside £3,500 from his annual budget to pay for extra holiday. He said it was about recruiting and keeping "fantastic teachers in front of children" A 'duvet day' is an absence which can be approved by the employer.
Putin said the ruling was 'cynical' and 'humiliates those who take such decisions' Only Russian track and field athletes were banned from the Olympics.
Crickhowell High School approached Powys council offering to manage the library. It would mean the service can meet its local savings target. The library would stay in its Silver Street location.
The magnitude-7.3 quake hit at a depth of 10km (six miles) at 01:25 on Saturday. A tsunami warning was issued, and lifted some 50 minutes later. Public broadcaster NHK says the dam collapsed in the Nishihara village. Japan is regularly hit by earthquakes but stringent building codes mean
Firefighters remained at the scene until after 05:30 BST on Wednesday. The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
Johnny McGurk, 49, is accused of stealing £572,206 from quarry firm Patrick Bradley Ltd. He was released on bail and will appear in court again on 19 November. Accused of 36 counts of fraud relating to sums of allegedly stolen money.
The £1.2m facility serving Llandaff North and Gabalfa will be opened on Tuesday. It houses a library, advice services, children's area, IT suite and a community cafe.
Nato says it took unprecedented care to minimise civilian casualties. It argues that it has had no presence on the ground to confirm the deaths. Amnesty International documented 55 cases of named civilians killed in air strikes.
It was due to be held at Queen's University in Belfast in June. Vice chancellor cited concerns about the security risk for delegates.
The 80ft structure will be located on a raised part of the seafront in Redcar.
The 31-year-old won the 13.1-mile race in 59 minutes, 32 seconds. Farah, also world champion at 5,000m and 10,000m, beat Kenya's Micah Kogo.
The first round of talks was suspended last month while still in the "preparatory" phase. Mr de Mistura said the agenda would include the formation of a transitional administration and elections. It is not clear who will attend the indirect talks in Geneva, with some opposition leaders yet to confirm.
The World Championships run from 21-27 August in Glasgow. GB Badminton was hit with the "devastating" news late last year that it would lose all UK Sport support leading towards the 2020 Games. Half of the English players and support staff had to be cut from the programme.
The 19-year-old was arrested after the incident at Killylea Road. He was detained on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon. The teenager has since been released on bail pending further inquiries.
Lawsuit argues that the policy is unconstitutional. Women account for 14% of the 1.4 million active US military personnel.
Pope Benedict, or rather Emeritus Pope Benedict to give him his new official title, lives only a few hundred metres away from his successor Pope Francis. The two popes visit each other occasionally and communicate fairly frequently by telephone and letter. "He lives discreetly without a public life, but that doesn't mean
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod yn rhaid i awdurdodau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r sefyllfa.
18th Century building containing two businesses destroyed in Sudbury. One woman rescued from an upstairs flat by on-call retained fire fighters. Suffolk Fire Service investigating why all other crews were not alerted. Council considering making £1m cuts to the fire service's budget.
Wales have not beaten New Zealand in 26 matches since 1953. All Blacks are undefeated at Eden Park since 1994. Wales are yet to beat New Zealand on their own turf.
Tranmere Rovers beat Dover Athletic 1-0 in their Vanarama Conference clash. Cole Stockton scored the only goal of the game in the 68th minute. Tranmere have now won their last three league games.
Grimsby broke the deadlock when Tom Bolarinwa slotted home. Accrington pushed for an equaliser with John O'Sullivan's strike clipping the side-netting. Ashley Chambers sealed the points when top-scorer Omar Bogle set up Chambers.
Returning officers ordered to deliver paper copies of constituency tallies. Uhuru Kenyatta has been leading in early presidential results. He is due to stand trial at The Hague next month for allegedly fuelling violence. His closest rival is outgoing Prime Minister Raila Odinga.
Ten people were detained in the St Petersburg raids. Forty-four Russians expelled from Montenegro are also being investigated.
Ethiopia's world champion Mare Dibaba took the bronze medal. London Marathon winner Sumgong, 31, finished in two hours 24 minutes four seconds. GB's Alyson Dixon and Sonia Samuels finished 28th and 30th respectively.
Bert Davidson had not seen his 1929 Humber since he sold it nearly 60 years ago. But a few years ago he was contacted by Robin Wills, whose father had owned the saloon car in the 1960s and 70s. Mr Wills has since restored the dilapidated car to its former glory. After
The mother of two ran the perfect tactical race to match the gold won by Paula Radcliffe in Munich 12 years ago. She becomes the oldest female gold medallist in the championships' history.
Jonathan Bell had been removed from office by the DUP as part of the rolling resignation scheme in response to a Stormont crisis. The crisis was sparked in September 2015 and centred around allegations that IRA members had murdered Kevin McGuigan. Two days earlier a reduced tariff system for the Executive's RHI scheme
Peter Morgan had been dating Georgina Symonds for three years. He owned a bungalow in the grounds of a castle in Llanmartin, south Wales. The property developer was infatuated with and hoped to build a future with her. But she turned to drink and drugs to cope after her on/off boyfriend
Masuri have given the BBC an exclusive look at its new helmet. The "stemguard" is a device made of foam and a rubber-like compound. Australian batsman Phillip Hughes died after being hit by a bouncer.
Ms Taylor, 22, ar l i'w charro da charro blocau yn aflatner ddydd Gwener. Cafwyd Melissa Pesticcio, 23 o Lanrhym, yn eufol o aafiasi ei marwolaeth trwy yr
Millwall win 3-1 on aggregate to reach League One play-off final. Lee Gregory, Steve Morison and Joe Martin scored for Lions. Jamie Proctor's strike gave Bradford hope before half-time. Lions will now face Barnsley in the final on 29 May.
William Johnston admitted dumping the rubbish, described as building material and household waste. Suffolk Police said it was a "potential danger to motorists and other members of the public" The 44-year-old admitted the whole episode was "hugely embarrassing" and "regrettable"
Geckolepis megalepis has largest scales of any known gecko. Skin of fish-scale geckos is specially adapted to tearing.
The fine is the largest in China's corporate history. Move could help Chinese smartphone makers Xiaomi and Huawei. Qualcomm said on Monday it would not contest the ruling.
Co-Group F leaders meet in Praia Saturday and in Marrakech Tuesday. Only mini-league winners are guaranteed places at the finals in Gabon. Cape Verde topping the table on goal difference. Nigeria and Egypt in Group G and Cameroon and South Africa in Group M.
Aberdeen's Graeme Shinnie was a notable absentee from the national coach's two separate squads named for friendlies against Czech Republic and Denmark. "I know Gordon can only pick so many, but I wouldn't swap him for anybody," said Dons boss Derek McInnes. Celtic's 18-year
Uptown Funk pushed Ed Sheeran down to number two in the singles chart. The track's release date was brought forward by five weeks. A cover version by Fleur East topped the iTunes chart last week.
In Knowsley there are less than 20% of students taking A-levels in schools. In 27 authorities, fewer than a quarter of pupils in this age group are taking them. Department for Education says figures are 'completely misleading'
Coronation Street picked up a special honorary award. Doctor Who won best family drama prize. Ashes To Ashes named best drama. Britain's Got Talent triumphed over Dancing On Ice.
About 2,000 plants found behind former Blockbuster premises in Kirkgate. Police were called about suspicious activity in the area. Officers are appealing for information about vans being loaded or unloaded.
University student Shiromini Satkunarajah has been refused asylum. She is due to finish her degree in electrical engineering this summer. Thousands of people have signed a petition to stop her deportation.
Cardiff branch has been designated as suitable to offer HND business courses. Students on those courses can also apply for Student Finance Wales loans and grants. Week In Week Out has been investigating offers made by a local agent recruiting for the college.
Border agents encountered two men carrying backpacks near Sumas, Washington. One of the men dropped his backpack, fired a weapon at the agents, officials said. Canadian and US police searched for the fugitive on foot and by helicopter. Two others were arrested and accused of planning to transport the drugs.
The section of debris was brought ashore by boatmen in November. It was from the first stage of a mission to the International Space Station. SpaceX said the material would "probably" be shipped back to the USA.
The 30-year-old complained about her portrayal in the media. Anthony was convicted of lying to police but acquitted of murder. The 2011 case drew millions of viewers across the US.
Kaesong was one of the last points of co-operation between the two Koreas. The North reacted to the shutdown by expelling all South Koreans from the complex. It has also vowed to cut key communication hotlines with the South.
Manchester City have been fined £25,000 and warned about their conduct. The club failed to provide accurate information on three occasions.
Jamie Chapman remanded in custody by magistrates in Birmingham. The 28-year-old is due to appear at Birmingham Crown Court on 9 December. He is charged with rape, causing or inciting a boy to engage in sexual activity.
15% of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are very concerned about Christmas spending. The average cost in the area is expected to be £497.23, the highest after North Yorkshire at £508.82. Figures also suggest 13% of people could resort to borrowing, more than twice the level in other areas.
England were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their final Group B game. The result means Chris Coleman's side finish top of the group. Wayne Rooney came on for Jack Wilshere after 55 minutes.
Amelia Welch, 20, was partying with friends in Plymouth when she lost her hand. The Plymouth University marine biology student said she only realised the prosthetic was missing the following morning. She thinks she could have left it in a nightclub and forgot to pick it up.
Neville was sacked by Valencia on Wednesday after less than four months. The 41-year-old said it was his call to appoint former assistant Ayestaran in February. Neville won 10 of his last 28 league games in charge of the club.
Staffordshire bull terrier Ziggy was found in Peterborough woodland. X-rays showed a bolt had missed his skull and vital organs. RSPCA Insp Justin Stubbs helped a vet "slowly, slowly pull the bolt out" The two-year-old dog had been deliberately shot. It is thought Ziggy only survived
Details of a major hack emerged last week, but officials have now given details of a potential second breach. It is feared that the attack could leave US security personnel or their families open to blackmail. The document includes personal information - everything from eye colour, to financial history, to past substance abuse.
Central bank says that otherwise the country may struggle to honour its pension commitments. It points out that the state pension system is in good financial health at present. But as baby-boomers retire there will be fewer younger workers to replace them.
Tom Woolstencroft and Marcus Garratt both join Bath on two-year deals. The 21-year-old hookers were both on loan at Cornish Pirates last season.
Marianne Vos won the second stage of the women's Tour Down Under. Lisa Brennauer was edged into second by Holland's Marianne Vos. Lizzie Armistead was the highest-placed Briton, in 18th.
The motorway was closed between junction nine at Moira and junction eight at Blaris. One driver took 76 minutes to travel between Lurgan and Moira. Traffic diversions were in place during a clean-up operation.
The names of the 2013 Sports Personality will be announced on Tuesday. The show will take place in Leeds on Sunday, 15 December. A capacity crowd of about 12,000 will attend the show at the First Direct Arena.
First and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known as the Royal Prerogative to create the role for former BBC journalist David Gordon. The Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt said he was not made aware of the move.
Fire crew called to out-of-control bonfire with gas canisters in it. Seconds later, two youths were hurt when the fire flared up in their faces. Overall, Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it was a successful Bonfire Night.
ATP chief executive Chris Kermode is to launch a major review into the future of men's tennis. He says there are "five tennis stakeholders" to consider - players, tournaments, fans, sponsors and the media. The ATP has secured deals worth $160m (£106m) over the next
The Trust is searching for the remains of a village which was engulfed by sand. Recent storms have eroded the cliffs below where the village was located. There are fears further erosion will mean it will be lost to the sea.
Aaron Shingler, Jonathan Evans and DTH van der Merwe score tries for Scarlets. Hadleigh Parkes' score - following a superb break by Rhys Patchell 30 seconds after the break - clinched the bonus point and the game.
Iran has denied deploying any combat troops in Syria, but a week before the offensive began, it was reported that hundreds of Iranian troops had arrived. Iran also announced the deaths of four high-ranking officers from the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) It implies that Iran may be more involved in the war than
Ian Poulter on course for first European Tour win in two years. Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez in a six-way share of second place. Sergio Garcia, highest ranked player in the field, two over.
Election hustings have been one of the big successes of this election. The debates and exchanges are close up and often personal. Voters are able to question the politicians and get beyond some of the campaign sound bites and slogans.
Swansea and St Davids in Pembrokeshire are bidding to become UK Capital of Culture in 2021. The competition is awarded by the UK government every four years. Winning city also gets to host high-profile national events such as the Turner Prize for contemporary art.
Since 2013, the government stake has been sold off in a couple of big chunks and then in a gradual trickle. Global investor Blackrock now eclipses that and Lloyds is on trajectory to return to full private ownership later this year. The huge compensation costs of PPI mis-selling and intermittent market turbulence have hampered and
Almost one million people have been evacuated from coastal areas. Chan-hom is now heading north past the city of Shanghai. The typhoon hit Taiwan and Japan earlier in the week.
The work is promising for future "synthetic biology" and biotechnology efforts. It also hints at the idea that if life exists elsewhere, it could be bound by evolution but not by similar chemistry.
Kenya is walking dangerously close to the "mass grave" it dug for itself in 2008, following the disputed election of 2007. The political and ethnic violence that ensued claimed the lives of more than 1,000 Kenyans and forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes. Nearly nine years later, Kenyans are once more pinning
Arrests came after US Army was ordered to allow construction of final section. Native Americans and their supporters have protested against the project for months. Standing Rock Sioux Tribe say the final section would contaminate drinking water.
Seven-year-old Yamato Tanooka was found in a military training base near Shikabe in Hokkaido. His parents initially said he had got lost, but eventually admitted briefly abandoning him for being naughty. Search teams including the Self-Defence Forces have been combing the remote area.
Facebook limits friend associations to 5,000 per personal page. Ben's mother Diane said the responses had "been phenomenal"
The 19-year-old striker has appeared three times for Newcastle's first team. Toney came through the Cobblers' youth ranks and scored 13 goals in 60 senior games. He was named the Under-21 Premier League's player of the month for September.
Aweys Faqey, from North London, was arrested at the airport on 23 May. He is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Tuesday. His arrest is not connected to last week's suicide bomb attack in Manchester.
Dale Arnold, 32, died in hospital after being stabbed in Kelloe, near Durham City. Josh Johnson, 19, had been charged with murder, but admitted to manslaughter. Johnson is due to return to the court for sentencing on 20 December.
Network used backpackers and vehicles to smuggle marijuana, cocaine and heroin. It was linked to Mexico's Sinaloa cartel and generated $2 billion in profit. More than 30 tons of marijuana, 90kg of cocaine and 72kg of heroin were seized.
Yates spent time on loan at both National League club Barrow and League One side Shrewsbury last term. He is the second Forest midfielder to join Kevin Nolan's Magpies, with Jorge Grant making the move last month.
Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, held $47 trillion in private wealth last year. Number of new millionaires rose in China and India. North America is the world's richest region with $51tn. Asia is also projected to hold 34% of global wealth in 2019.
A bomb disposal expert travelled from Edinburgh to make the device safe. Tessa Banks, 33, denied making or knowingly having the device. But a jury found her guilty of the charge at the end of a three day trial.
U.S.-led coalition carried out air strikes on IS positions overnight. An Iraqi lieutenant was killed by a roadside bomb in the area, the BBC has learned. Iraqi forces came under fire from IS militants who had holed up inside airport buildings.
Chinese firm Fosun is offering 451m euros (£355m; $580m) for the business. It is higher than two rival offers from Portuguese healthcare firm Jose de Mello Saude and Mexico's Grupo Angeles. Fosun has also been trying to buy resort chain Club Med.
Panorama follows cancer patients on clinical trials run jointly by the two organisations. Key to this new generation of cancer drugs is our greater understanding of human genetics. Cancer resistance is probably the biggest problem facing scientists. Panorama: 'Can You Cure My Cancer?' airs on BBC One on 11 February at 21
England Lions batsman ended on 117 as hosts made 255-6 in 92 overs. Skipper Daryl Mitchell weighed in with 67 as he completed 1,000 first-class runs. Ben Cotton picked up 3-46 for Derbyshire on his firstteam recall.
Saracens begin defence of Premiership title against Worcester on 3 September. They were crowned European champions after beating Racing 92 in Lyon. Barritt says continuity of the squad has been a huge key to their success.
Barry Pring, 47, was killed by a speeding car as he tried to hail a taxi in Kiev in 2008. His wife, Ganna Ziuzina, had returned to a restaurant for a missing glove. The coroner at Exeter County Hall, Dr Elizabeth Earland, recorded a verdict of unlawful killing
The News Letter reports on the prospect of a Linfield v Celtic match at Windsor Park. The Irish News says A&E consultants are being offered £1,500 a night to stay on call at a 4-star hotel for the "crisis-hit" department.
Expert Zoe Wilcox explains the secret to spotting a Shakespeare script.
27-year-old judo athlete from Inverness was placed in induced coma. Suffered head injuries in motorbike taxi accident on 10 May in Vietnam. Since being flown to a hospital in Thailand, doctors have begun waking her.
Elin Jones gyhoeddi llun o'r hysbyseb ar ei thudalen Facebook, gan fynnu nad oedd yn wir. Yn dilyn hynny dywedodd Mark Williams, ymfrygeisydd y Democrat
"I'm not going to rush it," says three-time champion jockey. Moore looks set to miss York's four-day Ebor Festival. The major autumn races include the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Landowner applied for 18 all-year pitches, parking and toilets. Opponents said influx of new people could strain schools and surgeries. Lincolnshire County Council said any site should be closer to Skegness.
Rato headed the International Monetary Fund from 2004-2007. He resigned as Spanish economy minister in 2012. His successors at the top of the IMF have also been caught up in court cases.
Tony McCoy's bronze statue was unveiled at Cheltenham on Tuesday. The figure was crafted by Dublin sculptor Paul Ferrier. McCoy won 31 races at the Festival, including three Champion Hurdles.
Mr Smith spent ten years in prison for his role in the shooting of a Catholic in 1972. After his release from prison, Mr Smith became a member of the PUP. In 1994, Mr Smith chaired a press conference in which a statement on behalf of the Combined Loyalist Military Command was read out.
The Union Cycliste Internationale said three cyclists were withdrawn due to previous drugs cases. More than 110 of the 387-strong Russian team have been banned. Boxing, golf, gymnastics, handball, taekwondo and weightlifting are still to confirm their eligibility decisions.
Mrs Clinton praised Egypt's military council for its interim leadership. The hour-long meeting between President Mursi and Mrs Clinton was described as candid and cordial. Outside Mrs Clinton's hotel, dozens of Egyptians protested against Mr Mursi.
Matt Wilmot, 40, was found by police after reports of concern for his welfare. He was pronounced dead at the scene, in Devon Road, Luton. Bedfordshire Police said Mr Wilmot's death was not being treated as suspicious.
Russia's Interfax news agency said that Bastion missile-launchers had been sent to Kaliningrad. Nato said the move "does not help to lower tensions or restore predictability to our relations" The Kremlin has accused Nato of stoking tensions by expanding eastwards.
The 23-year-old has agreed a two-year deal, with the option of a third year. Hopkins joined the Centurions from amateur club Leigh East and has been a regular for the Championship side since 2011.
Lenell John-Lewis fired the hosts into the lead before Pat Hoban equalised. Newport stay in 21st position, but are now unbeaten in eight league and cup games under manager John Sheridan.
GP Live was developed by Aberdeen University and uses streaming software to enter the consultation room. Researchers hope it will encourage more students to join general practice and help ease a recruitment crisis.
Side By Side is a new documentary by Keanu Reeves. It looks at the transition from film to digital formats. The film-makers interviewed for it include George Lucas and James Cameron. Some argue celluloid is the only format that will last.
Image was taken at Abergynolwyn Station, in Gwynedd, on the Talyllyn Railway. The line is the world's oldest passenger-carrying narrow-gauge line.
The 57-year-old took over at Elland Road in April. He is currently with the players on their pre-season tour of Italy. Cellino is confident the club are close to bringing in more new signings.
Hull city councillor Steven Bayes also pleaded not guilty to possessing an extreme pornographic image. The 55-year-old was suspended from the Labour Party in October. He was released on unconditional bail and is due to stand trial in February.
New brand, Arket, will provide "simple, timeless and functional designs" It will sit in a slightly higher price segment than the main H&M brand. After London, more Arket stores will follow in Brussels, Copenhagen and Munich.
Harrogate Autumn Flower Show will use specialist technology to ensure the winning fruit is of the Gigantomo variety. The giant entries must be from that strain of plant to win the £1,000 prize.
Education platform TrueTube is up for three Bafta awards. The website is nominated for best drama and secondary learning. Horrible Histories also earned three nominations.
Club Brugge clinch Belgian title with 4-0 win over Anderlecht. Benfica win third successive Portuguese title with 4-1 win over Nacional. Besiktas clinch first Turkish title since 2009 with 3-1 win over Osmanlispor. Steven Fletcher scores but misses penalty as Marseille finish Ligue 1 season without a win.
Six UK banks will have their balance sheets tested against this stress test. Results of the tests, which bank officials believe are "severe", will be published in December. One big missing piece of the stress test is a break up of the eurozone.
Marquinhos has joined Paris St-Germain from Roma. The Brazilian has signed a five-year deal with the French club. PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi said: "It underlines the club's desire to look towards the future"
The man from Darlington has been issued with a summons to appear before Maidstone magistrates on 17 February. He will face charges of dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when the bridge came down.
Scottish Fire and Rescue Service has launched an investigation into the cause of the blaze. Home owners and their dog escaped from the building after being alerted by a smoke alarm.
Michael Sandford, 20, from Dorking, Surrey, was accused of trying to grab a police officer's gun. He pleaded guilty to being an illegal alien in possession of a firearm and disrupting an official function. Lynne Sandford said she feared Mr Trump would "make an example" of her son.
Agreement to that, and other terms, is a prerequisite for being included in the app. But Apple made clear that publishers not wishing to be bound by them would be expected to say so explicitly. Other terms allow Apple to place adverts next to publishers' publicly available content without paying them.
Survey suggests over a third of 11 to 17-year olds in Wales have been bullied. Cyber-bullying has been highlighted in the media in recent months. Welsh government says it is better to develop respectful relationships.
Anthony Storrie, 26, was arrested the night before for an alleged police assault. He was under the influence of the drug, which is now illegal. Storrie suffered damage to his liver while "crashing about" in his flat. Coroner ruled there was no evidence he had been assaulted by police
Thirty homes were evacuated in the West Lothian area. 38 residents were temporarily housed at a local community centre. Police are treating the blaze as wilful fire-raising.
The raids destroyed nine militant positions in the Tirah Valley in Khyber district. The strikes came after the Taliban stormed Karachi airport, in an attack that killed at least 30 people. Pakistan has been fighting an Islamist insurgency for more than a decade.
Mr Trump has been to his resort seven times this year, including when he hosted foreign leaders. It is unclear who else he had as guests. The move is part of a legal challenge brought by a non-profit watchdog group.
Nature charity the WWF says a total of 139 new species have been found in the South East Asia area in the past year. There are 90 plants, 23 reptiles, 16 amphibians, 9 fish and 1 mammal.
Christopher Adjei, 29, pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit a sexual offence. Kent Police said he grabbed the woman, tried to cover her mouth with his hand, and forced her to the ground. He fled the scene when the woman asked what he wanted.
Galvani Bioelectronics hopes to bring treatment before regulators within seven years. Animal experiments have attached tiny silicone cuffs, containing electrodes, around a nerve. Sensors send findings back to the brain, via a nerve, so organ can coordinate body's response to sugar in bloodstream.
A KTM motorcycle was involved in a collision with a Vauxhall Zafira car. The 22-year-old motorcyclist was taken to hospital where he later died. Two other children, aged 10 and seven, suffered minor injuries.
Police Scotland's dog branch and air support unit deployed in Irvine area. Mr Speirs is described as being 5ft 10in tall, of medium build, with red hair.
There are currently 54 SNP MPs but only 40 of Labour's 229 expressed support. Speaker John Bercow said he had sought expert advice. Mr Bercow was replying to a point of order raised by SNP MP Pete Wishart.
Alliance Trust invests nearly £3bn worth of shareholder assets. It will continue to face a fundamental review of what it does during this summer.
John Ryan scores opening try for Munster. Will Helu scores brilliant try for Edinburgh. Ian Keatley and Sam Hidalgo-Clyne trade penalties.
Supermarket's stock fell by more than 4% to close at 197.8p. Over the weekend, press reports suggested the deal faced a lengthy investigation. Most major stock markets around the world fell after President Donald Trump's decision to impose a travel ban.
Traders are worried about the stability of supplies from Russia. Russia provides a quarter of Europe's natural gas, half of it through Ukraine. mild winter has reduced demand for heating fuel. Storage levels at the main gas hubs about 20% greater than last year.
Ipswich have kept six clean sheets in their last nine matches. Ipswich travel to leaders Newcastle United on Saturday. Mick McCarthy said Berra is the best defender in the league.
The 'aeroscreen' tested by Red Bull on Friday and the 'halo' run by Ferrari are concepts in contention. Red Bull will run the aeroscreen again at the Spanish and Monaco Grands Prix. The 1 July deadline is to ensure teams have sufficient time to incorporate the design into their 2017 cars
Fruit flies given low doses of lithium lived 16% longer than average. At high doses, lithium reduced their lifespan. Lithium is used in psychiatry to help stop mood swings.
The group are due to be brought to a hostel in the countryside near Great Torrington, Devon on Sunday or Monday. The Home Office said they are unaccompanied, vulnerable children. Devon Country Council said it is working with the police, NHS and other local authorities.
Venezuela's Vice-President says there will be no referendum on President Maduro. Opposition politicians submitted 1.85 million signatures to the National Electoral Council. They want to hold a referendum on Mr Maduro before new elections are held. But Mr Isturiz said the opposition had "acted too late" and
Premiership Rugby confirmed the 2019-20 domestic season will start in early September and finish at the end of June. The RPA has now said a shortened two-month off-season will be "seriously detrimental to player welfare" Premiership Rugby has previously said the 10-month campaign will allow clubs to become "more sophisticated" in their
Met ireann has issued a Status Red alert for coastal and mountain areas of the Republic of Ireland. More than 2,200 homes in the country were without power just after midnight. Northern Ireland wind warning valid until 23:50 GMT on Thursday.
Malala Yousafzai writes an open letter to the girls who were abducted a year ago. Boko Haram militants abducted the girls from Nigeria's Chibok town. The UN estimates that the insurgency has now displaced 800,000 children.
Glamorgan and Derbyshire play first day of pink-ball match. Wayne Madsen top scores for Derbyshire with 70. Daryn Smit and Tom Milnes add 53 for last wicket. Hamidullah Qadri is first Championship player born in new Millennium.
Jairo Medina, 62, a professional carer from Chelsea, was found early on Friday morning by a person walking by who then called the police. A post mortem examination did not find a cause of death, but it showed that he had been assaulted.
The £42m MV Loch Seaforth made its first passenger sailing last month. Thursday's fault took five hours to fix and the ferry was cleared again for sailings. Bad weather has led to the cancellations of Friday sailings on the Stornoway-Ullapool route.
An investigation into serious allegations in this case was dropped before the suspect was interviewed. The elements of lack of freedom and capacity to consent - which may even have triggered the "no consent" presumption - make the decision highly irregular.
Tunisia had faced expulsion from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations until apologising to Caf for complaints it lodged against the organisation during this year's Nations Cup. Morocco, meanwhile, were only able to enter the 2017 Nations Cup qualifying draw after the Court of Arbitration for Sport overturned a ban on its participation
Vincent Clerc and Maxime Medard score first-half tries for France. England hit back with tries from Ben Foden and Mark Cueto. France will now face Wales in the World Cup semi-finals.
The 18-year-old is one of 14 successful candidates from the 282 youngsters who entered the Fighting Chance scheme. GB Taekwondo chief Gary Hall said that, like his sister Jade, the teenager is "a good character"
Judge Aaron Persky has been heavily criticised for giving student Brock Turner six months for assaulting an unconscious woman last year. Two other petitions have reached 115,000 and 175,000 signatures each. They have no legal force but organisers hope they will increase pressure on politicians to act.
Arts Council England has given £1.7m to the park and the remainder is to come from fundraising. A planning application for a second visitor centre has been submitted to Wakefield Council. The new building has been designed to make the minimum impact on the site.
The Scotsman declared a "historic victory for SNP" The Herald said: "Sturgeon triumphant as Labour humiliated" The Daily Record said Nicola Sturgeon was set to be returned as first minister.
Blaze burned for more than 10 hours on building site in Llanwern, Gwent. It is understood the burning material included a large amount of scrapped railway sleepers.
The 24-year-old joined the Bantams on a three-year deal last summer after being released by Blackburn. He previously played under Iron boss Graham Alexander when the duo were at Fleetwood.
79-year-old was jailed for 12 years for historical child sex abuse on Friday. Anglesea was convicted of one charge of indecent assault against one boy and three indecent assaults against another.
The union - which has 55,000 members in England and Wales - announced its position after a vote by its council. The organisation said it was not joining any campaign groups and would not be telling its members how to vote.
Best-known for Quai des Brumes (Port of Shadows), in which she starred alongside Jean Gabin. Morgan's Cannes award came in 1946 for her role as a blind woman in La Symphonie Pastorale. In later life, she received lifetime achievement accolades at the Venice Film Festival and
EU leaders have agreed a plan to send refugees back to Turkey. But returning non-Syrians may be even more problematic. Turkey is not a full member of the Geneva Convention. It does not offer Syrians asylum, only a lesser form of international protection.
Queensferry Crossing was due to be completed by December this year. But that deadline will not be met, according to Scottish government. Keith Brown said the delay was caused by "adverse weather conditions"
Mancunian Way closed between Princess Street and Oxford Street. A 5ft x 3ft void appeared on Whitworth Street on Sunday. Road has been closed since August after two holes opened up.
Coventry University's Scarborough campus has been built on the town's former Weaponness Park and Ride site. About 200 students have begun courses at the site, though it is expected to eventually be home to more than 2,000 students. Building includes engineering and science labs, a mock law court and a library
Work includes rebuilding canal-side walls and clearing vegetation off locks. The canal was built by the Swansea Canal Navigation Company between 1794 and 1798. Since 1958, parts have been abandoned, sold off and filled in.
South African firm Famous Brands signed a £120m deal to buy Gourmet Burger Kitchen. The fast-casual premium environment is "pretty recession-proof," said Famous Brands' Kevin Hedderwick.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon faces three charges of "adopting an aggressive attitude" to Morton striker Kudus Oyenuga, Hibs defender Jordon Forster and assistant Craig McPherson. Morton fined £500 for the stoppage-time fracas.
England beat Sri Lanka by five wickets in their World T20 clash. Jos Buttler was man of the match with 66 not out from 37 balls. Ben Stokes made a serious contribution to such a big, important match.
Star Citizen is a massively multiplayer online (MMO) game. It allows the player to pilot space ships, big and small, and even become part of the crew on huge vessels. The game was first announced back in 2012, with a release planned for 2014. At present only small taster portions of the game
Tour de France winner Wiggins becomes the most decorated Olympian in British history. He won the cycling time trial after Glover and Stanning rowed to victory in the women's pairs.
Ben Ainslie's Land Rover BAR lost to Oracle Team USA and New Zealand on Sunday. A nosedive after gate three resulted a 39-second defeat for BAR against USA. Despite a penalty, New Zealand beat BAR by one minute and 28 seconds.
Cheetahs and the Kings are the poor relations of South African rugby. Of the six SARU franchises in Super Rugby, they are the weakest. The Pro12 already has too many uncompetitive teams.
Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace co-authored the theory of evolution. Wallace's obituary said he was the last of the great Victorians. He was awarded the Order of Merit, the highest honour given by the British monarch. A bronze statue of Wallace is being sought to honour him at the Natural
Hadleigh Parkes and Gareth Owen went over for the Welsh side in the first half. Mike Ross' close-range try and Ian Madigan's conversion soon after the restart put Leinster into the lead and another Madigan penalty capped the win.
Shakespeare initiative will include working with young people without access to school in developing countries. Partners in the 400th anniversary project include the National Theatre, Royal Shakespeare Company, Shakespeare's Globe and the BBC.
Ferguson rocked by riots after grand jury decided not to charge officer. Protests spread across the US and a mass walkout was held on Monday. Mr Obama asked Congress for funds after a week of nationwide protests. Some of the money will go towards purchasing 50,000 body cameras for officers.
The wings and engine covers of the CS300 jet are made in Belfast. The Montreal-based plane and train maker is under pressure to bring the CSeries into service after years of cost overruns.
Officials in America's second-biggest city searched more than 1,000 schools. New York officials said they had received a similar threat but ignored it. Los Angeles police chief said it was 'easy in hindsight to criticise the decision'
Lucia Garcia put Spain ahead on 30 minutes. Patricia Guijarro doubled the lead with a tremendous dipping shot. Abbie Magee went close for the hosts in the 74th minute.
The 34-year-old Canadian joins the Giants from the Austrian Hockey League side Villacher SV. Johner was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 2001 NHL draft.
Virgin originally said it had connected 465,000 new premises in 2016. But following a review, that number has been revised down to 314,000. Parent company Liberty Global said Virgin had exaggerated how fast it could complete the connections.
Coradia trains are the fastest in the fleet operating at up to 100mph. They pull two and three carriage trains and are between 16 and 17-years-old. Arriva Trains said it hoped all the maintenance work would be completed by the summer.
Vote to leave EU is the only way to "take back control" on immigration, says group. PM David Cameron says leaving the EU is "not the right way to control immigration" Migration Watch report says all migrants in the UK "continue to be a net fiscal cost"
Bogdanov was accused of procuring an act of "gross indecency" for his production of The Romans in Britain. The National Theatre director says he felt "enormous relief" when the case collapsed. If he had been convicted, he could have been jailed for up to three years.
Gold Hill Cheese Run sees entrants run up the cobbled Shaftesbury street with a 55lb (25kg) cheese. The event, based on activities of cheese traders in years gone by, began in 2012. Barnaby Cox, 18, who has won the race twice, has put his success down to "technique and power"
Mr Gates, 61, and his wife Melinda have given away $35bn in cash and stocks since 1994. The latest donation was made in June but became public on Monday. It is the biggest charitable gift to have been made anywhere in the world so far this year.
MEP Nathan Gill says he "could not stay in a party that suddenly represented all the things that for 12 years I said it didn't represent" Ms Waters, who founded Sharia Watch pressure group, is one of 11 candidates in the race. Mr Gill also criticised the party's delay in addressing concerns raised
American swimmer Dana Vollmer is six months pregnant with her second child. Vollmer raced in her first race since the Rio Olympics on Thursday. The 29-year-old has amended her training programme while pregnant.
16-year-old clocked one minute 04.30 seconds, the second-fastest time in history. Meilutyte will seek to win Lithuania's first ever World Championships gold medal. Fellow Briton Sophie Allen was seventh and Siobhan-Marie O'Connor eighth.
Bristol City took the lead through a Lee Tomlin penalty. Tammy Abraham was brought down in the box by Ipswich keeper Bartosz Bialkowski. David McGoldrick almost equalised soon after half-time. But his low shot was pushed on to the post by Frank Fielding. Luke Freeman sealed the
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) said he had been told not to report for training. It is seeking clarification about an incident outside a fast food restaurant. Police attended and said a man was taken away by officers but no arrests were made.
Optimism fell for the third consecutive quarter according to the CBI employers group. It is the sector's longest period of falling sentiment since 2009. The CBI campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU ahead of June's referendum.
Out of nearly 12,000 fans, 52% were in favour and 48% against the game. The match would be the final public game at Upton Park. West Ham are moving to the Olympic Stadium after 112 years.
Scottish Social Justice Secretary Alex Neil urged the UK government to rethink its reforms. But the Department for Work and Pensions said the changes were designed to help people into work.
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) said security has been beefed up at residences of Brian Cullinan and Martha Ruiz. Celebrity website TMZ.com said the pair were in fear of their lives. On Wednesday it emerged they will not be employed to do the Oscars job again. PwC spokeswoman Carey Bodenheimer said
Tata is making 1,050 people redundant, including 750 at its Port Talbot site. Community organiser Rob Edwards said he was surprised by Mr Koehler's departure.
PM attended a summit of EU leaders in Brussels before leaving. The remaining 27 agreed that the European Commission will lead negotiations. Philip Hammond said the UK would negotiate a trade deal with the EU.
Russia has shared a list of 89 people banned from entering the country. Those banned are believed to include general secretary of the EU council Uwe Corsepius. Former British deputy prime minister Nick Clegg is also on the list. The EU has called the ban "totally arbitrary and unjustified"
Honduras has one of the highest murder rates in the world. Mara Salvatrucha and Mara 18 Street have announced a truce. They say they will commit to zero crime and zero violence on the streets.
Drones are expected to be one of the fastest growing electronics sectors. Consumer drones are forecast to top $300m by 2018 according to the CEA. GoPro's Nick Woodman said he planned to release the GoPro drone within the first half of 2016.
Some pupils faced transport fees of £400 a year under the proposals. Conservative councillor said the main aim was to cut council expenditures. She added the council would look to see "whether there is actually some money we can claw out from somewhere"
Jon Rahm won his first PGA Tour title at Torrey Pines last week. The 22-year-old Spaniard is now ranked 46th in the world. Rahm is free to accept European Tour membership in time for 2018 Ryder Cup.
Local authority funding has been cut as part of efforts to tackle the deficit. Most local authority funding in England comes from central government. Public Accounts Committee said cuts had not been applied equally since 2010. MPs warned further cuts could undermine councils' financial stability.
Newcastle and Sunderland drew 1-1 in the Tyne-Wear derby. Aleksandar Mitrovic's late header earned the Magpies a point. Both teams remain in the relegation zone in the Premier League.
Marco Fai Pak Shek paid Lee's wife £1,600 for the snooker cue. Lee pleaded guilty to fraud at Swindon Magistrates' Court. He was fined £110 and ordered to repay the money.
Christine Lacson Abad, 27, of Cary, North Carolina, was charged with arranging a child sex offence. She was also charged with attempting to groom a 15-year-old in Wrexham and two more sex offences.
Software vulnerability could let hackers access data by sending video message. LG, Samsung and Google have all said a number of their handsets will get the fix.
Natalie Towers, 24, admitted administering poison with intent to procure a miscarriage. Newcastle Crown Court was told she bought the substance over the internet. Towers was living with her boyfriend in November 2014 when she bought and took a drug which caused strong contractions. After she felt unwell, she rang 999 to say she was
Alex Hartley took 4-24 and Katherine Brunt 3-35 as West Indies were bowled out for 155. Captain Stafanie Taylor made 57, but England looked tense at 56-2 in chase. Nat Sciver's unbeaten 58 saw them home with 67 balls to spare.
All world records set before 2005 could be rewritten under a new proposal from European Athletics. Sotherton said tweaking events would create "a new slate" and new records. The 40-year-old won Olympic heptathlon bronze for Britain in 2004.
Bristol Royal Infirmary, Southmead Hospital and Weston General hospitals on black alert. People urged not to go to A&E unless they have a "life-threatening" condition.
Prime minister met the exiled Buddhist leader when he visited the UK a year ago. No 10 defended the PM's right to meet whomever he wants. China halted ministerial meetings with UK counterparts as a result.
Craig McAllister's late goal earns Eastleigh first point in five games. The visitors were down to 10 men after Jim Kellerman saw red in the first half. Idris Kanu gave the visitors the lead in the 42nd minute.
The incidents took place in Granton, Boswall, Trinity and Hawthornvale. About 25 incidents have been reported to police. Officers are treating the incidents as linked and are appealing for witnesses.
All severe weather warnings have been cancelled across NSW. Some 190,000 homes are still without power. Insurance Council of Australia estimates losses at US$100m.
Commercial space travel is set to become a reality in the next decade. Final Frontier wants to design space suits for non-astronauts. The Brooklyn-based company has just unveiled its third suit.
Police say the Arena clan made money by providing services at a centre. It is alleged the clan, part of the powerful 'Ndrangheta crime syndicate, may have taken more than a third of the 100m destined for the centre in the past 10 years. The claims came to light
Derek Medina admitted taking the picture on his phone and uploading it on to Facebook. He failed to convince the jury that he had shot Jennifer Alfonso eight times in self-defence after years of abuse. When he posted the picture, he wrote on Facebook that he expected to go to prison or be sentenced to death
Cudd arrived at Rodney Parade from Llanelli in September on a one-season contract. He will make his 18th appearance against Leinster on Friday.
NHS spent £8.84m on private ambulances in London last year compared to £795,000 in 2011. Private ambulance usage by ambulance trusts across the country grew by 82% between financial years 2011/12 and 2013/14. London Ambulance Service admits it is losing staff due to "pressure on the organisation"
It relates to Vodafone's 2007 takeover of Hong Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa's Indian mobile unit for $11bn. India's top court ruled in favour of Vodafone in 2012, but the government changed laws later that year to allow firms to be taxed retrospectively.
Solskjaer is attempting to make an impact as a Premier League manager at Cardiff City. He has spent three seasons in his native Norway in charge of Molde. Those who know Solskjaer describe him as mild mannered and gentle.
The ECB cut its deposit rate by the minimum 0.1 percentage point to -0.3%. It extended its asset purchase program, but did not increase its monthly government bond purchases. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was down 1.7% to 19,606.32 points.
Report commissioned after safety expert said stadium plans flawed. Paul Scott told Stormont committee emergency exit arrangements were flawed. Report recommends he be replaced as chair of safety technical group. Work on the 38,000-capacity stadium was supposed to start this year.
Bike2Go scheme launched in Dumfries and Galloway in September 2010. Since then the bikes have been hired 2,270 times - a daily average of about two rentals. Dumfries project has struggled to increase rental levels since it started.
Joel Richards, 19, from Wednesbury, was among 38 killed on Friday. He was a Walsall FC fan, football referee and student at the University of Worcester. Chief executive of Birmingham County Football Association said "it just makes you smile every time you think about Joel"
Ri Jong Chol said his detention was a "plot" to "damage the honour of the republic" He was released from police custody due to insufficient evidence. Malaysian authorities are continuing their investigation into the death of Kim Jong-un.
Jay Desborough, 17, and Leon Wrigglesworth, 13, given detention orders. Pair had only known each other for a week before carrying out the carjacking. Rev Irene Wilson said it had "affected myself and the work that I do"
Hamilton made his Scotland debut against Romania in November 2006. The 32-year-old made the last of his 63 Test appearances in the 16-12 victory over Italy last month. Scotland open their World Cup Pool B campaign against Japan.
Lewis, 28, has now won a medal of each colour from the Commonwealth Games after coming third in Melbourne in 2006 and second four years ago in Delhi. England's Isobel Pooley came second in the women's high jump, and Scotland's Lynsey Sharp won silver in the 800m. Tiffany
The zoo's Twitter account was continuously flooded with references to Harambe. For every Tweet they posted, the zoo received dozens of replies referencing the gorilla. Harambe became popular shorthand in social media humour.
China's economic growth in the final quarter of 2015 edged down to 6.8%, according to the country's national bureau of statistics. Industrial production and retail sales numbers for China were also released on Tuesday, with both December numbers coming in just slightly worse than expected. Beijing had set an official growth target
Lithium-sulphur battery could have five times the energy density of lithium-ion batteries. But degradation of batteries caused by loss of active materials within. Researchers developed a lightweight layer with nano-scale structure which resembles the villi - finger-like protrusions which line the small intestine.
Leicester completed one of sport's greatest shocks when they won the league. Winger Riyad Mahrez, striker Jamie Vardy and midfielder N'Golo Kante are among the previously unheralded players to be linked with moves away. "I'm very, very confident," Ranieri said
Church's ruling body, the general synod, voted to allow women to become bishops in July. Mrs Lane said: "It is a remarkable day for me and an historic day for the Church"
League One's Oldham Athletic beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 at the Oldham Athletic Stadium. Ryan Flynn gave the hosts the lead before Will Grigg equalised for Wigan. Jake Buxton was sent off for a late challenge on Grigg. Josh Law scored the winner for the Latics in the second half.
The 23-year-old forward left Sixfields before kick-off. Head coach Luke Williams said the matter would be dealt with "in house" Swindon are in the relegation zone after five straight losses.
Elizabeth Bowe, 50, was found badly injured in St Andrews. She was taken to Ninewells Hospital in Dundee but died three days later. Her brother Charles Gordon, 51, appeared at Dundee Sheriff Court on Tuesday facing a single charge of murder.
Royal Mail has painted more than 50 postboxes gold following Team GB's gold medal haul at London 2012. Henley-on-Thames is home to the prestigious Leander Club, which has trained more than 100 Olympic medal-winning rowers.
England closed day two on 152-3, a lead of 128, after 10 wickets fell. Mehedi Hasan Miraz (6-82) reduced England to 144-8. Chris Woakes and Adil Rashid put on 99 to give England a first-innings lead of 24. However, Imrul
Cardiff Bus said 90% of its 540 Unite union members backed the offer. Drivers have staged a number of strikes in recent weeks.
Big Country and Bwani Junction will headline the bridge procession. The finale will be a fireworks display in recognition of the bridge's 1,006m span.
Nato members have all signed a treaty that says they will come to the aid of any member under attack. Mr Trump's comments hit at the fundamental basis of the Atlantic alliance. The US has long been pressing its European allies to spend more on defence.
Chartered Institution of Water and Environmental Management say upland schemes to slow river flow cost a fraction of conventional flood walls. Pilot projects have pioneered cheap small-scale measures like felling trees into streams to slow down the flow, and building earth banks to catch run-off water and allow it to soak away.
Griezmann has a haematoma on his left foot but Atletico said "an injury to the bone was ruled out" The 25-year-old is his team's top scorer in La Liga with six goals.
Gull had to be put down due to extent of its injuries. Scotland's animal welfare charity was alerted after the bird was discovered.
The Dow closed up 0.7% at 18,506.41, while the S&P 500 index added 0.5% to close at 2,163.75. Data showing China's economy expanded by a better-than-expected 6.7% in the second quarter boosted sentiment. In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 rose
The men tried to take their own lives to protest against last week's assault. The Dalit men were assaulted while trying to skin a dead cow. Many Hindus consider cows sacred and the slaughter of the animal is banned.
Gazza received £68,000 while comedian got £40,000. Mr Campbell said his action had "not and never has been, about the money" MP Simon Hughes received £45,000 plus costs. Football agent Phil Hughes, a friend and former agent of ex-footballer George Best, received substantial damages plus costs.
Researchers have recreated the internal compass used by monarch butterflies. The findings are published in the journal Cell Reports. One of the researchers' goals is to build a robotic monarch butterfly.
University said the new machine would allow academics to work on more projects at faster speeds. Iridis4 will be used for a range of research, including engineering, archaeology and medicine.
Turkey abolished the death penalty in 2004 as part of its bid to join the EU. President Erdogan has overseen a crackdown since the coup attempt was quashed. Thousands of police officers, military personnel and judges have been suspended or arrested.
Dave and Leslie Blissett, of Lincolnshire, bought the Tornado GR1 as a shell. For sale on Gumtree, it has no engine, or guns and the wings have been removed. Mr Blissett said he has always had a passion for taking things apart.
John Clancy, a Labour councillor for Quinton, beat closest rival Penny Holbrook. He will officially replace Sir Albert Bore on 1 December. Critics from within the party are already saying they're worried he won't have the clout.
Surfer Garrett McNamara set a world record for the largest wave surfed in 2011. The swell off Nazare has been recorded at a maximum of height of 40ft (12m)
Belgium beat Norway 3-2 in their final Euro 2016 warm-up game. Romelu Lukaku opened the scoring before Bournemouth's Joshua King equalised. Veton Berisha profited from static defending as Norway then led. But Eden Hazard deftly headed in an equaliser and Laurent Ciman got the winner. Russia
Rangers take on Hibernian at Ibrox on Saturday. Caixinha's side opened their Premiership account with a win at Motherwell. They then followed that up with a 6-0 thumping of Dunfermline in the League Cup.
Belfast has around 800 global firms, employing about 75,000 people. Dr David Barr says there's now a shortage of supply to meet the demand. There are fears too that changes to curriculum at GCSE and A level could further impact uptake in languages.
Structure began moving on Monday and will take about five days to be put in its final position. Work will then begin to dismantle the reactor, which has been sealed inside a so-called sarcophagus.
Froome posted a picture on Twitter of his damaged bike. He reported the incident to local police in southern France. Froome is due to begin the defence of his Tour de France title on Saturday.
Currently, planning permission is submitted to the Planning Service in Northern Ireland. From April next year, that responsibility will shift to the councils themselves. Environmental group Friends of the Earth warn that a strict code of conduct will have to be rigorously enforced.
The Grade II-listed Drummond Mill in Manningham has been partially demolished. Historic England is part-way through a review into West Yorkshire's mills.
Similar bunting was removed from Masham in North Yorkshire last week. North Yorkshire County Council said lighting columns were leaning. Rad Wagon, who organised the bunting, said they had been "carefully weighed" Council said it had "no fears" it might get heavy and "pull things over"
Women were kept out of the Shani Shingnapur temple for nearly 400 years. For centuries, the temple had been open only to men. Last month, the Mumbai high court affirmed the right of women to enter and pray inside all temples.
The mother of one of the alleged victims said her daughter's character 'changed' Eight men deny sexually abusing three girls between 1999 and 2003. Sheffield Crown Court heard police lost a tape of an interview with Sageer Hussain.
Daniel Braxton, 35, was driving his 18-year-old daughter through Towyn. She thought she saw a dead baby in the bus stop near the Magpie and Stump pub. Mr Braxton said he saw the lifeless naked baby on the ground. Police are concerned about the welfare of the baby's
Failed UKIP leadership candidate Lisa Duffy was having dinner with staff. The curry house had completed pre-employment checks. Border Agency questioned staff about their right to work and live in UK.
The Australian Antarctic Division said a barge ferried expedition members to the Mawson research station. Thirty-one crew members remain onboard to refloat the vessel. The refloating process, where the crew will attempt to move the ship off the rocks, would take several hours.
The vessel's engine failed a mile north east of Muck Island. Weather conditions at the time were good with a Force 3 wind. Two RNLI lifeboats were launched and towed the yacht to Carrick Marina.
Bank of America has been asked to revise its financial plans. The Federal Reserve carried out the tests in the wake of the 2008 crisis. 31 lenders tested were deemed to have enough reserve cash to deal with a shock.
Friends of the Labour MP set up a fundraising page after her death. Money will be divided between three charities close to her heart. The fund was pushed past the seven-figure mark on Monday by a single £6,000 donation.
Ocado reported a pre-tax profit of £7.2m last year on the back of a 20% jump in sales. The company made a loss of £12.5m in 2013. Ocado's customer base grew by almost 70,000 to 453,000.
Chris Gunter believes Wales can deliver where previous generations have fallen short. Wales are a point clear at the summit of Group B. The top two teams qualify automatically for Euro 2016. Gareth Bale has been integral to Wales' recent success.
Monday's Dublin meeting is part of an assembly External Affairs Committee inquiry. It is on the day the UK begins the process of leaving the EU. First Minister Carwyn Jones has warned that could mean job losses.
Flare was found on Meal Beach, south east of the village of Hamnavoe. Bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene on Wednesday. Members of the public have been urged to stay away from the beach.
The 16-year-old defeated Elspeth Young from Kinross 11-4, 5-11, 11-6, 12-10. In the men's event Scottish number one Alan Clyne, who has risen to world number 32, beat Douglas Kempsell. The Scottish National Squash Championships at Edinburgh Sports Club is part of
Mr Matheson has served as a Labour councillor in Glasgow for 17 years. He stepped down from the leadership last September and was replaced by Frank McAveety. A by-election will be held for his Anderston/City ward.
Taliban infiltrator allowed militants into police station in Lashkar Gah, Helmand. The city is strategically important and key to holding Helmand province. No group has officially claimed responsibility for the attack.
In 2015/16, 93.3% of youngsters were in a "positive destination" Three months after leaving high school, that was up from 93% in 2014/15. Scottish government figures also showed that those taking up training was 2.6%. Minister for Further and Higher Education, Shirley-Anne Somerville, said the statistics showed that the
Nuclear war, global warming and genetically-engineered viruses are among the scenarios he singles out. He says that further progress in science and technology will create "new ways things can go wrong" Prof Hawking is giving this year's BBC Reith Lecture.
Justin Thomas becomes first man to shoot a nine-under-par round at the US Open and the fifth 63 in its 117-year history. Thomas hit an eagle on the 667-yard par-five 18th, hitting his second shot to eight feet from 300 yards and rolling in the downhill putt
In 18.8% of cases Sandra Bauer was invited for interview, whereas the figure for Meryem was just 13.5%. The study was published by the Institute for the Study of Labour, in Bonn.
Nico Rosberg leads Lewis Hamilton by 17 points after two wins. Hamilton has made bad starts to both of the season's opening two races. The British driver finished third in Bahrain after a collision with Valtteri Bottas.
Organisers said they were not opposed to gay or lesbian rights. But they wanted to defend family values and the institution of marriage. Public opinion in Mexico, a predominantly Roman Catholic nation, has been split.
A 34-year-old man was arrested in connection with an outstanding warrant. Three men were arrested outside the stadium in connection to assault. Two teenagers will be reported to the relevant authorities.
Michael Pepper, 67, from Glasgow, raped the woman on various occasions between 1986 and 2001. He also hit her with a baseball bat and bottle, cut off her clothes and kicked her on the body. Pepper was also placed on the sex offenders register.
Survey shows just 20% of those aged 25 own their own property, compared with 46% two decades ago. Local Government Association said social housing was vital to enable families to save for a home. LGA said government needed to tackle the shortage of affordable homes to rent and buy.
Private Sean Benton, 20, was found with five bullet wounds to his chest in June 1995. An original inquest into his death recorded a verdict of suicide. His family applied for a new hearing after using the Human Rights Act.
Lee, who died last year, is revered by Singaporeans, while his children are respected members of the establishment. The family had presented a united front, but that cracked in recent days. Lee Wei Ling, a prominent doctor and newspaper columnist, publicly objected to what she saw as excess in the one-year
Bag is programmed to say "Don't even think about it" and "Put it down, put it back" Students created the bag for a degree project at Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design. Bag has all the electronics hidden inside a false bottom.
Abuse reported to have taken place at Overseal Manor School in Derbyshire. Christopher May, 71, from Llanfyllin, Powys, is charged with 11 offences. Terrence Butler, 72, from Stretton, Staffordshire, charged with four.
The 28-year-old Scotland international has spent the last two seasons with Wasps. He previously had a six-year spell with Glasgow Warriors. Jackson has won 28 caps for Scotland since making his Test debut in 2010.
Overnight frost on the covers also led to melting ice dripping onto the pitch. Worcestershire assistant coach Matt Mason: "We can't do anything about it" Kent captain Sam Northeast: "It's extremely frustrating. After four weeks of preparation in pre-season, we get to the first day and we are
The Sorrento was travelling to the coastal city of Valencia when the blaze began. At least three people have been injured and have been taken to hospital by helicopter. The ship was about 27km (17 miles) from Mallorca when the fire broke out.
Danny McKay, 36, was shot dead at his home in Newtownabbey last Thursday. Before the murder, five masked men entered a house and forced the occupant to hand over his VW Bora. A 25-year-old man was arrested by police on Thursday morning in north Belfast.
Douglas Willis Ltd failed to record when meat was first frozen. Caerphilly Magistrates' Court heard some meat was past "use by" date. Case went ahead following a Supreme Court ruling last year.
CGI Group is a global IT systems giant that enjoys annual revenues of C$10bn. Serge Godin started CGI in 1976, when he was just 26 years old. In recent years, CGI has made headlines for all the wrong reasons. Back in 2013, it was blamed for technical problems that plagued the launch of
It matched the Lotto Millionaire Raffle draw - AQUA 6323 7030. No-one has come forward to claim the cash. The winner has until the end of September to come forward.
Footage secretly filmed by France 2 TV shows Francoise Olcay selling dinghies. The items would be bought elsewhere if she did not sell them, she said. Admitting that she was taking part in the trade, she alleged that local Turkish authorities were also involved.
UKIP looking for new leader following shock resignation of Diane James. MEP Steven Woolfe, who had been seen as the frontrunner, quit the party on Monday. He had been hospitalised after a "scuffle" with fellow MEP Mike Hookem.
The Danish Girl is based on the life of Elbe - a transgender woman born in Denmark in the 1880s. Alicia Vikander will play Elbe's wife, Gerda Wegener.
Five-time world champion O'Sullivan came from 3-0 down to level the match. Fellow Englishman Holt took the deciding frame with a break of 76. Compatriot Peter Ebdon, 30th in the rankings, shocked world number three Neil Robertson 4-3.
TfL is recruiting 1,000 people to start wearing the blue badges from 12 September. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he hoped they would "give confidence" to people who find standing difficult. Trial is believed to be the first of its kind in Europe.
Featherstone's Sam Bateman and Sam Pick banned for two years. Bateman has been suspended until December 2016. Pick has not played this season. Both players tested positive for anabolic steroids.
About 10 hotels, pubs and club houses were also closed, officials said. Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency closed 22 premises in August. Government has vowed to make Lagos, Africa's biggest city, noise-free by 2020.
Glenavon took the lead through Kyle Neill's corner. Kirk Millar and Andrew Waterworth scored two to put Linfield 3-1 up. Kris Lindsay pulled one back before Mark Haughey got the winner.
An estimated 92,000 people in England need end of life care but don't receive it. GPs should be compassionate but direct when talking about dying. Think twice about offering a false choice of procedures such as CPR.
Rangers announces it has raised £22.2m through a share issue. Fans had until Tuesday to buy new shares in the Scottish club. The shares will start trading on London's Alternative Investments Market.
Parents of brides cannot invite more than 500 guests, and the number has been limited to 400 for grooms. No more than seven main dishes can be served to "ensure that there is no wastage of any food items" An MP has also proposed a similar ban on expensive weddings across India.
Columnist told the newspaper last month that he had been diagnosed with the "full English" of cancers. Sunday Times editor Martin Ivens said Gill had been "a giant among journalists" Writers, broadcasters and journalists have paid tribute to the published author.
The 54-year-old has spent seven years overseeing the Premier League side's youth set-up. He has a full Uefa coaching A licence. "Steeped in history and tradition, I am honoured to join Rangers," he said.
Angela Merkel's political future - and her legacy, after a decade as German chancellor - are hanging in the balance. She faces three key regional elections this weekend, with polls predicting huge gains for the anti-immigrant AfD party. Merkel needed something big and bold on migration, allowing her to avoid performing
Location of Rheged had previously been thought by many historians to be in Cumbria. Ronan Toolis said it was "pre-eminent among the kingdoms of the north" The influence of the kingdom had "rippled through the history and literature of Scotland and beyond"
Tyrone van Aswegen leads Travelers Championship after round two. Scot Knox and Englishman Paul Casey are tied for second.
Annan Athletic beat Hamilton Academical 4-1 in the fourth round of the Scottish Cup. Omar, the son of refugees from Iraqi Kurdistan, was featured in the local press. However, they lost 4-1 to Morton in the fifth round.
94% of councils surveyed intend to put up bills, with finances at 'breaking point' A third of these, 34% in total, intend to hike bills by more than 2% in April. Councils, many of whom have frozen bills in recent years, say it will not be enough to plug funding "gap"
Coperforma has been stripped of its patient transport contract in Sussex. Kent-based company leased non-emergency ambulances to keep service running. Company says all contractors were paid in full for services received.
Alex Morgan will join French club Lyon on loan from NWSL side Orlando Pride. The 27-year-old has won the women's World Cup and Olympic gold with the US. Morgan said the decision to leave "wasn't easy" but she hopes it will push her game to another level
Cheshire has missed much of the past three years because of repeated concussions. Japan's Ayana Onozuka (89.80) took gold in Sierra Nevada. James Woods and Izzy Atkin qualified for slopestyle finals on Sunday.
WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman said the organisation "will never allow three-minute rounds" Flyweight Adams' next bout in Leeds on 13 May is on the undercard of Josh Warrington's WBC International featherweight title fight with Kiko Martinez. Adams' management believe it will be the first time a women's bout
Sevilla drew 2-2 with Ukraine's Shakhtar Donetsk in the Europa League. The result leaves Sevilla on course for a third consecutive Europa League success. Kevin Gameiro's late penalty earned the Spanish side a draw.
Russia has deployed a batch of 14 military jets to Crimea, as part of a squadron of 30. Gen Breedlove had said earlier on Tuesday that a large number of Russian troops were also active inside Ukraine. Russia has continued to deny allegations from western countries that it played any direct role in the conflict in Ukraine
Danny Willett became the first Englishman since Nick Faldo in 1996 to win The Masters. Willett was playing with fellow Englishman and friend Lee Westwood. The 29-year-old began the final round three shots adrift of defending champion Jordan Spieth.
Ludwig recently celebrated his third birthday with his owners. He can play a small toy piano and even named after a musician.
First Minister Arlene Foster has resisted calls to step aside over the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme. RHI is approximately £490m over budget. Sinn Féin's national chairperson accused Mrs Foster and her party of "unvarnished arrogance"
David Crompton, 52, is to step down in November after four years in the post. His retirement comes after a report by Prof John Drew found the force's response to the abuse was "inadequate" It was commissioned after the Jay Report found 1,400 girls were abused in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013
Diabetes UK Cymru says there are now 177,212 people living with the condition. The charity says if the trend continues these figures could rise to 288,000 by 2025. Diabetes costs NHS Wales nearly £500m a year, it added.
The 28-year-old's contract with Kielna Koroce in his homeland had expired. Grzelak has also played for Wisla Plock, Dolcan Zabki and Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biala.
Some banks unhappy about fees they currently pay. At the moment around 75% of ATMs are free to use. Banks with large number of card-holders feel they are being unfairly penalised.
Malaysia's attorney general cleared Mr Najib of allegations of corruption. He had denied that the money came from state investment fund 1MDB. Mr Najib's coalition went on to win the election, but with one of its poorest showings in more than 50 years.
Chris Eubank Jr will defend his British middleweight title against Doran. Blackwell was put in an induced coma after losing to Eubank in March. The fight is on the undercard of Anthony Joshua's IBF heavyweight title defence against Dominic Breazeale.
Turkish police have seized 1,263 life jackets in a raid on a workshop. Officers found them stuffed with packaging rather than buoyancy aids. On Tuesday, the bodies of 34 migrants were found along Turkey's coast. Many migrants buy life jackets to help them survive the dinghy journey.
Mark Coshever admitted entering the field of play at Southend. The 39-year-old was given an eight-week sentence suspended for 12 months. Southend magistrates also gave him a five-year football banning order.
All five titles at the championships were won by the top seeds. Rajiv Ouseph won his eighth men's singles title, beating Alex Lane 21-10 21-9. Fontaine Chapman triumphed after twice being a beaten finalist.
Che Adams scored the winner as Sheffield United beat Shrewsbury 2-1. The Blades goalkeeper George Long saved Kyle Vassell's first-half spot kick. Billy Sharp put the visitors ahead with a low shot, his 20th goal of the season. Abu Ogogo equalised from Sullay Kaikai's cross
Poland beat Romania 3-0 in their Group E Euro 2016 qualifier at the National Stadium in Bucharest. The match was stopped for a minute in the second half after fans threw flares and firecrackers on to the pitch. Unbeaten Poland top the group on 10 points after four matches.
Students aged from nine to 12 have been asked to create their designs. Results could then be made to existing national parks around Adelaide. The government has set aside nearly $10.4m Australian dollars.
RMT union claimed some workers on two freight boats were paid £4 an hour. Charter change will see contracted out services return to operator Serco Northlink. Seatruck argued the national minimum wage was not applicable to the crew.
Ospreys host the Scarlets in the Pro12 on Boxing Day. Ospreys lost 33-27 to Bordeaux-Begles in the Champions Cup. The Scarlets lost 9-6 to Glasgow at the weekend.
Ackerman was initially banned in October last year after being found guilty of corruption. He had laid bets against a horse knowing its jockey aimed not to win.
Nato's Afghan deployment began after the 9/11 attacks against the US. From 1 January the alliance's role will shift to a mainly training and support mission. Sunday's ceremony was low-key - held inside a gymnasium away from the public.
Two Syrian nationals provided first aid to National Democratic Party member. Stefan Jagsch was injured in an accident in Hesse state. Refugees - who happened to be passing the time - had left by the time police arrived.
Emergency services found a Mini had crashed head-on with a Volvo. Philip Clayton, 43, died at the scene in Buxton Road, Hazel Grove. A 23-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital.
Carwyn Jones said people's " disengagement with Brussels" could attach itself to London. The UK government said it will trigger the Article 50 process on March 29. Mrs May said she wanted to get "the best possible deal" for the UK.
ECB also appoint ex-Test batsman James Whitaker as chairman of selectors. Downton, 56, replaces Hugh Morris, who quit to take up dual role at Glamorgan. Ex-England captains Andrew Strauss and Nasser Hussain were linked to job.
Joseph Brown-Lartey was killed when Addil Haroon drove through a red light. The 18-year-old was jailed for six years after admitting causing death by dangerous driving. His father Ian said it was like being 'kicked in the teeth twice'
Police received calls from concerned members of the public. Officers helped to have the sheep rounded up and returned to their home. It is understood the animals are kept locally.
Greece's government has sent a list of reforms to its European partners. Andrew Walker says improving tax collection has been a persistent theme. The letter only calls for an emphasis on maximising public revenue.
More than 300 inmates were held inside the building until it closed in March 2013. Previous suggestions for the site have included housing, a museum and a hotel complex.
DJ Fern Britton presented her final show on Radio 1 today. She said she was stepping down for "family and new adventures" in February. Coldplay's Chris Martin wrote a song to mark her departure.
Watson is charged with an "act contrary to good sportsmanship", as well as tackling Alex Goode in the air. The first offence alleges he used "offensive, inappropriate and unprofessional" language after being sent off. Watson featured in every Six Nations game for England this year.
Dan Holman has now scored nine goals in 10 games for Cheltenham. The striker is on loan at the Robins from Colchester United. Cheltenham remain two points clear at the top of the National League.
Pieces from the board game have been found in Qingzhou City in China. They include a 14-faced dice made of animal tooth with ancient Chinese writing on it. The tomb was built to bury rich Chinese people 2,300 years ago.
Rangers were knocked out of the Europa League qualifiers while Alves was on international duty with Portugal. The 35-year-old has now started training with the club and has set his sights on winning trophies at Ibrox. Alves signed a two-year deal at Rangers after leaving Serie A side Cagliari.
Consumer price index (CPI) rose 1.6% in September compared with a year earlier. That was lower than analysts' forecasts of 1.8%, and down from the rate of 2% recorded in August. Producer prices fell for a 43rd straight month as manufacturers cut prices to win business. Asian markets were all
Richards has not played since the 2-0 defeat by Derby County on 27 September. Warnock says he has had lads with broken legs recover quicker than him. Cardiff manager says he does not expect to make any attempt to sign Julian Speroni.
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShip Two crashed during a test run over the desert in California. One pilot was killed and another is recovering in hospital. Virgin Galactic had aimed to send tourists into space early next year.
Women and children were rescued from the Old City by Iraqi troops. Families were given food and water and given a taste of freedom. But nearly everyone who was rescued had to leave dead relatives behind. Search and rescue teams are still pulling bodies from the rubble.
Two types of chemicals called neonicotinoids and coumaphos are interfering with the insect's ability to learn and remember. Experiments revealed that exposure was also lowering brain activity. But a company that makes the substances said laboratory-based studies did not always apply to bees in the wild.
Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research will recruit 34 PhD students. Funding is from the Interreg programme which supports projects in NI. Aside from marine energy projects, the centre will focus on the digestion of agri-food waste.
Experts say there could be empty areas inside the pyramid or internal air currents. It comes as experts search for hidden chambers within the pyramids. The Great Pyramid was built in the Fourth Dynasty, about 2613-2494BC.
The device was found at Corfe Mullen, Dorset on Tuesday morning. A Military Explosive Ordnance Disposal team has set up a 1,000m exclusion zone. Local roads within the cordon and the A350 will be closed from 09:30.
Michal Konrad Herba, 36, was held on a European Arrest Warrant. He is the brother of suspect Lukasz Pawel Herba. Ms Ayling, 20, was allegedly abducted in Milan and held for five days. It is alleged kidnappers tried to sell her online for £230,000
TV has become an important part of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan. Prank TV shows have earned criticism in recent years for taking things too far. Egyptian actor Ramez Galal has established himself as a major TV prankster.
GM will also hire 1,000 new workers in Ontario to focus on research for connected and driverless cars. Canada and particularly Ontario has been promoting its car-making sector as it attempts to compete with Mexico.
Rob Ford, former Toronto mayor, died at age 46 of cancer on Monday. His wife, Renata, hugged supporters who lined up to pay tribute. Current Toronto Mayor John Tory called him a "profoundly human guy" Ford gained notoriety for his outlandish public acts and drug use.
The cub was seen darting under a wheel arch and up into the engine bay. AA patrolman Jason Robertson spotted a dangling leg and freed the animal. The cub, now named Basset, is being looked after by Scottish SPCA.
Team studied recorded speech of Glaswegians from the early 20th Century to the present. Found evidence of common UK accent changes, such as the use of "f" for "th"
Grade II listed Guildford Cathedral was at risk because of deteriorating plasterwork. Preparatory work will begin next month before building starts in October. It is the last Church of England cathedral to be consecrated on a new site.
House of Cards actress Robin Wright was paid equal to Kevin Spacey's character. Her success at equalising her pay is a story to be noted, because it is still incredibly rare. US government statistics show that women are paid less than their male counterparts, 79 cents for every dollar a man earns
Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 20 points to end at 20,914.62. broader S&P 500 index dipped by just three points to finish at 2,378.23. Tiffany's shares rose after better-than-expected results. Software company Adobe also saw its shares jump 3.8%.
All Party Parliamentary Group on social mobility says all interns should be paid after their first month. Calls for better access to "top jobs for those from less advantaged homes"
The government has a target for the equivalent of 100% of Scotland's electricity consumption to come from renewable sources by 2020. The funding will go to The Carbon Trust's Offshore Wind Accelerator.
Katy Bethel, 28, and Aaron Harris, 33, were arrested at Eurotunnel check-in. They were returning from Calais to Folkestone when stopped by customs. Ms Bethel was six months pregnant with her fourth child at the time. She denies aiding and abetting unlawful immigration.
Cuba has been a one-party state led by Fidel Castro since 1959. His brother Raul took over as president in February 2008. The US and Cuba agreed in 2014 to normalise relations.
Clarke full of praise for England captain Alastair Cook. "I have the greatest admiration for him," says Australian cricket chief. Clarke also praises Kevin Pietersen's return to the team.
Teenie was shot twice in the shoulder and once in its left back leg. Vets had to amputate the one-year-old cat's leg to save its life. Owner Sarah Nisbett said the cat is now having to learn how to walk again. Last year the Scottish government
Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire approved flying of the flag. Move comes amid the continued deadlock over Northern Ireland's ban on same-sex marriage. It also coincides with the first official visit of Taoiseach Leo Varadkar to Northern Ireland.
East of England Euro-MP Richard Howitt said he is to become chief executive of the International Integrated Reporting Council. Mr Howitt is the Labour spokesman on foreign affairs in the European Parliament.
Group says it has 1.5 terabytes of the company's data. It has posted episodes of Ballers and Room 104 online. HBO confirmed it had experienced a "cyber incident"
Kids Company said it was not aware of the nature of any allegations. Charity provides practical, emotional and educational support to inner-city children. Earlier this month the charity faced questions about the way it was run.
The AFI Lifetime Achievement award is considered one of the highest honours in the US for a film actor. Freeman won an Oscar for his role in Million Dollar Baby in 2005. He will be the 39th recipient of the award.
Police said the man was detained as part of an ongoing investigation into the conflict in Syria. Arrest is not linked to any immediate threat in the UK, police said. Crawley MP Henry Smith said police told him the man had been arrested.
Under adverse conditions, RBS's capital levels fell by 7.5 percentage points. RBS said the tests showed it had made "continued progress" The European Banking Authority tested 51 lenders in the eurozone and the EU. It examined the impact of GDP falling by about 7% between now and 2018.
Vehicles and pedestrians will now embark and disembark separately. Isle of Wight Council said its new procedures were in response to a resident's complaint. Councillor Shirley Smart said it would "initially result in a slower service"
Simon joined the Wildcats from Catalans Dragons, and has played nine times in Super League this year.
The Ministry of Justice said there was "no obligation" to name people. Family lawyers say that, in most cases, involving a third party adds "conflict" The online form has been updated to make the legal process more user-friendly.
RSPB Scotland's Loch Garten reserve, near Grantown on Spey, has welcomed her for 14th season. Previous drama-filled visits have included having her eggs kicked out of the nest by rival males.
Online poll suggests some 15 to 18-year-olds feel happier online than in real life. Dr Radha from The Surgery on Radio 1 has advised people to "slowly wean themselves off it" She said: "The more time we spend online, the less we are able to develop our social skills"
Maria Zakharova said Jews told her they donated both to Mr Trump and Hillary Clinton. She joked that American Jews were the best guide to US politics. Anti-US propagandists in the last century peddled an idea that rich New York Jews controlled US politics.
Pictures show smoke billowing from a Bakerloo line train sitting on a platform. Transport for London said the fire was caused by an electrical fault. The station was evacuated shortly before 09:00 BST. Trains did not stop at the station for nearly two hours.
Report suggests men, women and children are being abused "to eliminate public protest" Many subjected to virginity tests, rape and gang rape after arrest. Study notes a surge in sexual violence after the Egyptian military takeover in July 2013.
Celtic are closing in on a fifth successive league title. The Bhoys can clinch the title with a point against Aberdeen on Sunday. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths won the PFA Scotland Player of the Year award. Griffiths has scored 39 goals this season.
The number of people out of work fell by 99,000 to 1.68 million. Average weekly earnings, including bonuses, were up 2%, the slowest increase since February. The figures show that the employment rate hit 74% - the highest since records began in 1971.
Ofcom received five complaints about the show on UKTV's Watch channel. It said children could have imitated Brown's "clearly dangerous behaviour" UKTV said the programme was broadcast in error and was unsuitable for pre-watershed transmission.
Britain's Adam Peaty wins gold in the men's 100m breaststroke. Peaty set a new world record in the semi-final of the event. The 22-year-old also retained his 100m title on Monday. Defending champions Britain finish fifth in the 4x100m mixed
Site was protected by passwords, encryption and specialist software. Images and videos there showed the abuse of babies and young children. Users had to post increasingly graphic material to remain on the site.
Experiment looked at how food and air could be used under controlled conditions. Three men and a woman grew 25 types of plants. They also had to adjust to "Mars time", which is 39 minutes longer than an earth day.
Guido Amsel, 49, targeted law firms that represented him or his ex-wife. One bomb exploded at an office last Friday, severely injuring a woman. Two more explosive devices were found over the weekend in Winnipeg. Mr Amsel has been charged with two counts of attempted murder.
Murdoch follows Rocco Quinn out of Dundee United. The 26-year-old joins on an "initial one-year deal" Ray McKinnon describes Murdoch as "exactly the type of player we need"
Bodies found near city of Al Bayda, close to the site of the kidnapping. Crew was taken in August while travelling through territory controlled by extremists. Libya has been in turmoil since the fall of Gaddafi in 2011.
Lucas failed to complete the first of the 10-race series but recovered to win seven of the next nine. The 40-year-old is the only confirmed member of the British Paralympic team for the Rio Games.
Russell Group of leading universities lukewarm on the idea of a binding contract. Labour says talk about value for money is a'smokescreen' to cover unpopularity of the rising cost of fees.
Kulbhushan Jadhav was arrested last year and convicted on Monday. Pakistan says he was detained in restive Balochistan province in March 2016. India has always questioned the alleged confession, saying it was extracted under duress.
Residents say the blast could be heard across Mogadishu. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack. But the Somali Islamist group al-Shabab often carries out such bombings.
Victim threatened with a knife and handed over a sum of money. Man entered the property through a back window on Monday. occupant managed to release himself before raising the alarm.
Charity said there had been a total of 137 convictions in the same period. Maximum sentence for offenders is six months in prison and/or an unlimited fine. Campaigners want it to be raised to up to three years.
The 65 people in court in Letpadan could face jail terms of up to six years. Eleven who were released on bail will be charged at a later date. The students began a protest march from Mandalay to Yangon in January. They were protesting against a bill which centralises control over higher education
Darul Uloom Islamic High School in Birmingham was criticised by inspectors. They found a female governor sat out of sight of male governors. But the school says visitors, parents and governors can sit where they want.
Jack Beales, 93, of Rhyl, carried out the attacks while she was a young girl. He denied five charges of rape and six other sexual offences. Beales was unanimously convicted by the jury at Mold Crown Court. Judge Rhys Rowlands said Beales had destroyed his victim's
Piero Mingoia opened the scoring for the hosts in the first half. Jack Dunn equalised for the visitors from the penalty spot in the 62nd minute. Paul Mullin restored Morecambe's lead three minutes later.
The teenager was detained at Riverside Retail Park in Coleraine. Detectives from the PSNI's Reactive and Organised Crime Branch made the arrest.
Jones, 31, suffered a shin injury while on international duty with Trinidad and Tobago. Cardiff manager Russell Slade said there was no break and Jones will be assessed once he returns to Wales. This is the second time in the space of two months Jones has been unavailable for Cardiff following international duty.
Teachers' pay has been limited to 1% or less for the past five years. The government said it was attracting "the best and brightest" to teaching. But six unions have warned this policy risks undermining standards.
Firm behind fracking in Lancashire suspends operations after latest tremor. 1.5 magnitude tremor was second in two months after a 2.3 on April. Cuadrilla says it will now examine data before deciding whether to resume.
Beyond Caravaggio exhibition features the work of the Italian artist and 30 other artists who were influenced by him. It is a collaboration with the National Galleries in London and Dublin. Edinburgh is the last stop for the works inspired by the man known as the "bad boy" of early 17th Century art
It follows suggestions third-party software had been used to steal intimate photos of celebrities - posted online last month - from iCloud. The action should stop the tool from being able to infiltrate Apple's internet storage service if the safety measure is implemented. One expert suggested that Apple should instead make it the default option
Family of Marie Colvin file wrongful death lawsuit in Washington DC. They say they have evidence that she was murdered as part of a policy of deliberately killing journalists. Colvin was reporting from the rebel-held area of Baba Amr, in Homs, in February 2012.
Archie Darby died on 13 October after being attacked by a Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog. His 22-month-old brother Daniel-Jay was left with "life-changing injuries" The dog was put down with the consent of its owner - the children's aunt.
Sportscotland has yet to decide where the cuts will fall. About 60% of funding is made up from Scottish Government money. By the end of next year, that figure will have fallen to £51.8m.
Every pregnant woman should have access to dieticians and psychologists to help protect the health of their future children.
RSPB Scotland reserves archaeologist Jill Harden said they had probably been thrown into a loch as part of a religious ceremony. The weapons can be viewed at the Isle of Coll's An Cridhe community centre on Thursday and Friday.
Incident happened at Patterton station on October 3. The boy was punched from behind and stamped on as he lay on the ground. His mobile phone was also stolen.
Man reportedly had a'special obsession' with a girl he taught. He was arrested in Valladolid, north-west Spain. Interpol said they discovered illegal files were being sent from an email address in Spain and alerted the authorities.
Forbes calculated earnings by looking at income from "touring, record sales, publishing, merchandise sales, endorsements and other ventures" Beyonce earned an estimated $64m (£40m) between June 2013 and June 2014. Taylor Swift came in second on the list, taking home an estimated $44m (£30m) Pink
Three-time World Cup winner is selling all three of his winner's medals at auction. His winning medal from the 1962 World Cup in Chile was sold for £140,800. A one-off Jules Rimet trophy made for the former striker after Brazil's triumph in Mexico in 1970 is the
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said it was a "hurtful action" and that Australia had "belittled" the row. Jakarta would review co-operation, he said. Australian PM Tony Abbott expressed regret but said he would not apologise. The allegations published by Australian media came from documents
Unconfirmed reports say troops have now quit all bases near the strategic northern town of Saraqeb. The army, meanwhile, continued its air strikes across Syria on Thursday.
Fields around organic farms have more types of wild plants, providing benefits for wildlife, say scientists.
Industry letter says fans are being 'ripped-off' by touts. It urges government to put 'public's interests before the touts' Government consultation on ticket resale closes on Friday.
The Treasury hopes the tax will bring in £2.6bn every year.
Bonds globally lost $1.29tn (£1tn) last week, according to Bank of America. On Monday, the 30-year US Treasury jumped above 3% for the first time since January. In the UK, the 10-year gilt yields returned to levels not seen since June's referendum vote
Tesco said its UK like-for-like sales were up 0.3% in the 13 weeks to 28 May. For the group as a whole, including its businesses in Ireland, the rise was 0.9%. Tesco also said it had agreed to sell its Harris & Hoole coffee shop chain to Caffe Nero.
Dorset Police said driver was trying to find Sam Smith song on tube. The singer has released the song Writing's On The Wall as the theme to the new James Bond film Spectre. Officers were carrying out checks on traffic offences on Thursday.
The actress, 79, has age-related macular degeneration (AMD) The condition affects more than 600,000 people in the UK. Dame Judi first revealed her diagnosis in 2012, noting her mother had it.
Stephensons single-decker was a mile off the local bus route, says farmer. James Mizen said a bus mechanic knocked at the door to tell him a vehicle was stuck on the property.
A partial eclipse was visible in Australia, parts of South East Asia and the Pacific.
Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford said the idea was "attractive" Everyone would receive the same sum regardless of whether they work or not. In Scotland the policy has support from across the political spectrum. Patrick Minford from Cardiff University's Business School said it was "not a workable scheme"
Denbigh Infirmary's rating of one star was called "abysmal" by Clwyd West AM Darren Millar. Control measures to combat clostridium difficile (C.diff) have also been stepped up.
The Conservatives have been given a huge confidence boost. They will feel in a position to challenge in more constituencies next year. Welsh Labour are going to hold a'short sharp' analysis into what went wrong.
Trawsfynydd could be an ideal site for a new small module reactor. About 300 workers are decommissioning the plant which began in 1995. Ninety redundancies were announced in April.
Mr Natzler has served as acting Clerk since the retirement of Sir Robert Rogers last year. Recruitment of a new Clerk has been dogged by argument over the past nine months.
Faye Jones, 32, from Wokingham, is considering emigrating to the US. She now uses cannabis to ease her pain, nausea and inflammation. A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise the drug.
Beji Caid Essebsi won the first round with 39% of the vote. He represents the secular-leaning Nidaa Tounes party. His opponent, Moncef Marzouki, is a 67-year-old human rights activist.
Erskine has agreed a pre-contract to join Thistle on a three-year deal. It will be Erskine's third spell with United's Scottish Premiership rivals. Manager Alan Archibald expects to lose Bannigan in the summer.
Public Accounts Committee accused Big Four accountancy firms of making corporate taxable income 'vanish into thin air' But tax chiefs said many common assumptions about avoidance schemes were wrong. The committee was taking evidence from the Big Four at a time when issues of tax avoidance have moved centre stage.
Scientists hope the drop in HPV cases will lead to a drop in future cases. HPV virus types are thought to account for about 90% of cervical cancers. There were 388 new cases of cervical cancer in Scotland in 2014.
Cardiff manager Neil Warnock had discussions with a number of clubs in the summer. Warnock believes Steve Bruce is the right man for the job at Villa Park. Bruce replaced Roberto Di Matteo after 124 days in charge.
Helmut Oberlander says he was forced to act as a translator for the squad. He has fought three prior attempts by Canada to strip his citizenship and won. His lawyer says Mr Oberlander will also fight this latest citizenship revocation.
Bank of Scotland Business Digital Index assessed small firms in five key skills needed to get the most out of being online. Less than a third of Scottish small businesses lacked these basic digital skills, compared to a UK average of 38%. Experts said the lack of key digital skills was a primary barrier to doing more business
The wider S&P 500 index was up 11.18 points to 2,099.73, while the tech-focused Nasdaq climbed 36.26 points to 4,859.16. Data from the Institute for Supply Management showed the US services sector picked up in June. The US trade deficit however increased by 10%
Syed Ali attacked the teenager in Sunderland's Mowbray Park. He was found guilty after a trial at Newcastle Crown Court.
Mercedes bosses say drivers face'sporting and financial consequences' Toto Wolff refused to give details of the potential sanctions but hinted it could include suspensions from races. The move follows their last-lap collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
The sites now redirect to a message explaining they have been blocked. The decision was made following two separate court rulings. Sexually explicit content is not outlawed in Russia.
The Victorian Society released its annual list which it says names those in urgent need of help and protection. It includes Red Barns in Redcar where Gertrude Bell lived, St Paul's Church in Chester and Wakefield's Clayton Hospital. For the first time no properties in London and the South-East have
Prime Minister Nouri Maliki is bidding for a third term. Sunni Arabs and Kurds accuse him of being too authoritarian and pro-Shia. Some observers think his re-election could endanger Iraq's fragile democracy.
Ms Maréchal-Le Pen, 27, is an MP for the National Front (FN) She is the granddaughter of FN founder Jean-Marie Le Pen. Analysts say she takes more of a hardline position than her aunt.
Wales face England in their Six Nations encounter on Friday night. Warren Gatland's side have lost their opening two matches. Samson Lee and Rhods Davies are both in line to start in Cardiff.
Group damaged windows at the Mold branch before damaging cars elsewhere. A local resident also needed hospital treatment after being assaulted. Seven people have been bailed and one released without charge.
Report focuses on the impact of sea level rises on the Dawlish to Teignmouth line. The line was closed for two months in 2014 after it was destroyed by storms. Report predicts 10% of journeys on the line could be affected by 2040. Network Rail said the study would be "key" to
Southeastern will refund difference in cost between mainline and high speed fares. Season ticket-holders from five stations will also get a backdated 20% refund. Dover MP Charlie Elphicke, said the line still needed repairing quickly.
A heavy shower on Friday brought out the wellies, ponchos and umbrellas. Professor Stephen Hawking is unlikely to attend an appearance in the Kidz Field. Organisers have not confirmed the identity of the act who will fill the Pyramid Stage slot.
He complained that Dawn Bowden referred to "Goebbels-like propaganda from the right-wing media" in a recent debate. He claimed Eluned Morgan "trivialised suicide" when saying Brexit would "slit the wrists of the Welsh economy"
Being global and digital are what I have tried to achieve in the last two years. I often find news items from social media and other online sources faster than traditional ones. Business news should look to add value for its audience in terms of relevant and rigorous analysis.
Midfielder Christensen has played more than 50 games for Orient. Striker Woodrow has only started one league match this season. Both players are available to face QPR on Saturday.
Katharina Barker and Nicky Williams also had babies with Down's syndrome. They decided to set up 21 Plus charity to help those with condition. Support includes speech and language therapy, school help and conferences. The trio are finalists in the national St David Awards citizenship category.
Joel Andresier, 39, from Southampton, put the buggy on eBay. He said it had been covered in "pretty much every bodily fluid known to science" At one stage the highest bid for the three-wheeler stood at more than £150,000. Mr Andresier reset the price after admitting he did not expect
Paul Robson is the second trader at the Dutch bank to plead guilty. Rabobank paid $1bn (£597m) to US and European regulators for its part in the global rate-rigging scandal. Barclays Bank, Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Bank have all previously been fined for rate rigging
England Knights player made his Tigers debut as a 16-year-old in 2008. Arundel scored 16 tries in 44 first-team appearances for Hull.
Nuffield Trust chief executive says money could be better spent elsewhere. He argues the health service is in a world of "tough trade-offs" Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt told the BBC doctors agreed with him. The BMA has been given until next Friday to agree to discuss the plans.
Helen Jenkins' first World Series win since 2012 ends Gwen Jorgensen's 13-race winning streak. The Welsh triathlete also beat British rival Jodie Stimpson. "Helen has put a very strong case forward," says Stanford.
It will also investigate claims about money contained in an Isle of Man bank account. It is the NCA's first major investigation since it began operating in Northern Ireland in May.
Allen to team up with aerospace pioneer Burt Rutan for project. Giant aircraft would launch unmanned rockets from high-flying planes.
RSPB Scotland opposed the developments in the Firth of Forth and Firth of Tay over concerns for wildlife. Scottish ministers approved the Inch Cape, Neart na Gaoithe and Seagreen Alpha and Bravo projects in 2014. Judge Lord Stewart ruled in favour of RSPB Scotland at the Court of Session in Edinburgh.
Andrew Steele, from Dunfermline, turned himself in to police in December. He confessed to raping one girl and touching another between 1996 and 2005. The 49-year-old was initially released pending further investigations. But he was detained months later and told officers his mother was 'up in the sky'
Zabair Hussain, 41, was discovered with multiple injuries to his head and body. He later died at the scene in Staniforth Road, Darnall, Sheffield. The 28-year-old arrested man has been taken into police custody.
Violence erupted in Juba in July, spreading to the previously peaceful southern Equatoria states. More than 340,000 people have fled the violence into neighbouring Uganda. Uganda is coping extremely well with the huge influx of refugees.
Aberdeen manager McInnes believes his side can finish second in the league. The Dons lost 3-0 to Rangers at Pittodrie on Sunday. Kenny Miller scored twice for the visitors.
Lance Corporal Derby XXX was promoted to the rank of lance corporal. He was awarded his honour by the colonel of the Mercian Regiment. The Swaledale ram is officially classed as a soldier.
At least one bomber blew himself up outside the mausoleum of Sayid Mohammed bin Ali al-Hadi, which was then stormed by gunmen. Another bomber is said to have blown himself up among fleeing worshippers. Death toll from Sunday's suicide bombing in Baghdad has again been raised, from 281 to 292
Lexicographers noticed that its usage was up 200% on 2014. Other entries include dadbod, ghosting and clean eating. Those words that remain popular could be included in the next print edition.
Scolari, 65, won the tournament in 2002 but the hosts could only finish fourth at this year's event. Brazil were thrashed 7-1 by Germany in the semi-finals then lost 3-0 to the Netherlands in the play-off. Scolari's contract was set to expire after the tournament.
Drugs such as tamoxifen and bulsufan are now 10 times more expensive. British Generic Manufacturers Association said trusts often paid much less. Department for Health said it has plans to cut generic drug costs.
This is the fourth time in five years there has been no winner. Kenya's Mwai Kibaki met at least one of the criteria, after he stepped down as president earlier this year.
Met Office storm, named Storm Barbara, could see winds gusting to 90mph over western and northern parts of Scotland. Forecasters have warned of possible disruption to power supplies. Yellow "be aware" warnings are also in place for Scotland for Wednesday to Saturday.
Terry has performed at the Globe in As You Like It, A Midsummer Night's Dream and Love's Labour's Lost. She won an Olivier award for her performance in Tribes at the Royal Court in 2010. Terry most recently starred as the king in Henry V at Regent's Park Open Air
Police said 39-year-old Angharad Bullock was reported missing on 28 April. Officers are concerned for the welfare of the pair.
Lion Babe are Jillian Hervey and Lucas Goodman. They first came to attention in 2012 with Treat Me Like Fire. The past 18 months has seen the band work with the likes of Pharrell Williams.
The mural, called Slave Labour, disappeared from a wall in Wood Green, north London, in February. It appeared in a Miami sale but was removed from the lot after protests by Haringey Council. The mural is now up for auction in Covent Garden by the Sincura Group.
Official numbers showed revenues down 32.2% for the period. Expectations were for a fall in revenues of just over 31%. Macau is the world's largest gaming centre - ahead of Las Vegas.
Several writers have returned their awards to the Akademi in recent weeks. Writers are protesting against what they call rising intolerance in India. Akademi condemned "any atrocity against any writer anywhere in the country"
Ruskin College's governing body has agreed to cut two of its six BA programmes and one of its three MA courses. College principal Chris Wilkes said the decision was related to "low student numbers" Online petitions have been set up in a bid to save the English faculty and the Women's Studies course.
Retired telecoms engineer David Warburton, 59, has not been seen since 31 July. Police launched an appeal for information after he went missing. His car was spotted in north Wales before returning to Swansea.
Peter Sagan wins fifth stage of Tour de France. Orica-Scott rider started Sunday second overall. Geraint Thomas up to sixth overall, with two stages remaining.
Milner won 61 caps for England after making his senior debut in 2009. He was a squad member at two World Cups and two European Championships. Milner also holds the record for the most capped England Under-21 player.
Arsenal and Hull draw 0-0 at the Emirates in the FA Cup fourth round. The Gunners had two penalty claims denied and had chances to win the game. Eldin Jakupovic made a string of saves to frustrate Arsene Wenger.
Huawei says Samsung used some of its technologies without permission. The Chinese firm is pursuing its South Korean rival in two courts. Samsung says it will defend its business interests.
Assassination of a head of state is illegal under international law. But the targeted killing of those woven into the enemy chain of command is shrouded in legal ambiguity.
The car was discovered on Sunday by two cyclists in Crakemarsh, Staffordshire. The man, who was 25 and from the local area, has not yet been named. A girl in the back of the car was treated for minor injuries.
Talks between the UK and Scottish governments on the fiscal framework continued over the weekend. No agreement has yet been announced. Lord Dunlop said the talks were at a "sensitive and critical point" But he told peers that "significant progress" had been made.
Kerry says images show missiles on disputed island in South China Sea. China dismissed reports as "hype" and said it had right under law to defend itself. Several nations claim territory in the resource-rich region, which is important shipping route.
The SNP had said it would not vote on issues affecting England and Wales only. The government has said the hunting vote will now be held after plans to give English MPs a veto on matters affecting only England. But this would not stop the hunting issue having to be voted on by the whole House of Commons
Labour leader has warned the terms of reference could be too "narrow" He wants an interim report on the cause of the fire by September. Sir Martin Moore-Bick was appointed to head the inquiry on Wednesday.
Ospreys tight heads Dmitri Arhip and Ma'afu Fia are currently sidelined. Rhodri Jones is in the Wales squad for the Six Nations.
Aiden Webb, 22, from Norwich, was climbing Fansipan mountain alone. He injured his arm and knee in the fall on the 10,300ft high mountain. Rescuers have been on the mountain since Saturday morning.
Harry Jepson began his affiliation with the club in the 1960s. He was named president in 2004. The service took place at Headingley Stadium earlier.
Zoo said new scientific tests had given a "strong indication" of pregnancy. Tian Tian also conceived last year, but the pregnancy failed. If she does have a successful delivery, it will be the first time a giant panda has been born in Britain.
David Lindo, the self-styled "Urban Birder", wants Britain to have a national bird. A shortlist of 10 birds has been chosen by online voters on his campaign's website. Mr Lindo will close the vote on the day of the general election, 7 May. He wants
Man, 25, had been seen outside house in Braunau am Inn in which Hitler was born. lookalike had recently moved to the town on the German border, police say. Glorifying the Nazi era is a crime in Austria.
Adrian Fatchett, 52, was injured at a house in Athersley South. He died on Saturday night despite being treated at the scene by paramedics. A 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed.
The Hammersmith and City Line has been suspended between Edgware Road and Hammersmith. The Circle Line is also closed partly due to the fire and partly because of planned engineering work. Transport for London said the move had been made "at the request of the London Fire Brigade"
Alastair Cook stood down as England Test captain on Monday. Joe Root had been vice-captain under Cook since May 2015. England's leading wicket-taker James Anderson says Root is "obvious" candidate. Anderson has played under five full-time Test captains in his England career.
Internet service providers (ISPs) are trying to spread the cost of upgraded service to content providers like Netflix. Critics say this violates the so-called "net neutrality" principle. More than 11% of all internet traffic is believed to be illegally shared.
Andre Gray opened the scoring from the spot after Shane Duffy felled George Boyd in the area. Rovers pressed for an equaliser but Elliott Bennett's powerful effort was brilliantly kept out by home keeper Tom Heaton. The Clarets are now four points clear of third-placed Hull.
The first car using the new chassis will be a mid-sized sports saloon. It will be flexible enough to be the base for future Jaguar or Land Rover models.
Corey Whitely scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Eastleigh end 10-match unbeaten run for Dagenham and Redbridge.
Toto Nsiala opened the scoring for Hartlepool in the eighth minute. Louis Lang equalised for Notts County in the second half. Jon Stead curled home with 14 minutes remaining to cap a fine comeback.
Josh Hanson, of Kingsbury, north-west London, was stabbed in the neck. He died at the scene shortly after 01:10 BST on Sunday. Scotland Yard said about 40 people were in the bar at the time of the attack.
Woodland Trust's annual contest will decide which specimen represents the country in the Europe-wide event. The final winner of the England heat will be decided by public vote. This year's list includes yew trees, ancient oaks, hawthornes and the sycamore under which the Tolpuddle Martyrs first
The 75-year-old man was recovered unconscious from the water at Tywyn. He was flown to hospital by the coastguard rescue helicopter but later died. In a separate incident, three people were rescued from the sea in Harlech.
Kerry Foods confirmed the redundancies, which were initially announced in February. The company said a consultation process "had failed to secure a strategy which would ensure the sustainability of production"
Jellyfish have been seen by holidaymakers at Benllech beach, on the Menai Strait. The cold spring meant there were few reports of jellyfish before June. Frankie Hobrow from the Anglesey Sea Zoo advised swimmers to "look but don't touch"
Bethany Hill, 20, was found dead with neck injuries in Stratford-upon-Avon. It is alleged she was killed by Jack Williams, 21, and his girlfriend, Kayleigh Woods, 23. The pair, who are on trial at Warwick Crown Court, deny murder.
Flt Lt William Wales is based at RAF Valley on Anglesey, north Wales. He became a helicopter captain in 2012.
The Ospreys player comes in to replace Cory Hill, who was called up by the British and Irish Lions. Wales coach Robin McBryde has made seven changes in all to the side that beat Tonga 24-6 last Friday. Thornton made 25 appearances for Ospreys in the 2016-17 campaign.
Inspector Harold Stephens said the County Plan was "unrealistic and flawed" County council said it wanted him to re-examine his findings. But he refused and the authority has now said it will take that decision to court.
Report focuses on people from outside Europe who have deadlines to leave UK. Many of these people are students and if they do not leave when told to do so, they are added to the'migration refusal pool'
Angela Merkel tops the list for the sixth year running. Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton was placed second. Janet Yellen, chairwoman of the US Federal Reserve, was third. The Queen is 29th, while Ms Sturgeon is 50th overall.
Andrew Thomas admitted handling stolen sheep and will be sentenced this month. Dyfed-Powys Police said this was the first time DNA evidence has been used in a case of this type in Wales.
William Blake: Apprentice and Master opened at the Ashmolean Museum. Plans for the 19th Century printing studio were unearthed. The studio was destroyed when the building was razed in 1918.
The research firm warns he could disrupt the global economy and heighten political and security risks in the US. However, it does not expect Mr Trump to defeat Hillary Clinton who it sees as "his most likely Democratic contender" He is rated as riskier than Britain leaving the European Union or an armed clash in the South China
The tie-up, announced in March, is expected to be completed by early 2017. It will create one of the world's largest exchange companies with a combined value of about £21bn. Each of the two companies has more than 5,000 staff.
Oak bunches are first softened in warm water, then gently and rhythmically applied. The treatment is said to boost circulation and prevent premature ageing. Ksenia Bobkova is the co-founder of London's first banya. She says that two years after opening, almost half of customers are non-
Sky Mobile will offer flexible monthly payment plans and the ability to roll over unused data each month for up to three years. According to Sky, some 46,000 have pre-registered for the service.
Mr Joyce signed a petition in March calling on Malcolm Turnbull to legalise same-sex marriage. It led to criticism by Immigration Minister Peter Dutton, who said it was "unacceptable" that people would use companies to "throw their weight around" Polls in recent years have shown a majority of Australians support
Manchester United were held to a goalless draw by Hull City at Old Trafford. Tigers goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic pulled off a string of impressive saves. Zlatan Ibrahimovic missed the best chance of the game for the hosts.
Man seriously injured when he was struck at Kentish Town station in north London. Devindra Ferguson, of Colindale, north-west London, arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. 28-year-old is due to appear in court later, British Transport Police said.
Mercedes driver did a sensational lap to beat title rival Sebastian Vettel. Valtteri Bottas was third ahead of Kimi Raikkonen's Ferrari. Max Verstappen headed team-mate Daniel Ricciardo to an all-Red Bull third row. Afterwards, F1 sporting boss Ross Brawnenberg delivered a message from
Kayden had a hole in his diaphragm, a hernia that he had probably had since birth. His mother, Julie, says he was put in a room, and left, by hospital staff. A hospital investigation has admitted failings in the run-up to Kayden's death.
Tegwen Devichand said she did not remember sharing the post. She is Labour deputy group leader at Carmarthenshire council. Ms Devichand opposes plans to remove English-stream education at Ysgol Llangennech.
Blair Alston scored his first goal for St Johnstone. Joe Garner headed Rangers level from a corner before the break. St Johnstone move level on points with second-placed Dons.
The 2016 Republican presidential campaign brought us plenty of both. From almost-first to worst, here's how the men (and woman) came up short.
The man, named as Josh Pitt from Leighton Buzzard, died from a single gunshot wound. He was fatally injured after police attended a property in Hibbert Street, Luton. Body-worn video footage from some of the officers will be analysed.
Swansea, West Brom and Bournemouth have been linked with Terry. Terry has made 717 appearances for Chelsea and is a five-time Premier League title winner with the club. The 36-year-old defender is keen to become a manager once he retires.
Tries from Josh Bassett and Ashley Johnson put Wasps back in touch. Will Addison delivered a vital three points for Sale. Kurtley Beale scored Wasps' third try 11 minutes from time.
Lewis Hamilton is only the third man to win 50 Formula One races. Michael Schumacher and Alain Prost won 11 world titles between them. BBC Sport takes a look at the key stats behind Hamilton's race wins.
At least 43 people have died in Sri Lanka after days of torrential rain. Landslides and flooding have hit many parts of the country. The worst-hit area, Aranayake district, three villages were buried.
The 33-year-old American recorded a time of 19.57 seconds in Oregon. It bettered the 19.68 secs he ran in May which was the best in the world. Gatlin has been the dominant sprinter in 2015, having also achieved the quickest time in the 100m (9.74 secs)
Israeli TV report revealed $127,000 of public money was spent on fitting the room. The expense met with anger in Israel, which is facing austerity measures. Mr Netanyahu's office said the prime minister had been unaware of the cost.
The law, AFSPA, was introduced in the region in 1990 as a response to violence by insurgent groups. It allows troops to shoot to kill suspected militants or arrest them without a warrant. Amnesty says these sweeping powers have led to a cycle of impunity for human rights violations.
Twitter use has been allowed before in a Scottish court. But it will be the first time a sentencing at the High Court in Scotland has been filmed. Gilroy was found guilty by a jury last month of murdering Suzanne Pilley.
Hopkins wrongly said the family had links to al-Qaeda in two articles published in December 2015. Her apology has been shared more than 3,500 times on Twitter. But the family told the BBC they wanted a personal apology by phone from Hopkins herself.
Lego said it never sold directly to anyone wanting to make a political statement. Ai Weiwei used Lego to create portraits of 175 dissident figures last year. He planned a similar work for the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne. But a bulk order placed by the museum was rejected by Lego.
The West End show opened at London's Piccadilly Theatre on Monday. Miranda said she felt "exhilarated" to make her debut as the orphanage owner. Annie tells the story of an 11-year-old girl who wants to escape her life of misery.
21 homeless people in Northampton, including "a significant proportion of European migrants" Council officials held talks with 30 organisations to develop a plan to eliminate rough sleeping by June 2017.
Mikheil Saakashvili must stand down as president in 2013, having completed two consecutive terms as president. Born in 1967 in the Georgian capital Tbilisi to a doctor father and a historian mother, he did his Soviet military service in Ukraine. He was elected president of his country with 96% of the vote, at
Citizens Advice Scotland said the number of employment cases it had seen had risen by 12% in the last four years. It said the most common issues involved low pay, withheld wages and unfair dismissal. Holyrood's Economy, Energy and Tourism committee is exploring how employment and job quality has changed since the 2008 recession
Juventus beat West Ham 3-2 at the London Stadium. Paulo Dybala and Mario Mandzukic scored for the visitors. Andy Carroll pulled a goal back and then headed the equaliser. Simone Zaza hit the winner for Juventus.
Most of the deaths resulted from a stampede as students rushed to escape. Twenty-five others were injured in the fire which broke out as students were sleeping. It is not being treated as suspicious.
They include 14 Olympians, four of them gold medallists, along with two Rio 2016 Paralympic champions. The event in Sarasota-Bradenton takes place between 24 September and 1 October. European champion Victoria Thornley continues in the single scull. London 2012 gold medal-winner Katherine Copeland is named in the lightweight
The players each represent one of the four Welsh regions. Dual contracts are funded 60% by the Welsh Rugby Union. The quartet have made more than 370 regional appearances between them.
The 32-year-old was available on a free transfer after being released by West Ham. Cole also played for Chelsea, Liverpool and on loan at Lille.
In April - before the EU referendum - the then home secretary gave a speech warning of the implications of a vote to leave the EU. Here's how some of the key quotes compare.
More than 3,000 beekeepers asked to send in photos, videos and files. noises will be analysed at the School of Pharmacy. The project could be rolled out to 40,000 beekeepers across the UK.
Lincoln City beat Oldham Athletic 3-2 in the second round of the FA Cup. The Imps took the lead through Theo Robinson's close-range header. Terry Hawkridge made it 2-0 shortly after, and Robinson made it 3-0. Peter Clarke and Billy McKay scored to give Oldham hope. Lincoln
The Public Accounts Committee said the cost might be "very much larger" Labour accused ministers of "hiding behind their civil servants" The government scrapped its decision to award the £5bn franchise to FirstGroup.
Sir Tim Hunt was criticised for disparaging remarks about women in science. But women have made big and important discoveries in the sciences. Many female scientists in the past were not given credit for their achievements.
Lines, 47, beat Parrott 4-0 in Scunthorpe. The event offers the winner a place in the World Championship qualifying event. Now 48, Hendry retired after being knocked out of the 2012 World Championship.
Scotland on Sunday saw print sales fall more than 20%. The Sunday Herald looked to be on its last legs, but found a niche by backing the independence cause. STV lost a wad of cash by having to bail out Mirriad, a digital advertising firm.
Lib Dem health spokesman calls for a dedicated NHS and care contribution. The new levy would be offset by deductions to income tax or national insurance. He has warned the NHS faces collapse without an urgent cash injection.
Clyde have only won once in their last 12 games in all competitions. The Bully Wee are currently 11 points behind third-placed Elgin City. But Ferguson insists he can turn the Cumbernauld outfit around.
For many, the EU remains a "one-way" street, as another man put it. But for some younger Greeks in Thessaloniki, exit is an attractive idea. Change may take a generation given support for parties tied to financial crisis.
Spitfire crashed in a field in Figullar, Emyvale, on 20 November 1942. It had been assigned to a weather-monitoring squadron in Antrim. The pilot - Gordon Hayter Proctor - had safely bailed out. Historians say they have recovered "Monaghan's Battle of Britain
A judicial review has been launched after free taxis for pupils were stopped. Parents claim their children's route to the bus stop is too dangerous to walk. But a Denbighshire council spokeswoman said the policy was agreed.
At least 290 people were killed when the 6.2-magnitude quake struck in the early hours of Wednesday. The service at St Andrew's Cathedral was led by the Archbishop of Glasgow. It follows a similar event in Edinburgh on Sunday.
The annual Bald Archy Prize for satirical art is a colourful way to get to know some of the main protagonists. The National Party leader made his mark on social media in 2015 when he threatened to put down Johnny Depp's pet dogs, Pistol and Boo. Ms Hanson also tasted victory in 2016 by winning
Hamilton's Mercedes was 0.264 seconds quicker than Vettel, with Rosberg 0.035secs further adrift. Media playback is not supported on this device. Red Bull and Toro Rosso will take penalties for using more than their permitted number of engines.
Benjamin Hyland-Ward faces nine counts of fraud by false representation. The 18-year-old is due to appear before Brighton Magistrates' Court on 24 March. Hundreds of people were left ticket-less after paying to go to the event.
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Hong Kong for three-day visit. The highly symbolic visit comes amid increasingly tense political climate. Several well-known activists were arrested on the eve of Mr Xi's arrival.
Sasikala Natarajan was appointed to the post on Sunday. She is a close aide to the late chief minister J Jayalalitha. The decision has fuelled anger as MsNatarajan has never held public office.
The landslide happened when a hill of construction waste collapsed. It left 74 people either missing or dead. Officials have described the 20 December disaster as man-made.
Air pollution blamed for 2,000 premature deaths in Scotland each year. Environmental law group ClientEarth has won a landmark ruling against the UK government. It has pledged to take the issue back to court. Scottish government has urged local authorities to carry out roadside emissions testing.
Michael Brelo, 31, was cleared of voluntary manslaughter at court in Cleveland. He was the only officer to be charged over deaths of Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams. 13 officers fired 137 shots at the car after a 22-mile chase in 2012. Case sparked a department of justice inquiry into Cleveland police
Sunday's attacks hit the Shia shrine of Sayyida Zeinab, south of Damascus. So-called Islamic State (IS) said it carried out the attacks. Both targeted areas dominated by Islamic minorities reviled by IS.
Championship winners will go up automatically from next season. The play-offs were introduced for the 2009-10 campaign. Jersey and Yorkshire Carnegie are among clubs in favour of the change.
Six Welsh councils tell BBC Wales they have lost money on recycling. Pembrokeshire council has seen price it gets for steel drop by 88%. Flintshire has seen the price for plastics halved. Experts say slump in oil prices, cheap steel imports and China's slowdown to blame.
World's biggest corporations are meeting in Peru this week. The CEOs of Walmart and Unilever are among those attending. CNN's Celia Hatton reports from the sidelines.
Knife found after another child was threatened in the school's playground. A boy was excluded from the school following the incident. Dumfries and Galloway council described the behaviour as 'totally unacceptable'
Ronnie O'Sullivan will be the man to beat at the York Masters. The four-time UK champion is currently on 764 career centuries. Ali Carter is competing in his biggest event since being diagnosed with lung cancer.
Red Bull were the only team to beat Mercedes last year and finished second in the championship. But there is good reason to believe they will make it a three-way fight at the front in 2017. Red Bull admit they have work to do with both their chassis and the Renault engine.
Scotland voted No to independence in 2014 following an often frenzied campaign. But things have changed since then - most notably the decision by the UK to leave the European Union. So have Scottish voters changed their minds?
More than 50 traders will open later night to tempt shoppers back into the city centre. Perth and Kinross council is backing the event.
Dawson was part of England's World T20 squad in March. Moeen Ali was left out of the squad to face Sri Lanka on 5 July.
Constable Ronan Kerr, 25, was killed when a bomb exploded under his car in Omagh on Saturday. Members of his Gaelic football club joined his police colleagues in a highly symbolic guard of honour. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack but dissident republicans have been blamed.
Frank Mulholland said it had been a'real privilege' to lead prosecution service. He added it was time to "step down and do other things" First Minister Nicola Sturgeon praised his work with 'dedication, energy and intellect'
The ferry is currently alongside in Unst with the fire brigade pumping out water. There were no passengers on board, only four crew members and no-one was injured.
Leigh-Anne Mahachi, 22, was discovered at a property in Gleadless Valley. She died later in hospital from multiple stab wounds. A 37-year-old man from Colchester, Essex, remains in police custody.
Ms Black won the Paisley and Renfrewshire South seat in May's election. She completed her MA Hons degree in Politics and Public Affairs.
Noel Conway, 67, was diagnosed in November 2014 and is not expected to live beyond 12 months. Mr Conway, from Shrewsbury, attended court in a wheelchair and on a ventilator. The case is the first heard since the law was challenged in 2014 and 2015. Right-to-die campaigners lost an
Ricardo Quaresma opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Manuel Neuer brought down Xabi Alonso. Thiago pulled a goal back for Bayern, but Jackson Martinez grabbed a brilliant third. The return leg takes place on 21 April.
Radwan Hamed collapsed during a game in Belgium in 2006. An electrocardiogram test showed his heart was "unequivocally abnormal" Spurs said a former employee had been remiss in their duties.
The Pirates of the Caribbean star will play the title role in Therese Raquin. The Roundabout Theatre Company show opens in October 2015 in New York. It is described as "a tale of love, lust, betrayal, and guilt"
Lionel Messi retired from international football after Argentina's defeat to Chile in the Copa America final in June. Argentina face 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Uruguay and Venezuela in September. New coach Edgardo Bauza wants to talk to Messi about his international future.
Jackson's note read: "I am sorry that a page ripped when it fell out of my bunk when I fell asleep reading. It won't happen again. I'm sorry, from Jackson." A library worker found the note and shared it on social media.
Waites thrashed Jeff Smith 7-1 in Sunday's final at Lakeside. The 38-year-old had an operation on a rotator cuff problem in February. He is the eighth man to win the BDO title on more than one occasion.
Aiton, 30, had scans to diagnose the injury on Monday. He joined the Dragons from Leeds at the end of 2015.
Man, 31, shot by police in Hull following reports of man carrying an axe. IPCC said officers fired more than one shot at the man. A Taser was also discharged by police.
The 25-year-old forward has been signed for the second half of the Womens Super League season. She is the third German to join this season following the signings of Corina Schroder and Marisa Ewers. Blues have climbed to third in WSL 1, seven points behind leaders Manchester City.
Sports Direct owner has been asked to give evidence about treatment of workers. It follows a BBC investigation into the Derbyshire company's warehouse working practises. Mr Ashley has until 21 March to respond after a letter from Hartlepool MP Iain Wright.
Wales have been portrayed as teetotal ahead of Saturday's World Cup semi-final against France. But head coach Warren Gatland insists there has been no alcohol ban in the squad. Gatland says he has taken little pleasure from England's controversial World Cup.
An early Zak Jules own goal got Dundee started but Louis Moult soon levelled. The Well defence then went missing, with a Marcus Haber double and goals from Mark O'Hara and Craig Wighton making it 5-1 at half time. In their three previous games, Well lost 3-0 to Hearts, 7-2 at
Tottenham were outclassed by Monaco at Stade Louis II, and only an inspired performance by goalkeeper Hugo Lloris prevented a bigger margin of defeat. Djibril Sidibe's header early in the second half sparked a stunning sequence of three goals in just five minutes. Harry Kane levelled from the penalty spot
Six people were aboard a raft on the Thunder River Rapids ride when it flipped after a collision with another raft. Police said it was "almost a miracle" that a boy and a girl who were on the raft survived. Friends and colleagues of those who died have been speaking out. Kate Goodchild,
Police raided John Nicholson's Dundee home in February following a tip-off. Officers found 2.5kg of heroin with a street value of £263,000. Nicholson will be sentenced on 11 May after admitting supply of drugs.
Swansea parted company with Garry Monk on Wednesday. Monk left the club following a run of just one win in 11 Premier League games. Bielsa resigned from French club Marseille in August and is unattached.
Prashad Sothalingam, nicknamed Bullet, was at a birthday party when violence erupted. He was jailed after being found guilty of murder and wounding with intent. Neel Croos, 26, died from a head injury following a fight in Holborn Way, Mitcham.
When Janet Yellen failed to raise rates in September, markets in Asia went beserk. But this time around don't expect a meltdown on regional stock markets. Asian investors are, frankly, fed up with waiting for the Fed. Capital outflows from emerging markets are on track to exceed amount that
Alistair Spagnoletti, Curtis Walker and Callum Ward jailed for controlling a child. Police said it was one of the most "damaging" cases of child sexual exploitation they had seen.
Hazard fractured his right ankle on international duty with Belgium on Sunday. The 26-year-old has been linked with a move to Real Madrid. Hazard will miss pre-season games against Arsenal, Bayern Munich and Inter Milan.
Man in his 70s found dead at house in Little Gaddesden, near Berkhamsted. A man in his 80s was also taken to hospital, a police spokeswoman said. Detectives want to question 55-year-old Ian John McLoughlin, also known as Ian John Baker.
Zachary Barker, nine, died in hospital after the collision in Leek, Staffordshire. His mother Stephanie said she wanted others to "benefit from his short life" She said transplants meant "even in death" he could carry on helping others.
Todd Blackadder admits Richard Cockerill could be out for a while. The former London Irish man was injured in Friday's loss at Newcastle.
Hearing in Ebbw Vale is examining the request to take over over 250 hectares (600 acres) of common land. Backers, including Blaenau Gwent council, have offered around 320 hectares (800 acres)
Morecambe beat Cheltenham Town 2-1 in their League Two opener. Garry Thompson scored a 90th-minute winner for the Shrimps. Mohamed Eisa had given the Robins the lead in controversial circumstances.
There are around 200 suicides a year of people cared for by crisis teams. A third had been discharged from hospital in the previous fortnight. Report suggests crisis teams in the UK are under too much pressure.
Two Diarmuid Murtagh goals helped Connacht lead 2-3 to 0-3. Aidan Breen replied with an Ulster goal before Damien Comer hit a third. Despite losing Chrissy McKaigue to a black card, Ulster hit 1-4 without reply.
Scottish Conservative Mary Scanlon raised the issue in Holyrood. She was backed by SNP MSP Mike MacKenzie who said he'shared the concerns'
Two hospitals in Wales have already cancelled some surgical procedures. Dr Goodall said a decision may have to be made between emergency care and surgery.
In the first decade of this century, the number of Ethiopians living in poverty dropped by a third. Child mortality has come down by two-thirds in the last five years. British taxpayers are giving over £300m ($466m) a year to help fight poverty in Ethiopia.
The alarm was raised at about midnight on Thursday. The men became stranded after their boat lost engine power. It has been described as a "major recue operation"
The eight-day race, a precursor to the Tour which begins on 2 July, starts with a 4km time trial on Sunday. "If I must pick two, I would say Froome and Quintana," said Contador. Team Sky rider Froome has won the Criterium in each of the two years he has
The red sand boa looks like it has two heads, because its tail is shaped like its head to help it defend itself. The snake is prized on the black market because many believe it brings good luck or has medicinal qualities. Police in Bangalore arrested four people trying to sell the protected creature for $1,500 (
Supporters and colleagues gathered outside the Alvorada Palace to bid her farewell. Dilma Rousseff was dismissed last week after the Senate found her guilty. She denies wrongdoing and has dismissed her impeachment as a "coup d'etat"
Boyle struck the only goal in the 18th minute after lobbing over Graham Doyle. Kenny Shiels' side suffered a blow in the second half as Boyle was forced off with an apparent hamstring injury.
Llanberis Mountain Rescue called out 43 times to 3,560ft (1,085m) peak in August. It said many of those tackling the peak were unprepared in terms of knowledge. Chairman of the team of volunteers, Rob Johnson, said "serious consideration" needed to be given to how the peak
Neymar's £198m transfer to Paris Saint-Germain raises questions over Financial Fair Play. Uefa introduced FFP rules in 2013 to stop clubs accumulating too much debt. The rules state that over a three-year period a club like PSG can spend 30m euros more than it earns. PSG
Colin Kazim-Richards, formerly of Fenerbahce and Galatasaray, arrived from Feyenoord just as his suspension for threatening a journalist came to an end. Patrick Roberts moved to Manchester City in the summer for about £12m and the 18-year-old winger has 18 months with the reigning
The Pirate Bay has confirmed the attack on its Facebook page, saying that it did not know who was behind it. A provider of DDoS defence systems said that it was unlikely that the attack came from hacking group Anonymous.
Open Bionics hand is fitted with sensors that detect muscle movements. A single flex of the wearer's muscles opens and closes the fingers. Sensors built into digits can tell when they come into contact with an object. Owner can pick up objects as fragile as an egg without crushing them.
Francois Fillon has come under pressure to step down as investigations continue. But having won a battle with his centre-right party, what now are Mr Fillon's chances in the fight for the Elysee Palace? He will have his work cut out if he is to claw back the lead he once held
Telford's Princess Royal Hospital A&E could be downgraded. Women and children's services would also be moved to Shrewsbury. The proposals have been made by the NHS 'Future Fit' board. No formal decisions will be made until at least Summer 2017.
Scotland face Denmark in a friendly at Celtic Park on Tuesday. Celtic midfielder Scott Brown could win his 50th cap. Six players could earn their first Scotland caps, including Oliver Burke.
EDF boss Jean-Bernard Levy joined officials from the UK, France and China. Earlier this month, the government gave the go-ahead for the plant. It will be the UK's first new nuclear plant in a generation.
Forcesline was set up at the Army's request after four recruits died. SSAFA said the rise in the number of calls "is reason for concern" The charity's chief executive said the 'grin and bear it' attitude was strong.
Kenneth Dymond, 37, also made contact with a 15-year-old girl over the internet. More than 500 images were recovered from Dymond's computers and phones. He was also placed on the sex offenders' register for 10 years.
A majority of Labour MPs deeply uncomfortable with Jeremy Corbyn's leadership. But his is a leadership his party members want, overwhelmingly so. The tactics of any coup attempt revolve around different views.
Ding Junhui leads Alan McManus 6-2 in the other semi-final. Both men are hoping to become the first Asian player to win the sport's showpiece event.
Scotland have won all five of their qualifiers so far. Friday's match against Iceland will all but secure their place at next summer's finals. "It would be more heartbreak than humiliation," insists forward Evans.
Ann Maguire, 61, was killed at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds. Will Cornick, 16, was jailed for a minimum of 20 years after admitting her murder. Mrs Maguire's family said due to Cornick's guilty plea the evidence was never fully reviewed.
Arsene Wenger has yet to sign a new contract at Arsenal. Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City could be Wenger's last. Pep Guardiola says Wembley is an important part of his life.
Ministry of tourism could also insist climbers have previous mountaineering experience. In 2014, the mountain was closed after 16 Sherpas died in an accident. Earlier this year, the climbing season was called off after an avalanche killed 18 climbers.
Michael Luciw, 27, was a passenger in a van that was hit by a Mazda Premacy. Albert Kenneth Newman, who was driving the wrong way on the motorway, also died. Mr Luciw's family said retired people should undergo regular driving tests. Age UK said it was "vital"
Brock Turner, 21, was freed from Santa Clara County Main Jail in California. He assaulted a woman outside a Stanford University fraternity house. Inmates in California typically serve 50% of their sentences before release. Turner apparently intends to return to Ohio to live with his parents.
Storms smashed a hole in the sea wall above the seafront in Dawlish, Devon. The railway line took two months to repair at an estimated cost of £1bn. Network Rail is consulting with Devon and Cornwall residents about the plans.
Italian artist Maurizio Cattelan has created the fully functional 18-carat gold lavatory. Visitors who pay museum admission will be able to use it as they wish. Guggenheim said the piece is "ultimately reminding us of the inescapable physical realities of our shared humanity"
Jon Schueler, who died in 1992, created many of his pieces from a studio in Mallaig in the Highlands. He was inspired by views of the Sound of Sleat and also of Skye, which lies across the stretch of sea. An arts symposium and exhibition at the college runs from Friday to Sunday
BT has said it has invested heavily in providing services in areas where it was not commercially viable to do so. The BBC Scotland news website asked for your experiences of the service in the Borders and Dumfries and Galloway.
Wales was around 40th out of 68 in the last Pisa international school test results. Education minister Ken Lewis has set a new target score of 500. Conservatives said that amounted to "stagnation" not "aspiration"
The unnamed suspects do not work for TalkTalk directly but are instead employed by a local call centre provider. Nearly 157,000 of TalkTalk customers' details, including bank account numbers, were stolen in the breach.
The first officer was found shot in Urbandale at 01:06 local time. The second was found 20 minutes later several blocks away. Both were sitting in their patrol cars when they were attacked.
60 primary and 200 secondary student teacher places will be made available. The Scottish government said it was the fifth consecutive annual increase. A campaign was launched in September to encourage more people to become teachers.
Northern Irishman's win in Tour Championship was his second victory in three weeks. Lawrie is one of five vice-captains alongside Thomas Bjorn, Sam Torrance, Padraig Harrington and Ian Poulter. Scot hopes his two Ryder Cups as a player will be beneficial to the team.
Public services union Unison said Yvette Cooper was its second choice. Some bookmakers now make Mr Corbyn the favourite to replace Ed Miliband. Unison represents 1.3 million workers, including 28,000 Labour Party members.
Brandt Snedeker and Kevin Kisner lead the way after two rounds. Luke Donald, Zach Johnson, Zac Blair and Chez Reavie tied for second. Fiji's Vijay Singh four off the lead after a one-under round of 69.
Paul O'Connell set to play 100th Test for Ireland against Wales. Paul Heaslip returns after fracturing three vertebrae in his back. Johnny Sexton has recovered from a hamstring injury. Jared Payne and Sean O'Brien are fit after concussion.
Mike Owen and two senior officers have been suspended following an external review of the case. Council leader Rishi Shori said the suspensions would allow the three to "focus on responding to the case"
Netflix has switched on its service in 130 additional countries. It is still trying to expand to China, where it is banned from operating by US law. The announcement was made at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
The 51-year-old had been negotiating a release from his contract. Hughes won the Scottish Cup last year, the club's first major honour. Inverness reached the League Cup final in March 2014.
Why aren't the Greeks manning the barricades in protest against already-announced, painful VAT increases and pension cuts? But it may be the calm before the revelation of just how much Alexis Tsipras has conceded to obtain 86bn of new credit from the eurozone and the IMF.
Jean McConville, 37, was abducted, shot and secretly buried in 1972. Her body was found on a beach in County Louth in 2003. Six other people, including Gerry Adams, will also not face charges. Mr Adams said the decision was "long overdue"
The review of 5,000 studies on golf and wellbeing found physical benefits increased with the player's age. The Gold and Health Project is led by the World Golf Foundation. It plans to look at gaps in the research such as golf's links to mental health and muscle strengthening.
The 36-year-old front-rower had played 14 games for the Dragons. Mason played 290 NRL games, represented New South Wales in State of Origin and appeared in 24 Tests for the Kangaroos.
Burberry rose 2.81% on speculation that the company could be takeover target for a US private equity firm. The FTSE 100 index of leading blue chip stocks was ahead by 77.95 points, or 1.12%, at 7015.36. Mining shares were hit by a number of broker downgrades following recent falls in commodity
Details of members' employers, location, marriage status and whether they were a convert to Islam were revealed. One message read: "I wanna marry you - if u agree I send my photos and details" The website's operation has been temporarily suspended.
Tareck el-Aissami was described by the US treasury as a drug "kingpin" He worked with traffickers in Mexico and Colombia to ship drugs to America. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro demanded a public apology from the US.
The man was taken to hospital but his injuries are not believed to be life threatening. Police have said the attacker is in his early 30s, of slim build and around 5'11" tall.
Ted Allbeury wrote The Twentieth Day of January during heightened cold war tensions in 1980. The 37-year-old novel has attracted a fresh wave of attention as its plot reflects current concerns about US politics today.
Land and Housing Minister Anna Tibaijuka denies any wrongdoing. She is a high-profile casualty in a corruption scandal that has rocked Tanzania. Attorney-General Frederick Werema resigned after MPs accused him of authorising the fraudulent transfer of about $120m to an energy firm.
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control. The election has redressed the balance, not just between the two main parties, but also between the Tory leader and her party.
The fine relates to the sale of securities based on home loans. It led to the near-collapse of the banking system in 2007. If confirmed, it would be the biggest settlement ever paid by an US company. Last month, JP Morgan was fined almost $1bn in the "London Whale" scandal
Former double world champion missed the 2014 Commonwealth Games due to recurring trouble in her left knee. She also underwent surgery on a long-standing shoulder problem. James won silver and bronze for Wales at the Commonwealth Games in 2010.
SKT's five members shared a prize of $2m (£1.64m) between them. The win is the third time in four years that SKT has taken the title. It was held in front of almost 20,000 League of Legends fans at the Staples Center.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Stefan Scougall hit the bar as the Blades dominated before Jacob Mellis was sent off for a foul on Matt Done. The win kept United in second place in League One,
PTSD is an anxiety disorder caused by witnessing or being involved in a frightening or distressing event. There is no blood test for PTSD, it instead relies on the judgement of a doctor speaking to their patient about their symptoms.
Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics.
The man is charged with "participating in activities of a terrorist group" He was one of 16 people arrested in raids on Sunday. Belgium's highest security threat level remains in place for a third day. Authorities plan to reopen schools and the metro on Wednesday.
Britain's David Guy takes third in men's 200m freestyle final. Guy misses out on 400m final after finishing behind Dutchman Sebastiaan Verschuren. David Tutton claims bronze in 100m women's race breaststroke. Ruta Meilutyte triumphs in one minute 6.17 seconds
Crofter Housing Grant Scheme is available to crofters in Scotland. NFU Scotland and Scottish Crofting Federation have called for more help. Fiona McLeod said the government was prepared to look at offering loans.
Koukash has owned the Super League team since 2013. Salford scored 13 tries as they comfortably beat Featherstone on Sunday. Only 1,759 were in attendance at the AJ Bell Stadium.
Inflation dropped to 2.6% in June from 2.9% the month before. Economists had expected no change. The fall in the pound initially lifted the FTSE 100 share index.
How Earth acquired its "volatile elements" - such as carbon and sulphur - remains a subject of some debate. Team argues that a collision between Earth and an embryonic planet like Mercury could provide the answer.
Japan's Nikkei 225 closes 0.3% higher at 17,014.78. Shares in the embattled electronics firm Sharp rose 9.4% on new reports. In Australia, the ASX 200 index finished the day up 0.2% at 5,090.02.
FBI has agreed to help in the homicide case. Hunter Drexler, 18, and Justin Staton, 15, are accused of killing a couple. Judge agreed to postpone the case to allow prosecutors to ask for help.
Ayr's old badge broke ancient heraldic law. Fans had to vote on a new design. Jamie Stevenson's entry won 48% of the votes.
Iceland lorry ends up in the grounds of St John's Church, Morriston. Driver taken to hospital "as a precaution", police said.
Talha Asmal, 17, was one of four suicide bombers who attacked security forces. Isis social media reports said Asmal had taken part in the attack. His family said they were "devastated" at the news.
Michael Forney, Jonathan Boxill, James Desmarais, Matt Nickerson, David Rutherford, Mark Garside and Brandon Benedict all staying. Belfast finished fourth in the league standings last season.
Asad Khan, from Bradford, died three weeks after starting school. His mother found him after forcing her way into his locked bedroom. Family maintain he had been bullied.
The 34-year-old faces three charges for a speech he gave last year. He was charged with encouraging acts of terrorism and inviting support for the IRA.
The Welsh Wound Innovation Centre aims to improve treatments and lower hospital admissions and stays. Based in Llantrisant, it will include working with patients at the nearby Royal Glamorgan Hospital. Wound care is thought to account for around 5% of the NHS's overall budget and is rising.
Two days after another chemical weapons attack, President Donald Trump ordered a guided missile strike on a Syrian government airfield. The move marks a dramatic turnaround from Mr Trump's prior rhetoric and the expectations of how he would conduct his foreign policy.
Last week, Paul Kenny was granted bail and banned from attending games after admitting racially abusing Sinclair. Gers goalkeeper Foderingham, an ambassador for equality group Kick It Out, said it was 'difficult when one idiot comes and starts to behave like that'
Dr Howard Kornfeld was unable to make it from California to Minnesota. He sent his son, Andrew, who works with his father but is not a doctor. The pair planned to fly him to California to seek treatment at a rehab centre. Andrew Kornfeld joined staff to search the property and called police
Riddle's Close was once home to philosopher David Hume. Fleshmarket Close is famously a setting for an Inspector Rebus novel. Lighting and artwork will be installed in the little-used closes.
Belgium is the second EU nation after France to enforce such a ban. Offenders face a fine of 137.5 euros and up to seven days in jail.
A white BMW 420 coupe struck the woman under a railway bridge in Dewsbury. The 21-year-old man remains in police custody for questioning.
Paul O'Connell has joined Irish province Munster on a part-time basis. The 36-year-old was forced to retire from the game in February. He was unable to recover from a hamstring injury sustained at last year's World Cup.
QC and barrister was MP for Medway from 1997 to 2010. Mr Marshall-Andrews used to sit with socialist group of Labour MPs. He pointed to last year's by-election in South West London as key moment.
Analysts say much of it was due to the end of eradication of coca crops. Report said the total coca-growing area rose from 96,000 hectares in 2015 to 146,000 in 2016. But local analysts argue that the rise was caused partly by a hiatus resulting from the government's peace deal with
Oliver Burke has signed for RB Leipzig for £13m from Nottingham Forest. The 19-year-old winger was called up to Gordon Strachan's Scotland squad in March. Burke has been likened to Real Madrid star Gareth Bale.
The 28-year-old has been first choice for the Chiefs this season. Dave Lewis started in place of Chudley in Sunday's win over Ulster.
Ivory Coast's Lamine Cisse won the men's -80kg taekwondo gold at Rio 2016. The 23-year-old snatched victory from Lutalo Muhammad in the last second of the final. He has been gifted a new house and a 65,400 CFA (£65,400)
Southern warned passengers to expect "difficult and frustrating" journeys. RMT confirms it will attend talks with Southern "over the guards jobs and safety dispute" Two further strikes have been announced for 10 May and 12 May.
Victims all worked at the plant 100km (62 miles) east of Porto. The factory's owner was among the dead, local mayor said. Some of the victims were found outside the factory, apparently propelled from the building by the force of the blast.
Uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production, sale and consumption of cannabis. The president says he opposes drug consumption but wants to take the multi-million-dollar cannabis business away from the drug cartels. Under the new law, buyers will have to officially register - something only
Princess wore Philip Treacy creation to the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton. The auction ended on Sunday with the proceeds going to Unicef and Children in Crisis.
Hydrocarbons were detected inside a leg of the Cormorant Alpha platform. Its operator, Taqa Bratani, has removed non-essential workers as a precaution. Shutting down the platform affects the whole Brent pipeline system.
Conrad Clitheroe and Gary Cooper, both from Stockport, were visiting a friend in Abu Dhabi. They were reportedly taking photographs near Fujairah Airport, 80 miles from Dubai, when they were arrested. Relatives were told they were held for "national security" reasons.
Johnsen made 37 appearances for Hearts last season. The American born striker scored seven goals. Den Haag finished 11th in the Eredivisie.
Amy Pope and Sam Paterson are the first recruits to the Holywell monastic community in Abergavenny. They will initially spend a year living in a house on the estate being supported by the church. By day they will arrange activities such as bingo for pensioners, and by night they will take to the streets
Manchester United have dropped points in 10 out of 16 away games this season. They have produced their best football against the other teams in the top five. United need a player who can make the difference when opposition are packing their defence. Angel Di Maria is still the United player who excites me the most
2015 Strategic Defence & Security Review will identify IS and Russia as tier 1 threats. But they may not be the same threat five years hence. The armed forces are still licking the wounds inflicted by the 2010 review.
Scotland beat Wales 2-1 in the final to win the Euro Hockey Championships. Wales women's team lost 3-0 to Italy to finish fourth in Cardiff. The nation's men secured promotion to Europe's top tier by beating France.
Nigel Williams, of Caerwent, was walking on the A48 when he was hit. He was taken to Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital, but died shortly after arrival. The father-of-three's family said he would be "sadly missed"
The 24-year-old has started three of Exeter's four games this season. He moved from Bath, where he failed to break into the side. Exeter made the play-off final last season and reached the Champions Cup quarter-finals.
Real Madrid will play Borussia Dortmund, Sporting Lisbon and Legia Warsaw. Former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola will face his old club for the third time. Leicester will play Porto, Club Brugge and FC Copenhagen in Group C. Arsenal will face Paris St-Germain, Basel and Ludogorets in Group H
India's PM says it will take weeks for banks and ATMs to replace old notes. Nearly $30bn in the old notes had so far been deposited, finance minister says. But chaos can still be seen outside banks as public patience wears out.
A selection of photos from across the African continent.
Order of Merit leader Henrik Stenson and second placed Danny Willett are tied for 17th on three under. Rory McIlroy bidding to win the European Tour's season finale in Dubai for a third time.
Ms Dugdale said Owen Smith could reunite the party and win general election. She said: "I believe Owen can unite our party, and move us on from the divisions" A hustings debate between the two leadership candidates will be held on Thursday.
Enforcement company Kingdom Services hands out on-the-spot fines. Panorama programme revealed people were wrongly fined for tipping coffee down a drain and putting their recycling out on the wrong day. Ashford Borough Council removed all its Kingdom officers from patrolling the streets after one was filmed revealing he raked in a bonus of almost £1,000
The Markit/CIPS purchasing managers' index showed activity in UK services recorded the biggest month-on-month rise in the survey's history. At one stage the pound hit $1.3372 against the dollar, but slipped back to trade at $1.3312, a rise of just 0.13%. The FTSE
Disorder spreads to Enfield, Walthamstow and Waltham Forest in north London and to Brixton in the south of the city. Home Secretary Teresa May has cut short her holiday to return to the UK following the disorder. Some 35 officers have been injured over the two nights of rioting.
Public Health Wales said the main reason for the increase was an ageing population. There were about 19,000 diagnoses in 2015, compared to about 17,300 in 2006. Breast, prostate, lung and bowel cancers remain the most common.
England face Russia in their opening Euro 2016 match on Saturday. Roy Hodgson's side will be hoping to get off to a winning start. The Three Lions will face a weaker side in the last 16 if they win their group.
Sir Christopher Pitchford says he will assess each anonymity request individually. He rules there will be no blanket restrictions on material being disclosed. Scotland Yard, backed by the government, has argued it should not be forced to admit to the existence of some operations.
Keighley's Emmerson Whittel may need surgery on his jaw. The club alleges player Josh Lynam was also bitten on the ear. RFL's match review panel will look at official video on Thursday.
Born in 1928, Temple soon became a major star after getting her first film role at the age of three. She was given a special juvenile Oscar in 1935, when she was just six years old. With the nickname "America's little darling", she was ranked as Hollywood's biggest draw for
Abdou joined Millwall from Plymouth in 2008. The 33-year-old made 22 appearances for the Lions last season.
Marco Goncalves, 34, assaulted the referee after being sent off in last month's game against Rio Tinto. Images of the attack went viral, with the referee suffering a broken nose. Gonclaves plays for Canelas, a club made up of FC Porto ultras.
Sir Andrew Marriner will conduct the Prom's First Night on Friday 18 July. He is one of four this year's Proms conductors celebrating significant birthdays. The Melbourne Symphony Orchestra will make its Proms debut on 19 August.
A man arrested in connection with the deaths has been released on bail. A 34-year-old woman was found dead at her home in Luton. The man's body was discovered in a wheelie bin on Monday night.
South Yorkshire Police's public protection unit showed "a disregard for victims" HMIC report criticised the force for under-recording crime. It highlighted the impact this had on vulnerable children who had been victims of sexual assault.
Dean Whitestone awarded Gillingham a penalty in first-half stoppage time. Whitestone then sent off Southend's Ryan Inniss for two bookable offences. Southend boss Phil Brown has accused Whitestone of a number of poor decisions.
Burnfoot Community School in Hawick is one of two in the region to benefit. Latest allocation of £2.8m is being distributed to 46 primaries across 12 local authorities. Ms Sturgeon: "I am determined that every child must have the same opportunities"
The pilgrims were returning from the Hindu shrine of Sabarimala. It is in a remote, mountainous, densely-forested area. Reports differ as to exactly how the deadly crush was triggered.
The 31-year-old has been without a club since leaving Tottenham Hotspur. He did not play at all for Spurs in the 2014-15 season. The Cameroon international has not played for his country since the 2014 World Cup.
New government will comprise a total of 31 cabinet ministers. Bashir seized power in an Islamist-backed coup in 1989.
In 2014, a report by the public protector said Mr Zuma had "benefited unduly" from the upgrades. The refurbishment of the residence in the village of Nkandla, in Mr Zuma's home province of KwaZulu-Natal, has turned into a major political controversy.
Christopher Huxtable, 34, from Swansea, had been missing since the collapse. Ken Cresswell, 57, and John Shaw, 61, both from Rotherham, remain missing. Michael Collings, 53, from Brotton, Teesside, was previously recovered.
Christopher Clarke, 29, contacted girls, aged 15 and 16 at the time. He also bought the Ysgol Bro Dinefwr pupils gifts including T-shirts and sweets. An Education Workforce Council hearing concluded his actions amounted to misconduct.
Lassie arrived back in Scotland on 23 March, six days after her mate. Viewers from around the world have been watching the pair's progress.
A tyre was put against the front door of the house and set alight. A man, a woman and two boys inside the property were not injured.
CQC previously rated the Penberthy home in Newquay as inadequate. New reports highlight problems at three other homes run by Cornwall Care. CQC said Headlands was "unsafe" and overall "was not caring"
As he approaches 100-day mark of presidency, it is clear he has shifted his stance. Before: derided climate change as a hoax concocted by China. After: Quitting the Paris deal, signed by nearly 200 countries, is unequivocally a promise kept.
Guy Hedger, 61, died in the early hours of 30 April after intruders 'broke into his home' Three men appeared in court in May accused of Mr Hedger's murder. Crimestoppers put up £10,000 reward for information leading to firearm's recovery.
Police called to Station Road, Wood Green, at about 03:20 BST. Paramedics treated man, named by police as 33-year-old Vincent Harvey. He was pronounced dead at the scene. No arrests have been made and the Met have appealed for witnesses.
A winding-up petition was dismissed by the High Court on Monday. The brief hearing in London revealed an undisclosed amount of money owed to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs had been paid. Championship side have struggled to pay players' wages since April.
Darren Turk, 53, is charged with 14 offences including rape and indecent assault between 1996 and 2002. He was a member of the care staff at Frewen College in Northiam. Turk has been bailed to appear before Hastings Magistrates' Court on 1 July.
seminars will be run by the Association of School and College Leaders. New legislation passed this year places a statutory duty on schools to counter radicalisation. Aim is to maintain an atmosphere of equality and diversity in schools.
UK is looking at ways of exerting further pressure on North Korea. Theresa May is also aiming to allay Japan's concerns over Brexit. She hailed British carmaker Aston Martin's decision to invest £500m in Japan.
Gillan's character Nebula first appeared in the Marvel comics in 1985. The actress is set to star in the Western, In a Valley of Violence. She has also been cast as the lead in new ABC series Selfie.
Jose Mourinho says Ed Woodward has had his transfer targets for two months. The Manchester United boss wants to strengthen his forward and defensive options. United have been linked with Antoine Griezmann and Michael Keane.
The crossing in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was concreted over in 1904. It re-opened to pedestrians after a £5m project, which also exposed a section of the River Roch in the town.
Heathrow records hottest day ever with 38.5C (101.3F) temperatures. A level 3 "heatwave action" heat-health alert has been declared for all parts of England. Forecasters warn of thunderstorms, torrential downpours and hail stones up to 1cm in size.
Murder-suicides involving pilots or in gun massacres are, in fact, much rarer. What drives people to these acts is virtually impossible to determine. Media has been quick to point the finger at Lubitz's history of depression.
Ulster stay fourth in the Pro12 table, but their failure to gain a bonus point means fifth-placed Scarlets have reduced their cushion to three points. Craig Gilroy and Jared Payne scored tries for the visitors. Rynard Landman and Ollie Griffiths replied for the hosts. Rodney Ah You was shown a
An international team has just drilled into the 200km-wide depression. It hopes the investigation can help explain why the event 66 million years ago was so catastrophic. One tantalising revelation is that the scientists observe a big nickel spike in the sediments.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage says Wales gets a "rotten deal" from the EU. He visited an e-cigarette firm in Swansea as part of his "Say No to the EU" tour. Around 40 people gathered outside the Liberty Stadium to protest against him.
Glamorgan's Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both scored centuries. Donald is the second youngest Glamorgan player to reach three figures. Lloyd is the third youngest player to achieve the feat.
The man, who has not yet been identified, was last seen alive at 20:45 BST. Two people saw him in the early hours of Wednesday before he was found dead. A post-mortem examination revealed he died from injuries to the spleen.
The Kanneh-Mason family are very special - they all play an instrument to a very high level. Ayshah has been to meet them.
Tove Anna Linna –stman Styrke is a Swedish singer-songwriter. At the age of 16, she entered the TV talent show Swedish Idol. Post-Idol, Tove released a rushed, self-titled album. Kiddo won the singer recognition from tastemakers
Chiltern Edge School in Sonning Common was rated inadequate by Ofsted. Oxfordshire County Council said it will begin consulting on Friday. The 500-pupil school received a good rating from watchdog in 2012.
MI6 and and GCHQ advertised on Mumsnet for the first time this year. MI5 has raised its target for women employees to 45% by 2021. The agencies were responding to calls from MPs to recruit more women.
Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs. Short ceremony took place at the mine, near Doncaster. John Grogan, chairman of the Hatfield Employee Benefit Trust, said it was 'the end of an era'
The League One club have signed Ebou Adams on loan until January. The 21-year-old had a brief spell with non-league Dartford last season. Jules, 20, did not play a first-team game for the Royals.
European Commission blocks proposed £10.3bn takeover of O2 by CK Hutchison. The deal would have left the UK with just three major mobile phone network operators. CK Hutchison said it was considering a legal challenge to the EU's decision.
Poetry is used by contemporary Sudanese poets to wrestle with a conflicted national identity. The Arabisation campaign under President Omar al-Bashir has shaped popular culture in the East African nation towards the Arab world. A video of a poetic performance in Arabic and English by Sara Elhassan went viral in 2014.
Oldham Athletic moved to within three points of safety with win over Peterborough United. Paul Green and Ryan McLaughlin scored their first goals for the Latics. The win follows back-to-back victories under recently returned boss John Sheridan.
Brazil's Attorney-General Rodrigo Janot has asked the Supreme Court to investigate Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Prosecutors allege that the Workers' Party partly financed its campaigns and expenses through these kickbacks. Lula governed from 2003 to 2011 and denies any wrongdoing.
The Sun goes through cycles of high and low activity that repeat approximately every 11 years. It is currently gaining in activity and is expected to peak in 2013 or 2014. This means we can expect more solar flares and more coronal mass ejections.
Parling, 31, has won 21 international caps, and played all three Tests for the British & Irish Lions in 2013. Bath coach Rob Baxter: "We've slowly looked to add quality and experience to the squad"
The leading index closed down 69.63 points at 6231.89. Miners more than doubled earlier losses to leave Antofagasta down more than 6%. Others, including Anglo American and BHP Billiton were down 4%.
CharityBuzz auctioned a one-hour lunch with Apple boss Tim Cook. The money will benefit the Robert F Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights. A similar lunch date with Ben Bernanke took in just over $70,000.
Borussia Monchengladbach winger made the announcement after a quarter-final loss to Ghana. "The time has come for me to reconsider my international career," he said. Guinea coach Luis Fernandez has named Traore in a 23-man squad.
Persistent showers fell through the first half. Puddles appeared on the pitch but play continued and the rain finally stopped. Evans Kangwa missed a great chance late on. Antonio Varela earlier headed over at the other end.
The prehistoric site is owned and run by the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority. It would involve practical tasks such as maintaining the herb garden.
The Samaritans said councils should have a mandatory responsibility to try to prevent suicides in their areas. Jobcentre and benefit office staff, as well as employees in banks, building societies and utility firms are among those suggested in the consultation. Train staff to spot - and counsel - vulnerable people;. Train workers to
The 31-year-old Scot was development driver this year. Her position will be expanded in 2015 to include two runs in Friday practice and two tests. Wolff impressed in an outing in free practice at the German Grand Prix.
Lucas has had two previous spells with the National League side. The 20-year-old made his Bristol Rovers debut in April 2014.
The White Garden was planted to mark 20 years since Diana's death. The Duchess of Cambridge joined the princes on the garden tour. It is the fourth memorial created in tribute to Diana.
Spain has seen a home-grown problem of Islamist radicalisation in recent years. Since June 2016, police have detained 164 suspected jihadists. The last terror attack in Spain on its soil was in Majorca in 2009.
£6m layout changes on Posthouse roundabout proved more difficult than anticipated. Work began last summer and was expected to finish by March. Wrexham MP Ian Lucas said the route was vital to the region's economy.
Taylor will meet five-time world champion Van Barneveld for the fourth time at the tournament. Taylor battled back from behind in each of the opening three sets to lead 3-0, only to see 13th seed Huybrechts narrow the gap to 3-2.
The UK Personal Genome Project could provide a massive free tool for scientists. Participants will have to pass tests to prove they fully understand risks. They will be given a list of doctors they can go to if they need medical advice.
Crofts last played for Wales against Serbia in September 2013. The 31-year-old has won 27 caps for his country. Crofts has played 18 times for Brighton this season.
Ben Stokes smashes 158 from 131 balls and James Taylor 114. England recover from 56-3 as Alastair Cook manages only two. Nick Compton scores 58 as England build for South Africa tour.
Five people were on board the Griffin helicopter from RAF Valley on Anglesey. All five escaped unhurt, but black smoke could be seen billowing from the peak for miles around.
Local authorities had voiced concerns about a 2% fall in their income. Scottish government said local authority spending would be cut by £350m. But John Swinney said he did not underestimate the "on-going challenges" He said councils had been given a "very credible settlement"
Thousands of sheep go under the hammer in one of Scotland's largest one-day sales. The animals were transported from all over the north of Scotland to Lairg.
The Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS) instrument is on a mission to the International Space Station. It will study the storm of high-energy particles hurled at Earth from the deepest reaches of the Universe. British company Scientific Magnetics of Culham, in Oxfordshire, spent 12 years developing the super-conducting
Khalid Shamim and Mohsin Ali were detained near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. They are to be handed to Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency. Dr Farooq was stabbed to death near his home in Edgware, north London, in 2010.
Family blocked from visiting Chorley Pals Memorial Site at Serre-les-Puisieux. Claimed they were obstructed by a farmer who owns land near the cemetery. Visitors must use an unmade public right of way that crosses land owned by Jean Louis Legrand.
In Central European media, the main focus is on the impact of the referendum on benefits for migrant workers in Britain. France's Le Monde says Boris Johnson's "defiance" of David Cameron gives a "potentially decisive impetus" to the campaign. In Hungary, the Nepszabads
Michael Allen's try helped Ulster into a 10-0 lead at the break. Stuart McCloskey went over before Ireland wing Craig Gilroy sprinted in for the bonus point. Andrew Warwick touched down before Gilroy completed the rout.
The final table based on all of Lawro's predictions is at the bottom of this page. In his league table, Chelsea and Liverpool finished joint champions. His opponent for the final round of fixtures is drummer Ben Thatcher from rock band Royal Blood. Thatcher is a Brighton fan who is looking forward to
Tecomak Environmental Services e-mailed Anna Jacobs for interview. The description suggested she was "worth an interview if only for a laugh" The company said the comments had been taken out of context.
The classic adaptation is presented on a set designed like a Victorian toy theatre. Broadbent plays his role with an undercurrent of his well-known affability. Critics seem largely to be won over by Broadbent's take on one of the meanest men in literature.
Up to 200m downloads of period tracking apps worldwide. But leading UK medical royal college has warned women shouldn't rely on them. Privacy campaigners say users should be wary of what data they might unwittingly be sharing.
Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide after shooting Reeva Steenkamp. He was cleared of murder, but the prosecution has argued for a minimum 10-year jail sentence. His sister Aimee said the last 20 months had been "very taxing" Her brother will carry with him for the rest of his life,
England international Chase, 29, had been suspended pending an internal disciplinary investigation. Captain Hansen, 29, is also released while Salford owner Marwan Koukash says Paterson, 28, is moving to Leigh.
Manchester United lost 2-1 at Sunderland in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal's side are now six points adrift of the top four. United face Danish side FC Midtjylland in the Europa League on Thursday.
Nower Wood is a wildlife and environmental education site. A fundraising drive aims to raise £470,000 to rebuild dilapidated classrooms.
The fifth coin portrait to be created during the Queen's reign. It was unveiled in a special ceremony in London. New coins tend to go to cash centres and banks first.
Andy Burnham said the coalition had created queues outside practices. Tory Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Labour's numbers were wrong. Lib Dems also said the Labour figures - obtained through a parliamentary question - were out of date.
Rickie Fowler needed to finish third to qualify for Ryder Cup. But Fowler finished joint seventh to miss out on automatic spot. Patrick Reed won the PGA Championship to go top of the standings.
Police fired tyre-deflation rounds at raiders' Mercedes after they tried to ram a police car to escape. Two further rounds were discharged at another car which was mistakenly thought to be involved. Pirc report said the police firearms response was "necessary and proportionate" due to the high risk posed to the
In 2014, 27 motorcyclists were killed and the number of serious injuries also rose from 507 to 514 in the year up to September 2015. TfL said more police have been deployed in accident hotspots and it is focusing on motorcycle and scooter safety.
McNair has featured regularly for the Red Devils first team this season. The 20-year-old played for the Old Trafford club at the youth tournament. United are back at the Milk Cup this year competing in the Premier Section.
Wrexham Maelor Hospital staff were under "considerable pressure" Ambulances were waiting outside for long periods, inspectors said. Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said it was working to manage pressures.
Nigerian defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Kasimpasa on a season-long loan. The 21-year-old spent last season on loan at Middlesbrough. Omeruo: "Kasimpasa approached Chelsea in a professional manner"
Esteban Ruiz Santiago is accused of murdering five people at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International airport on Friday. During a 15-minute court appearance on Monday he was told by the judge that he may face the death penalty. Santiago answered the judge's questions in a clear voice. He spoke very little during the hearing
John Denham, 49, has pleaded guilty to child pornography offences. He and Matthew Stansfield, 34, deny conspiracy to rape a child. Mr Denham said he did not think "any of that stuff" would happen.
The Ross Sea is home to penguins, minke whales and huge numbers of krill. Environmentalists have welcomed the move to protect what's said to be the Earth's most pristine marine ecosystem. They hope it will be the first of many such zones in international waters.
Leicester marks the Hindu festival of light with fireworks and dancing. The lights switch on earlier this month also attracted a record attendance. About 6,000 coloured lamps were strung up around the city.
British-born writer, sister of actress Joan Collins, died in Los Angeles. Collins's raunchy novels of the rich and famous sold more than 500 million copies in 40 countries. In a career spanning four decades, all 32 of her novels appeared in the New York Times bestseller list.
Chisako Kakehi, 70, is accused of murdering four of her husbands. She has pleaded not guilty and said she would 'leave everything' in court. But asked if she killed her husband, she said there was 'no mistake' Prosecutors say she poisoned the men for their money
Steve the sturgeon swam out of World of Water in Romsey, Hampshire. He was found in a deep puddle at a car wash a mile from the centre. A larger koi carp fish escaped at the same time but has not been found.
Simmons was suspended in September for questioning the continued omissions of Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard. He issued a public apology to the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB)
Convicted criminal Steven Johnson had been wanted since January 2014. Police believe he went to Spain, where he posted Facebook messages challenging officers to find him. He was arrested in Whiston, Merseyside, on Thursday and returned to jail.
Deadly 60 presenter says 'bullying' shouldn't be used lightly. The pair dismissed claims earlier this month. Ola has now said that she knows people will believe it.
The film will be shot in the Brecon Beacons, near the home of its scriptwriter. Mr Johnson is an active ambassador for the mental health charity Mind. He recently presented the documentary Iselder a Fi (Depression and Me)
Sturrock has nearly an entire team of injured players with 10 of his first-team squad doubtful for Saturday's League Two game against Wimbledon. To add to his woes forward Shaun Jeffers is also suspended.
Elon Musk tweeted that the explosion was the most complicated in SpaceX's history. The rocket's payload, a satellite on which Facebook had leased capacity, was destroyed in the explosion last week.
Woman, in her 50s, fell at Peveril Point, near Swanage, on Saturday. She was airlifted by the coastguard helicopter to King George's Field park.
Basil Khan and Omar Mohidin were 16 when they were hit and racially abused by officers in Edgware Road, north west London in 2007. The High Court ruled the two men were racially abused and awarded damages. Met's Deputy Assistant Commissioner Fiona Taylor said the officers' actions had let down the public
Mrs Mugabe, 52, is accused of assaulting model Gabriella Engels. She has not commented publicly on the case. A lawyer for Ms Engels told the BBC that they were planning to challenge the immunity decision in court.
Court in Novorossiysk gave two of the dancers 10 days in jail each. A third 15 days and two others received fines on charges of petty hooliganism. Earlier this month, Russian officials closed a dance school after a similar dance video emerged on the internet.
The fee is a record for a player under Town boss Mick McCarthy. Webster, 21, made 81 appearances for Pompey, having made his debut in 2012 against West Ham.
Premier League clubs generated record revenues of £3.3bn in 2014-15. Top flight clubs also recorded a second straight year of pre-tax profits. With more lucrative TV deals from 2016, Deloitte says clubs are "looking at at least three more years of big growth"
Ziggy Gordon said he has learned more in Poland than in his years in Scotland. Jags boss Alan Archibald said Gordon had "learned a little bit more abroad" Jose Mourinho, Costinha, Andre Villas-Boas, Brendan Rodgers, Pedro Caixinha and Alan Shearer are among those who have come to Scotland
Peake won silver at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. The 30-year-old aims to break the Welsh record at Cardiff International Stadium. British Athletics has set 4.50m as the qualification standard for Rio.
Even those who witnessed the attack hesitate to blame the Taliban by name. They are following the hesitancy of a political elite that remains unwilling to name them. The politicians are anyway deeply suspicious of an army that has mounted coups to overthrow elected governments.
Old Mutual reported a 4% rise in annual pre-tax adjusted operating profit. It said it expected the separation of its four main units to be completed by 2018. Old Mutual Emerging Markets, Old Mutual Wealth, Nedbank Group and OM Asset Management will be separate companies.
The 23-year-old mutually cancelled his deal at the Shrimps earlier this month. Morecambe boss Jim Bentley had spoken about selling a player to raise funds for the Lancashire side who paid their players late at the start of November.
The announcement follows last week's warning that a vast area of China would be badly hit by pollution. The latest wave of alerts includes the industrial port Tianjin. Red alerts trigger advisories for people to stay inside, schools to stop classes.
Police forces tasked with implementing strict state interpretations of Islamic morality exist in several other states. They include Saudi Arabia, Sudan and Malaysia. Growing religious conservatism has led to pressure for similar forces to be created in countries that do not have them.
David Fifita's second-minute try put Wakefield 14-0 up early on. Ben Jones-Bishop score and three Liam Finn kicks put Wakefield ahead. Scott Grix and Jake Connor replied for Huddersfield. Jermaine McGillvary's two tries were consolations for the hosts.
Police were called to the unusual double parking incident at 11:40 on Tuesday. It is not clear how exactly the silver-coloured Mazda ended up on top of the white Volkswagen Golf.
Christopher Nolan wins best director for The Imitation Game. Andy Serkis wins best actor for his performance in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. Ralph Fiennes is presented with a "legend" award by Liam Neeson.
Oil and gas companies are continuing to pursue new methods to get more fossil fuels out of the ground. A key factor was the high price of oil in recent years - between roughly 2011 and 2014 the average price of a barrel was $100 or more. There are various reasons why new extraction methods are cropping up,
General manager Simon Lea came up with the idea after watching an autistic child and his mother struggle on the shop floor. The National Autistic Society welcomed the move as shops and other public spaces could be "extremely challenging"
Ten years ago, David Barrett found homes for 300 dogs and cats left behind by British expats. Now, the organisation is facing its own abyss - struggling to house 500 dogs and over 150 cats. Mr Barrett believes that the Syria war is chiefly to blame for a drop in individual funding from the US.
The computer program learned how to play 49 classic Atari games. In more than half, it was as good or better than a professional human player. Researchers from Google DeepMind said it was the first time a system had learned to master a wide range of complex tasks.
Dr Tony Xia has passed the Premier League and Football League's fit and proper person test. He succeeds American Randy Lerner, who bought Villa for £62.6m in 2006. Xia spent six years at Harvard and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Gen Christophe Gomart made his comments at a commission hearing into last year's attacks in Paris. Brazil's institutional security cabinet said it had received no information about the threat from the French authorities. In July, Brazilian Justice Minister Alexandre Moraes said a jihadist attack in Rio during the Olympics was a '
Swanson has scored 14 goals in 48 appearances since February 2016. The 30-year-old midfielder moved to McDiarmid Park for a second spell. Swanson: "The pull of Hibernian was too much for me"
July was a record month, with more than 100,000 reaching the EU's borders. It is proving difficult to get agreement on joint action to deal with the crisis. The EU core principle of free movement - embodied in the Schengen zone - is in dispute. Arguments over barriers Hungary, which is in
Mazda said the compression ignition engine was up to 30% more fuel-efficient. It plans to sell cars with the new engine from 2019. Last week, Mazda said it would work with Toyota to develop electric vehicle technology.
Daniel Boylett, 36, was arrested after trouble broke out at the match. He was found guilty of attempted damage and violent disorder. Crystal Palace adopted Kayla as a mascot in 2010.
He was facing charges of genocide during one of the most brutal periods in Guatemala's civil war. Doctors said he was not able to understand any charges against him. The medical report will affect two separate trials where he is charged with ordering the murder of hundreds of farmers and over 1,000 Mayan Indians.
Royal Stoke University Hospital has been designated as a "gym" for the game. A hospital spokesman said it was "unconcerned" as long as people played the game safely. It warned it would get the gym removed if fans misused the A&E unit.
Newcastle Falcons have signed Toby Flood from Toulouse. The 31-year-old spent nine years with Leicester before returning. Flood has been capped 60 times by England.
Nadia is part of a groundswell of female voices in the male-dominated world of UK hip-hop and grime. She spoke to the BBC about her upbringing in Croydon, the rappers she looks up to, and why she read the dictionary as a child.
Bury's Niall Maher was sent off for giving away a penalty. Shaun Williams converted the spot kick to make it 2-1. Callum Butcher then headed in an 86th-minute equaliser. Substitute Aiden O'Brien claimed a stoppage-time winner.
Images of the capsule landing in Inner Mongolia at 10:05 local time (02:05 GMT) were shown live on television. The astronauts, including China's first woman in space, carried out a successful manual docking with the Tiangong-1 laboratory module.
Glen Johnson said he was stepping down from Cadwgan Building Preservation Trust. He said some had taken exception to the way the castle project was being run. The trust, made up of 250 people, secured revamp funds.
Four police officers were wounded as they tried to arrest a man in the Bavarian town of Georgensgmuend. The suspect, described as a member of the extremist Reichsbuerger movement, opened fire on the officers before he was eventually detained. Officials said a permit had been revoked for the 31
England head coach says he wants England to be "brutal" but legal. Jones says he has told his players to run at injured players since Adam Jones was a boy. Fly-half Jonathan Sexton has suffered several concussions in recent years.
Edinburgh-based group said profit increased by 22.6% to £31.5m. Revenues were down 6.8% to £242.3m, but operating costs were cut by 6.7%. Johnston Press confirmed shareholders had backed deal to buy ibrand.
Perry Beeches III is one of a chain of six free schools. Ofsted report said too many students were underachieving. It also described teaching as "inadequate" Headteacher, senior leadership team and chair of governors have resigned.
Iraq War Families Campaign Group aimed to raise £50,000 via crowdfunding. Led by Reg Keys and Roger Bacon, who lost sons in Iraq. The group has now received enough backing to fund the whole campaign.
Ma, 27, becomes only the fifth man to have won singles titles at the World Championships, World Cup and Olympics. Japan's world number six Jun Mizutani beat Belarusian Vladimir Samsonov 4-1 in the bronze medal match.
Turia Pitt received burns to 65% of her body during 2011 ultra-marathon. After 200 operations, she completed the 226km Hawaii event on Sunday. She has been hailed on social media as an "amazing role model"
Dutch group Koninklijk is selling its home entertainment division. It is betting on new opportunities in Asia, where there's a growing aging population.
The Mid-Infrared Instrument (Miri) will gather key data as the $9bn observatory seeks to identify the first starlight in the Universe. The results of testing conducted at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in the UK have just been signed off. James Webb - regarded as the successor to Hubble - is due to
Morocco controls two-thirds of Western Sahara and sees it as part of its historic territory. Some, including the UN, see Western Sahara as Africa's last colony. Thousands of Sahrawi refugees still live in refugee camps in Algeria.
The couple married 15 months ago and have no children. They have recently been embroiled in a legal case in Australia. Heard pleaded guilty in April to a charge of falsifying documents.
Nigeria have been on a downward spiral in the past two years. The Super Eagles failed to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. Segun Odegbami says Nigeria's failure is "inexcusable" Taribo West believes Nigerian football lacks an impartial football body.
In previous years crime figures have seen a significant rise during the annual celebration. Good weather on Saturday meant a larger number of spectators than usual turned out to the event.
Sturgeon said she hoped the "national survey" would involve two million people. It had been due to run until St Andrew's Day - 30 November. The first minister added that "this was never an opinion poll"
Orla Galton, from Bridgend county, was diagnosed with leukaemia at three. She endured them for years, but her mother, Sharon, said they were a lifeline. The Welsh Blood Service wants 200,000 more donors to replenish stocks.
Mackichan says stories about "brutalised women" have become 'entertainment fodder' She says dramas like The Fall are built on "rape and the ritualistic murder of women" The Smack the Pony star made the claims on BBC Radio 4's Seriously... podcast.
The last accounts for Lagmar Barking showed it owed its lenders £70m. The loan secured on the centre was bought by the US investment fund Cerberus as part of its purchase of the Northern Ireland loan book in 2014.
Law would have made it illegal to share information electronically that could "destroy, alter or subvert state institutions" It also wanted to criminalise "whistle-blowing" and make it illegal for anyone to search for information about the state. Many believe pressure from civil society and local journalists played a role in the decision to
Hungary was part of the Ottoman and then Habsburg empires from the 16th century onwards. It emerged as an independent country again after World War I. The language belongs to the Finno-Ugric family and is not of Indo-European origin. A landlocked country, it is home to Lake Bala
Victim was queuing for food at the branch in St George's Street, Canterbury. Three men entered the restaurant and began being noisy and bumping into people. It is believed one of the group then set light to the woman's hair.
The bill provides for life imprisonment for homosexual acts. It also makes it a crime not to report gay people. The promotion of homosexuality would also be punishable by a prison term.
Gods of Egypt director Alex Proyas and studio Lionsgate have apologised for the offence caused. Bette Midler tweeted: "Egypt, #GodsOfEgypt in which everyone is white? Egyptians, in history and today, have NEVER been white." Selma director Ava DuVernay applauded the studio's honesty
Wales take on Belgium in Euro 2016 quarter-final clash on Saturday. Dean Saunders and John Hartson explain how Wales can win. Media playback is not supported on this device.
Malorie Bantala, 21, was 32-weeks pregnant when she was assaulted. A boy, 17, was charged on Tuesday with child destruction and GBH. Kevin Wilson, 20, was charged in June with causing GBH with intent. He denies the charge and will face a trial in November.
Kevin Kline will play Maurice, the father of the 'Beauty' character Belle. Downton Abbey's Dan Stevens will play the Beast. Josh Gad, who voiced the snowman in Disney's animated hit Frozen, is also on board.
Barry Gray's side have taken maximum points from their last four matches. Glenavon host Glentoran and Portadown travel to Ballinamallard United. Carrick Rangers play Amateur League side Crumlin Star in a rearranged Irish Cup sixth round tie.
Phil Smith said businesses would not survive without broadband. He said a fast internet connection was vital to a country like Wales. Ministers and BT are currently delivering the Superfast Cymru scheme.
Claire Martin, 30, suffered multiple stab wounds to her neck and died. Italian authorities concluded she killed herself after suffering post-natal depression. Her parents believe she was murdered because "things don't add up"
UK industrial output fell 0.7% compared with January, when it dropped 0.3%. Construction output fell by 1.7% in February, down from a revised January reading of zero growth. UK's deficit in goods and services widened to £3.7bn in February.
Politicians need to be more visible when it isn't election time, say young people. "I feel the politicians today are just so bitter-minded about wanting to get one up on each other," says Thomas McKeown. William Glass wants to see drug reform and better health care.
Grimes joined Swansea for £1.75m from Exeter in January 2015. The 20-year-old has made seven appearances for the Swans. Grimes made his only Premier League start to date in September.
Michael Tovey is accused of using two drones to smuggle in banned items. He faces 13 counts of conveying banned items into a prison. The 27-year-old is set to appear at Birmingham Magistrates' Court on 7 June.
Coastal areas and north-western parts of Wales expected to see worst of the weather. Met Office said while all of Wales will be affected, areas including Aberporth, Aberystwyth and Anglesey will likely see the strongest winds. Gusts exceeding 55mph are likely inland, with 60 to 70mph gusts in some
Ghosh's Sea of Poppies was shortlisted for the Booker prize in 2008. He is being hosted as a writer-in-residence at Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Bridge over River Wharfe at Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, collapsed in December 2015. Report, for North Yorkshire County Council, said improved defences should be a "priority" Environment Agency said it was preparing a funding bid for improved defences.
Moore scored 10 goals in 21 league appearances this season. The 24-year-old has penned an 18-month deal at Portman Road.
Worcestershire reach 403 all out in their first innings against Glamorgan. The hosts end the day 55 runs behind after scoring 141-3 at the close. Tom Kohler-Cadmore (102) and Ed Barnard (59) top score for Worcestershire.
Two goals from Gylfi Sigurdsson keep Iceland top of Group A. Southampton's Graziano Pelle scored the only goal as Italy defeated Malta 1-0. Elsewhere, Croatia's 6-0 demolition of Azerbaijan in Group H.
Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright were IRA members who were abducted in 1972. Their bodies were found unexpectedly during a search for another Disappeared. Mr McKee's sisters said they were glad that 43 years after his death they can bury him with their mother.
The district council-owned building has been upgraded for the first time in more than three decades. It includes a new 33m pool, a shallow training pool, sauna and steam room. The sports hall has been revamped and a £250,000 climbing wall has been built.
The old Victoria Ground in Stoke-on-Trent shut in 1997. Plans for the 16-acre site include 130 homes being built initially. A plan to build offices there was shelved in 2004. Further plans for housing were announced in 2013 but never happened.
Macy's said like-for-like sales fell 4.6% in the first quarter compared with the same period last year. The decline sent shares in the company, which also owns Bloomingdales, down 17% on Thursday. Analysts said the decline in department store sales point to broader weakness in consumer spending.
TV signals use different parts of the radio spectrum to radar, but both bounce off solid objects. Using special receivers, researchers said they were able to track up to 30 planes simultaneously flying at altitudes of up to 10,000ft (3km) But they say more work has to be done on resilience and service standards.
Eighteen forces are the subject of complaints about the handling of abuse. These include what the IPCC has called potential "high-level corruption" Of the investigations, 56 cases relate to alleged failures by South Yorkshire Police in responding to child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
Charlton have cancelled Franck Moussa and Ricardo Vaz Te's deals. The Addicks have also signed Rod Fanni from Qatari side Al-Arabi.
4% of infertile men carry mutations in the NR5A1 gene. UK expert says there is still "embarrassingly little" known about male infertility.
The Executive Office said the move was made "to enable doctors to conduct a medical assessment" Mr McGuinness was due to join the first minister on the trade mission.
colony roosting in St Hilda's Church at Ellerburn, close to the North York Moors. Creatures are protected by law and cannot be wilfully disturbed. Church has spent £10,000 trying to get the bats to move and had paid for specially-built lofts nearby.
Five people are under investigation over the death of Clement Meric, 18. He was badly beaten in a clash between far-right and anti-fascist activists. Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has asked the interior minister to take steps "immediately"
Anthony Joshua stopped Wladimir Klitschko in the 11th round on Saturday. WBC cruiserweight champion Tony Bellew says he is not interested in fighting Joshua. Promoter Eddie Hearn says he could fight WBO champion Joseph Parker next.
Maesteg Harlequins prop Ryan Watkins banned for four years. He tested positive for the anabolic steroid nandrolone and the stimulant methylhexaneamine. Team-mate Shaun Cleary banned for two years for cocaine use.
Angelique Kerber beat world number 247 Irina Falconi 6-4 6-4. The German reached last year's Wimbledon final where she lost to Serena Williams. Kerber will lose her number one ranking if she fails to reach the final. Caroline Wozniacki beat Hungarian Tmea Babos 6-4 4-6 6-1
Number of UK households renting property rose from 2.3 million in 2001 to 5.4 million in 2014. Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors calls on government to offer tax breaks to encourage building and investment in the sector.
West Ham United beat Cheltenham Town 2-0 in the second round of the FA Cup. Diafra Sakho and Andre Ayew scored either side of half-time. Sam Byram made seven changes to the West Ham side.
Morton beat Raith Rovers 1-0 in the Scottish Championship on Tuesday. The Greenock side are third in the Championship, nine points clear of Hibernian. They face Rangers in the fifth round of the Scottish Cup on Sunday.
Man, 32, charged with rape, sexual touching and sexual assault. Second man, 28, charged with one count of rape. Pair, both from Sunderland, will appear before magistrates.
The Snowdonia Society is concerned about its possible effects on wildlife, culture and heritage. But developer Quarry Battery Company (QBC) said it was the "missing piece of the jigsaw for renewables"
Macclesfield Town play Dover Athletic in the FA Cup Second Round. Match ends, Macclesfield Town 0, Dover Athletic 0. Kristian Dennis (Macclesfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Richard Orlu (Dover Athletic) shown the red card.
Mark Hughes and Ian Rush score in comfortable win over giants of world football. Wales failed to qualify for the 1986 World Cup. Catch BBC Wales Sport's "Wales: The Road to the Euros" on iPlayer.
Two winning ideas will be tested by the crew of the International Space Station. Results will be streamed live on YouTube.
Land Rover Discovery set on fire in Musselburgh on Monday. Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
Rob Poultney of Criccieth, Gwynedd who has Crohn's disease, said it was vital for people to be able to access adequate toilet facilities. The British Toilet Association called for more clarity on the plans. But the Welsh Local Government Association said the plans placed an "unnecessary
Strikes planned for Christmas were suspended after new offer was made. The strike affects "mixed fleet" staff who joined after 2010. BA said it planned to "ensure that all our customers travel to their destinations"
Last week's bombing killed 29 people, at least 20 of them military personnel. Prosecutors and security officials said DNA tests had identified the bomber as Abdulbaki Somer, born in the eastern Turkish city of Van. The government has insisted there is a link between the attack and Syrian Kurdish fighters
RWE Innogy UK had applied for a permit to divert water from River Conwy. Campaigners feared the scheme would reduce the waterfall to a "trickle" Natural Resources Wales refused permission saying it could harm the local environment.
Alexander Wotherspoon, 83, appeared at Paisley Sheriff Court. He was charged with causing the death of Eilish Herron by driving without due care and attention. The 17-year-old was struck by his car at an Asda petrol station in September.
Senior UKIP figures have also targeted new Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. Aker said Labour had "ceased to exist" as a party of working people. He said UKIP would stand up for working people by giving them more power.
Fans raised £60,000 for the tribute which was made in a Czech foundry. Hundreds attended an unveiling ceremony earlier, many in fancy dress.
The Fire Brigades Union accused ministers of offering an "unworkable" guarantee. Firefighters aged over 55 who fail fitness tests "through no fault of their own" would get full pensions, the government said. MPs approved plans to make firefighters in England work until they are 60.
Tanks seen on the streets and explosions heard throughout the day. Gen Khalifa Haftar began an assault against Islamist fighters in Benghazi last month. The government in Tripoli says Gen Haftar has no authority to act. But several army units have joined him and some rival militias have defected.
Seven people deny conspiracy to defraud at Cardiff Crown Court. Six insurance claims worth £144,000 were made between 2009 and 2011. Matthew Davies, 33, said he suffered injuries in a "genuine" crash. A guitar worth £1,850 was also damaged, he said.
Ivo Karlovic has one of the best serve in tennis, says Andy Murray. Wimbledon's dress code is very strict but I like that it's all white. The rules of tennis should be changed to make it easier to finish matches.
The tiny pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist Matthew Haley during an episode filmed at Caversham Park in Berkshire. The programme will air on Sunday at 20:00 BST on BBC One.
OneWeb and Airbus have inaugurated the first assembly line in Toulouse, France. Two further lines will be set up in a soon-to-open factory complex in Florida. The first 10 satellites to come off the assembly line have a deadline to launch in April next year.
Dyfed-Powys Police took to social media to ask for help in tracing Rebecca. The mother and child were found in the early hours of Wednesday. Police said it was thanks to the public response on Facebook.
Paralympian was transferred to house arrest last month after serving a year in jail. Pistorius shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp through a locked toilet door in 2013. He was found guilty of the culpable homicide of his 29-year-old girlfriend. The final ruling will not be known for
Locals argued the reactors could not withstand a strong earthquake. Japan closed all its nuclear reactors after the Fukushima disaster in 2011. The plants had already obtained approval from the country's nuclear watchdog.
Aberdeen Comedy Festival is in its inaugural year. It features local, national and international comedians. Tom Stade is among the headliners for the opening night.
There are now 155 suspects in the UK-wide football child abuse scandal. Police say there are now 429 potential victims linked to football. Woodward said he gave police further information five weeks ago. But he has "still not provided statements despite my continual requests"
Sharing revenge-porn images and videos became a crime in England and Wales in February. But the law currently gives victims no right to hide identities. The move was jointly started by Keeley Richards-Shaw, whose ex-boyfriend was the first sentenced under the new law.
Leela Samson quit after an appeals board approved the film Messenger of God. It was directed by and starring guru Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh. Ms Samson had found the film unsuitable for the public. She also accused the state-run CBFC of "corruption and coercion"
Svetlana Kuznetsova lost her hair mid-match on Monday. The Russian complained it was affecting her game against Agnieszka Radwanska. BBC Sport looks at some of the worst sporting hairstyles.
Presenter succeeded Jonathan Ross as host of the revamped weekly show. Winkleman said the show "simply deserves someone who can give it their all" New series will return this autumn with the new presenter to be announced.
Office of Rail and Road wants train companies to refund passengers who overpay. Train operators say ticket machines were designed for simple requirements. Rail Delivery Group said 16 million fares on offer were "baffling"
University and College Union members are striking over 1.1% pay rise. Staff are refusing to set extra work, cover for absent colleagues or work overtime. If no agreement is reached, members have agreed to further strike action.
The key to the John Lewis ManOnTheMoon ad is that people no longer watch real-time television. Companies are having to make contact with a customer whose habits are dictated not by TV but by the internet. By 2020, 53% of retail sales across Europe will be influenced by the online world.
Aggreko said it planned to fully integrate Dryco into its North America business. The company specialises in moisture control, drying, heating, and cooling applications.
Both men entered politics from the world of business. Berlusconi a media magnate and Mr Trump a property tycoon. Legal battles have dogged Mr Trump but he has no criminal convictions.
The men, aged between 16 and 23, were from the Sheffield, Derbyshire and Birmingham areas. They were cautioned after admitting publishing the name of the woman. Anyone who reports being a victim of a sex offence is guaranteed lifelong anonymity. Mr Evans, 28, was originally found guilty of rape at Caernar
Dover captain Jamie Grimes put the visitors ahead in the eighth minute. Macclesfield keeper Scott Flinders made his first appearance after signing from York. Flinders atoned for his early error by brilliantly keeping out Moses Emmanuel's late volley. Chris Holroyd got on the end of Danny Whitaker's shot to level in
Rolling Stones guitarist says there are 'things in the works' for 50th anniversary tour. But Keith Richards would not be drawn on when the group would play again. A photography exhibition marking the band's long career will be launched on Thursday.
The unseeded Serb won 4-6 6-3 6-4 against the seventh seed. Konta had been hoping to improve on previous semi-final appearances at Wimbledon and the Australian Open.
Preston North End and Barnsley play out a goalless draw at Oakwell. Jordan Hugill's first-half effort is saved by Chris Maxwell. Tom Bradshaw has effort blocked on line for Barnsley. Barnsley drop to ninth, but only four points behind Sheffield Wednesday in sixth.
Chelsey Lee, 26, played for Bucheon KEB Hana Bank in the Women's Korean Basketball League. Teams in the league are allowed only two foreign players. Prosecutors were asked to investigate after the Korean Olympic Committee pushed for Lee's naturalisation. WKBL says Lee will be suspended for
A consultation on the scheme, worth up to £1,200 a child, has begun. Families with two working parents could be able to claim. Ministers say carers who look after disabled relatives will be included. Chancellor George Osborne said stay-at-home mothers would not be eligible.
Council officials will meet on Tuesday to start the process of identifying where the Maes will be. Cabinet report said 140 acres were needed, along with good mobile phone signal and, if possible, fibre broadband.
Rowley has guided Leigh to the Championship title in each of the past two years. The 40-year-old took over in 2012 and guided the club to the title in 2011. Leigh won just one game in The Qualifiers in 2015 as they missed out on a place in Super League.
Finland's social insurance agency Kela is trying out the monthly tax-free payment of 560. It is to see whether providing a basic income will make the unemployed more eager to go into short-term jobs. Finland has some 213,000 unemployed, a higher rate than its Nordic neighbours.
Eruption happened at 4am local time on Sunday on the Italian island of Sicily. Hot lava and ash spewed from the top into a valley nearby.
Pyrgos takes over as skipper as head coach Vern Cotter rotates his squad. The 26-year-old led Scotland in a World Cup warm-up defeat by Ireland last month.
BBC's Ian Pannell said the jihadists were putting up a hard fight. Joan Soley and Peter Emmerson are also embedded with the Iraqi troops.
informal meeting took place before Asean summit gala dinner. Philippine spokesman said he was'very happy' it happened. White House official said pair exchanged 'pleasantries' in pre-meal 'hold space'
Taylor Swift spotted 21-year-old lookalike Morgan Jensen on Tumblr. "I'm tall like her and all it takes is sunglasses and red lipstick," she says. Morgan is a graphic design student and also models part-time.
The Dow climbed 0.28% to 21,891.12, lifted by increases at Boeing, ExxonMobil and Chevron. Declines at Discovery Communications, Amazon and Facebook reined in the Nasdaq. Markets in the middle of earnings season, as companies reveal their quarterly performance to investors.
The technology is being designed to automatically edit a whole game down to the key moments. Every part of the match is looked over by the computer to spot tell-tale signs of when something interesting is happening. In a test on five matches, the technology detected 70 per cent of the total goals.
The foot was found in a garden in Cranwells Park on Wednesday. Detectives are "keeping an open mind" as to whether it is linked to two similar incidents. All three feet have been found within a few hundred yards of each other.
English Heritage strongly objected to the scale of the development. Councillors voted seven to three in favour saying it would help tourism. The council received 246 letters supporting the plans.
Riot police had been deployed around the Supreme Court in Islamabad. Judge Iqbal Hameed ur Rehman recused himself from the case on Thursday. He cited a possible conflict of interest in the case of Asia Bibi. Asia Bibi was sentenced to death in 2010 for insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
The current 56 day waiting time target for treatment is to be halved to 28 days. Health Minister Mark Drakeford said there has already been "significant progress" Under the old arrangements, patients had to be seen for an initial assessment within four weeks. Then there was another wait of up to eight weeks for treatment
The 28-year-old was arrested following an investigation by the Queensland Crime and Corruption Commission (CCC) Two other men and a woman were also charged with supplying cocaine for "personal use or to on-supply cocaine to friends and colleagues" Hunt has played elite-level rugby league, Australian rules football (AFL)
Lewis was convicted of smuggling liquid cocaine into Britain in 2009. He was released from prison in June 2015 after serving less than half of a 13-year sentence. The 48-year-old will begin his tour at his old county Leicestershire on Monday.
Alex Schalk's header opened the scoring after eight minutes. Brian Graham's last-minute lob clinched victory. Kilmarnock slip to eighth home Premiership defeat.
Johnny Sexton's first-half penalty gave Leinster the lead. Sean O'Brien's introduction and Josh van der Flier's try put them in control. Ian Madigan added a penalty as Connacht suffered a third straight Pro12 defeat.
Mamelodi Sundowns beat KCCA 2-1 in the first leg of their last 32 tie. South African champions raced into a 2-0 lead after just six minutes. But KCCA fought back to earn a vital away goal in the 69th minute.
machinery used to be "the heart" of Poldark Mine to be restored by students. Tin mine is one of the oldest industrial structures in the UK, its owner said. The BBC television series has prompted the need for the machinery to be rejuvenated.
Mr Trump said Mr Cruz 'illegally' won the Iowa caucus. He also cited leaflets that accused Iowans of 'voting violations' Mr Cruz's camp is not taking the accusations too seriously.
Carlin added 800m freestyle silver to her 400m freestyle medal. The 24-year-old celebrated her "incredible feeling" after years of upheaval. Carlin won the fifth Welsh silver of the 2016 Games in the pool.
Gareth Southgate has been named the new England manager. The 46-year-old has signed a contract reportedly worth up to £2m a year. Southgate stepped up from his role as England Under-21s boss in September. He oversaw two wins and two draws as interim boss.
Politicians do not owe impressionists a living, of course, but their art has become an established feature of British politics. It all began with Peter Cook in Beyond the Fringe. His befuddled take on Harold Macmillan was seen as a thrilling challenge.
Note was found by its owner in a copy of Lewis's book, A Problem of Pain. Auctioneer said "keen interest worldwide" had boosted the price from £1,500. The letter had been bought by a private buyer from California.
Interior of plane that flies to and from Orkney was stripped out and renewed. exterior repainted at a cost of almost £270,000. Loganair will spend £3.5m having the same work done to the rest of its fleet.
Family left hospital two hours before girl could receive treatment. Police said the girl could fall into a coma if not treated immediately. Detectives believe the family could be from Kuwait.
VW was due to release results on 10 March and hold its shareholders' meeting. Results will be about the same as in 2014, although the cost of the crisis will eat into those. deliveries fell 5.3% in October, 2.4% in November and 7.9% in December compared with those months in 2014.
Gorkha Janamukti Morcha is demanding a separate state for Nepali-speaking Gorkhas. paramilitary troops and police have been deployed to maintain peace. Tourism and tea production will be worst hit by the strike, locals say.
Tettey scored the only goal as Norwich beat Southampton 1-0. It was Norwich's third win in their last four Premier League matches. Norwich are now six points clear of the relegation zone.
Alex Danson scored a match-winning hat-trick as GB beat New Zealand. Head coach Danny Kerry was pleased with how his team responded. GB finished bottom of the Pool stage with no wins and only three goals scored.
The 37-year-old Moroccan had served as secretary general for the last six years. Hayatou was deposed as Caf president 10 days ago at elections in Ethiopia.
Gordon Culliford, 77, from Ammanford, Carmarthenshire, last seen on Thursday. He is white, 5ft 7in tall, with white swept back hair and was last seen wearing black glasses. South Wales Police said there is "considerable concern" for the man.
Smith, 26, already leads the one-day side and will also captain the Twenty20 team. Fellow batsman David Warner, 28, has been named as Smith's vice-captain. Smith and Warner will lead Australia in the limited-overs matches that follow the final Ashes Test.
Steven Lawless made 40 appearances for Inverness Caledonian Thistle last season. The 25-year-old midfielder scored five goals for the club.
Jason Duff was found 'lying in the road, under the influence, with his trousers down, falling in and out of consciousness' Duff told police he had drunk alcohol and slept in his car following an argument with his girlfriend. The 44-year-old was also banned from driving for four years.
25-year-old joined the Blues from Reading in August 2015. He was loaned back to the Royals in 2015-16 before spending last season with Eintracht Frankfurt. Hector has also had spells with five non-league sides.
Mr Blunkett said using the same funding formula applied to Wales would be entitled to a £24bn budget. He made the suggestion during prime minister's questions in the House of Commons.
Jake Lawlor put visitors Guiseley ahead on 15 minutes. Wesley York equalised for the hosts with a second-half strike. Neil Aspin's promotion-chasing hosts have not lost in nine league games.
Robinson, 21, had two loan spells at the Lilywhites. He turned down a new deal with Villa and joins for an undisclosed fee. Pringle made nine league starts during a short loan spell at Ipswich in 2016.
Council said right of Orange Order to march was not "absolute" It warned future parades could face greater restrictions or prohibition. Eight arrests were made for minor disorder and alcohol-related offences.
It is the first time a country has considered the DNA-altering technique in embryos and approved it. The research aims to provide a deeper understanding of the earliest moments of human life. It will be illegal for the scientists to implant the modified embryos into a woman.
India were cruising to their target of 349 - and the highest successful run-chase in Australia. But they collapsed from 277-1 to 323 all out as Kane Richardson took 5-68. Aaron Finch made 107 and David Warner 93 in Australia's 348-8.
Man held up shop in Rosemount with a knife on Friday night. He was restrained by members of the public until police arrived. Another man was arrested nearby a short time later.
Department of Health's accounts for the last financial year are close to completion. It's touch and go as to whether the department kept to its spending limit. An overspend would be a serious breach of Whitehall protocol. Ministers and the NHS in England are determined to demonstrate they have got a grip on
Fr D'Arcy was responding to a BBC This World programme which found that the cardinal failed to pass details of sex abuse to police or parents. It said in 1975, Cardinal Brady had the names and address of children being abused by Fr Brendan Smyth. Cardinal Brady claimed the BBC exaggerated his authority at that time
Two cars and a lorry were involved in the collision on the A52 near Nottingham. Father-of-three Gurdip Singh Kareer, 41, was a "loving, caring family man" Kyle O'Connor, 22, of Wollaton Vale, Nottingham, "loved everything" Two men, aged 22 and
Police spokeswoman said Army bomb disposal officers "carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle" She said the vehicle has now been seized for examination.
The number of people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance in July fell more sharply, down by 29,000 to 1.4 million. The unemployment rate remains at 7.8%, still well above the 7% rate target set by the Bank of England.
Unilever reported a 7% rise in pre-tax profit to 7.6bn for the full year. CEO Paul Polman said it had been a "challenging year for our industry" Firm has been hit hard by slowing growth in China, Brazil and Russia.
Ministry of Peshmerga Affairs says fighters were exposed to mustard gas. It did not say if any of the fighters had died as a result of the attack. Mustard gas can burn skin and cause severe respiratory problems.
Police started tracking the suspected stolen Audi in Liverpool at about 20:20 GMT. When officers attempted to stop the car, the driver sped off, leading to a police pursuit up the M62. Five officers were filmed rescuing him from the slowly sinking vehicle. The man was found to be uninjured when taken
Care homes added to My NHS, part of the NHS Choices site. Users can leave ratings and reviews to help other people assess services. Each care home is scored on its level of safety, staff turnover and food hygiene.
Deep Knowledge Ventures focuses on drugs for age-related diseases. It said Vital would make its recommendations by sifting through large amounts of data. The algorithm looks at a range of data when making decisions.
Jackie Fox from Birmingham, Alabama died of ovarian cancer last year, aged 62, having used the talc for decades. Her family argued that the firm knew of talc risks and failed to warn users. J&J denied the claim and is said to be considering an appeal.
Pierre Rolland won the 219km fifth stage from Tirano to Canazei. It was Rolland's first triumph since a stage win on the 2015 Vuelta a Castilla y Leon. Race leader Tom Dumoulin retained a 31-second overall lead.
Wycombe Wanderers 1 Morecambe 1. Kevin Ellison opened the scoring for the hosts. Adebayo Akinfenwa equalised for the visitors.
The 86-year-old had withdrawn her pension from a bank in Altrincham. While shopping she was approached by a woman who demanded her money. Not willing to give up without a fight, the octogenarian hit the woman over the head with the bacon.
The hurlers of Ruair g Cushendall have been backed to "bring home" an All-Ireland title by Hollywood hero Liam Neeson. The club, based in Neeson's native County Antrim, will take on Na Piarsaigh of County Limerick in the senior club final in Dublin on
Imani Wiltshire was discovered on the lower deck of the bus in Stratford. She was taken to hospital where she was pronounced dead. A post-mortem examination found she died from head injuries. Rosalin Baker, 25, and Jeffrey Wiltshire, 52, pleaded not guilty to murder.
Maersk said it still did not know the reason why the Marshall Islands-flagged vessel was seized. Iranian authorities noted that it had been in the country's waters. The crew includes a British national, but no Americans, as initial reports suggested.
The winger was taken to hospital following the game in Beijing. He also suffered concussion but posted a message saying "everything is OK" before travelling back to London.
Madihah Taheer, Ummariyat Mirza and Zainub Mirza appeared at Old Bailey. Mrs Taheer charged with assisting another to commit acts of terrorism. Mr Mirza charged with preparing for a terrorist attack in the UK.
Stephen Doughty won the seat with 9,193 votes, a majority of 5,334 over Conservatives. Lib Dems were third, with Plaid Cymru fourth. The turnout was 25.65% - down from more than 60% at the 2010 election.
No Windfarm at Gayton and East Lindsey District Council both oppose the planning application. The protest march on Sunday raised money for legal costs as well as highlighting the campaign. Developers say wind turbines contribute to renewable energy targets and help combat climate change.
Around 155 countries are expected to formally sign the deal at the UN. This setting in motion events that could see the treaty operational within a year. But some environmentalists have dismissed the event as a "distraction"
Edward Furneaux, 74, died after crashing his car into a tree in Worle. The body of his 70-year-old wife, Anne, was found at a property the same day.
Actress revealed in May last year she had a 87% chance of the disease. About 5% of breast cancers are thought to be hereditary. Researchers looked at referrals to genetic centres and clinics in the UK.
South Eastern Trust covers Newtownards, County Down and Lisburn. It has been unable to fill two consultant cardiologist posts. There is also the added problem of staff sickness and increase in referrals.
Police said the firework was dropped through the doorway of a fish and chip shop. The man was taken to hospital where he is described as being in a stable condition.
309,000 Brits registered as having residency in Spain. There are likely to be many thousands more living here for just part of the year.
Volunteers have been clearing them away as they are said to pose a risk to wildlife. The National Trust said it believed a container had gone overboard from a ship. It is thought the vessel lost the container near Land's End in May.
Heatherson has been with Yeovil since 2015. She scored seven goals in her first season for the Lady Glovers.
Richard Barklie, from Carrickfergus, was one of the people identified on CCTV footage by the Metropolitan Police. He said he was not a racist and denied taking part in any racist singing.
Cheshire East mayor Hilda Gaddum said Michael Jones's position was 'untenable' Council granted Core Fit Ltd contracts totalling £156,000 three times. The fitness company is owned by Mr Jones' personal physiotherapist, Amanda Morris. Mr Jones said he was 'clear' that he had not misled council.
Premier had suspended its shares on 13 January after agreeing to buy E.On's North Sea assets for a net $120m. The deal was amended during the suspension so that it no longer constituted a reverse takeover. By close of trading, Premier's share price was up by nearly 90% to 36p
Aaron McEneff and Rory Patterson scored for Derry. The Candystripes are now five points ahead of fourth-placed Shamrock Rovers.
Tatiana Duva-Rodriguez, 46, is licensed to carry a concealed weapon. But police said she should not have opened fire because her life was not in danger. Shopflifter ran from a Home Depot hardware store on 6 October. She fired several shots with a 9mm handgun as they
Jack Marriott scores a hat-trick as Peterborough United defeat Bristol Rovers. Steven Taylor and Jack Baldwin also on target for Posh. Rory Gaffney scored a consolation for Rovers late on.
Silcox Coaches is a private coach hire and tour operator. It has bases in Pembroke Dock and Tenby and has a contract with Pembrokeshire council. Letters have been sent home to staff explaining the situation.
24-year-old spent five years with Real Sociedad. Etxabeguren was included in their Champions League squad in 2013-14.
Residents awoke from a night of colourful fireworks to find the city covered in a thick grey blanket of smog. Authorities warned that pollution levels were critically high.
Fernandez tried three times, unsuccessfully, to defect from Cuba as a teenager. He finally escaped to Mexico on his fourth attempt, saving his mother from drowning. Baseball helped him to acclimate to his new American life.
Tribal fighters clash with Islamic State militants in Fallujah, Iraq. Government sources say tribal fighters set fire to a building used by IS. The clashes follow tensions over difficult living conditions in the city. Fallujah has been held by anti-government forces since the beginning of 2014.
Air Canada AC759 from Toronto was involved in a near-miss on 7 July. The incident occurred after the pilot "inadvertently" headed for the area where jets were due to depart. As the plane approached the taxiway, it is estimated that it flew just 30m above two aircraft waiting to
Arshid, 40, and Basharat, 39, were found guilty by a jury of 50 offences. Bannaras, 36, pleaded guilty to 10 offences before the trial started. One woman had described the Hussain brothers as "a pack of animals"
Report looks at the risks and opportunities for the UK fishing industry. UK fishing only produces a half of one percent of GDP and employs just 12,000 fishers. Lords say industry might be a low priority for government but it "must not be marginalised"
PM called the German leader days before the EU referendum. He wanted her and other EU leaders to issue a statement granting concessions. But No 10 decided it could be portrayed by Vote Leave as a sign of weakness.
Scotland Yard says PC Keith Palmer was wearing a protective vest at the time of the attack. Armed officers working at Parliament carry a primary weapon, a sidearm and a Taser. The use of safety barriers varies from location to location.
Krystian Bielik has signed for Legia Warsaw from Lech Poznan. The 17-year-old can play in both a holding midfield role and at centre-back. Bielik: "I'm going to London to fulfil my dreams"
Seven people have been saved so far. Thousands of people have fled the area. Red Cross officials say 174 people have died as a result of the heavy rains.
The 19-year-old was held in Barking on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. Six other suspects remain in custody and searches are ongoing. Eight people were killed when three men drove at pedestrians on the bridge and stabbed people in Borough Market.
He and his son Gorka were arrested earlier this month as part of a corruption investigation. Villar, who denied all the allegations, has been suspended for one year by the Spanish football federation.
The Wild Animals in Travelling Circuses (Scotland) Bill would be the first of its kind in the UK. It would ban the use of non-domesticated animals for performance or exhibition. MSPs heard from animal welfare and circus industry groups.
Ryan Matthews, 62, was already serving a life sentence for double murder. He killed Sharon Wall at Wotton Lawn Hospital in Gloucester, where he lived. Ms Wall was stabbed twice in the back and could not be saved. Matthews pleaded guilty to the 53-year-old's murder in
Man named as Abdalfatah HA is suspected of being part of a unit with an al-Qaeda-linked group formerly known as al-Nusra Front. Federal prosecutors' office said the man, arrested in Duesseldorf, had carried out death sentences. Second man named as Abdulrahman AA is accused of breaking
Huddersfield had the better of the first-half chances, and Michael Hefele could have given them the lead when he headed wide from Aaron Mooy's corner. Sheffield Wednesday took the lead shortly after the break, Wallace smashing into the top corner from 30 yards out. Town's Jack Payne was
Baysilone, normally associated with the oil or rubber industries, was found in a breakdown of the implant, made by PIP. PIP's lawyer, Yves Haddad, has insisted the fuel additive allegations are completely unfounded.
Nia Griffith said Labour offers "investment in Wales, versus cuts from Westminster" She urged people to "imagine the price" if there was a Tory government in Wales as well. She reinforced the message of First Minister Carwyn Jones, who told delegates on Saturday that the assembly election in May would be a straight fight
Salvador Sobral's success has made him a national hero. Wearing a plain black suit he delivered an emotionally charged song. Portugal had never got above the sixth place that it reached in 1996.
Four councillors spotted nodding off during debate on children's services. Two said they had been listening, one blamed medication. But the fourth admitted the meetings "drag a bit"
Molinari stormed into contention with two eagles in the last seven holes. Dunne was able to match Molinari thanks to a birdie on the last. The players then returned to the 18th hole for a sudden death play-off.
The RSPB said 2,270 black-tailed godwits spent time on the island this spring. It almost double the previous record of 1,320 in 2013. The majority of the birds this year were found in a tiny field in Kilmoluaig.
Rex Tillerson said the US should deny Beijing access to new islands in the South China Sea. Two state-run papers carry editorials strongly criticising his comments. Beijing has been building artificial islands on reefs in waters claimed by other nations.
Sightings of the animal sparked a search involving hundreds of emergency services workers, animal-trackers and a helicopter. Experts now say the animal is most likely a much less dangerous animal, such as a lynx or large domestic cat. It remains unclear where the animal came from, though there is a big
Police say the individuals were using software designed to remotely control computers. The other arrests were made in Estonia, France, Romania, Latvia, Italy, and Norway.
Domenico Scala says he would only lead the taskforce if he is guaranteed full independence. The Swiss businessman is already the independent chair of Fifa's audit and compliance committee.
My Brother is a Superhero is focused on Luke - named after Solomons' own son. Winning Solomons £5,000, the book sees Luke miss out on the powers because he went to the toilet at the wrong time. Solomons previously adapted E Nesbit's Five Children and It for the
The board of East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust will make a decision on Friday. One paediatric nurse said staff were devastated for their patients. The trust said the changes were being brought in for safety reasons.
Disease killed more than 2,500 people in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Sierra Leone was declared free of Ebola in November. New cases have emerged in Liberia, which was declared Ebola-free in September.
MP Paul Flynn will lead a debate in Westminster Hall on 18 January. David Cameron condemned Mr Trump, who has major business interests in UK. But the Prime Minister said he should be allowed in to the country.
The Procession to Calvary will remain on show at Nostell Priory, West Yorkshire. A campaign by The Art Fund and National Trust raised £1.7m. The painting depicts Christ carrying the cross on his way to crucifixion.
Bolton chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 73. He was chairman for 16 years, during which time the club enjoyed an 11-year stint in the Premier League and two Uefa Cup campaigns. "This is a very sad day for everyone," said vice-chairman Brett Warburton.
The crash happened outside Castle Bytham, south of Grantham, on Wednesday. The 73-year-old pilot is being treated for back and leg injuries. A tanker driver, 52, was treated for minor injuries and the occupant of the property was unhurt.
Millwall beat Leeds 1-0 in the FA Cup final at Wembley. Stuart McCall's side were goaded by their own fans after the game. McCall questioned why stewards had not prevented the invasion.
Peers were due to resume line-by-line scrutiny on 9 February. Scottish government wants a deal concluded by 12 February to allow time for it to be examined at Holyrood. The Scottish government has said there is still "some distance to go" First Minister Nicola Sturgeon warned Scotland stood to lose billions of
Hamas has protested at the court's ruling, describing it as "political" Fatah said it held Hamas fully responsible for the delay. The election would have been the first involving Hamas and Fatah since 2006.
Former national security adviser arrested at his Abuja home. He is accused of awarding contracts to buy fighter jets and helicopters. The equipment was meant to fight against Boko Haram Islamist militants.
Georgia have won the past six European Nations Cup (ENC) titles. They finished third in their 2015 World Cup pool and completed an unbeaten Pacific Islands tour this summer. Haig believes the status quo is hampering Georgia's development.
Kim Clark, from Kinross, died after being hit the car outside an address in Milnathort. Police said Mrs Clark's family were understandably upset at their loss.
Rahama Sadau's appearance in a music video offended some people. She said sorry to those she upset, but said her actions were "innocuous" The industry, commonly known as Kannywood, has been under fire from Muslim clerics.
Prices rose by 8.6% in England in the year to the end of January. In comparison, property prices went up by 0.1% in Scotland and 0.8% in Northern Ireland.
Shimon Peres was one of the last of a generation of Israeli politicians present at new nation's birth in 1948. He served twice as the country's prime minister and once as president. Mr Peres won the Nobel Peace prize in 1994 for his role negotiating peace accords with the Palestinians a year
Rob Donn's poetry continues to be celebrated and studied today. Some of his work has turned into music and performed at Glasgow's Celtic Connections Festival. Strathnaver Museum has been awarded £5,400 from the Heritage Lottery Fund's Stories, Stones and Bones programme.
Residents of Timbuktu can again enjoy the simple things they were used to. Music was banned under the strict Islamic law that militant Islamists imposed. There is an incredible feeling that the people are slowly coming back to life.
PC James Burns was cleared of assault causing actual bodily harm. He was also cleared of giving a false statement about what happened. The case against another officer, PC Robin Humphreys, was thrown out.
The young girl was injured by the drug patrol dog in Belmarsh Prison, Woolwich, on 31 March. The Ministry of Justice (MoJ) said the incident had been reported to police.
Coastal fog forms on Chile's shore and then moves inland in the form of cloud banks. The fog is made up of minuscule drops of water which are so light they do not fall as rain. Scientist Carlos Espinosa Arancibia came up with the idea of the fog catcher.
BBC Scotland asked how many cases, concerns and complaints of child exploitation, and child sexual exploitation were recorded in the past four years. Police Scotland said the figures were not held on a single system. Scotland's Children's Commissioner said the revelation was "disturbing"
Jersey-based collector David Gainsborough-Roberts, 73, died on Saturday. Last year he sold his entire Marilyn Monroe collection, making £1.5m. His collection focused on popular history of the 19th and 20th Century.
Prevent is a multi-agency programme which aims to stop people being drawn into terrorist-related activity. Dal Babu, a chief superintendent until 2013, said many Muslims did not trust the "Prevent" strategy. He said because police counter-terrorism units were mainly white, with few Muslim officers, they did not fully
GB were beaten 24-18 by Israel, 37-14 by Hungary and 46-14 by Netherlands. The men's and women's teams had their £2.92m funding removed after London 2012.
It was the third day of hefty falls, sparked by news that the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data for more than 600,000 vehicles sold in Japan. Government officials raided a company office and authorities want a full report from the company in weeks. Sony trimmed nearly 10% off its previous profit estimate for the full year
Philip Hammond's visit to Tripoli is intended to provide visible international backing for the fledgling Government of National Accord. The chaos in Libya has spawned two competing governments and a plethora of armed militias. Despite the risks, the new government needs lots of help to put down roots in unpromising terrain.
George Clooney wants to install CCTV cameras at his home in Sonning Eye. The actor and his wife Amal want to put up eight cameras on poles in the grounds. They also wish to attach a further 10 cameras to the property. Parish council has concerns over privacy and the visual impact on the village
Follow our reporter Steffan Messenger on Facebook. He'll be posting all our #iNeverKnew coverage and focusing on the issues you feel passionately about.
George Hamilton was speaking to MPs on the Northern Ireland affairs committee. It is investigating how a UK exit from the EU could affect Northern Ireland. Voters will go to the polls in June to decide whether the UK should remain a member of the EU.
Stephen Keshi has been named as the new coach of the Nigeria national team. The 53-year-old won the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations in his first spell. But he was sacked after failing to qualify for the 2015 Nations Cup.
England lost last seven wickets for 14 runs as they were bowled out for 171. Eoin Morgan made 38 and Joe Root 34, while Chris Morris claimed 3-26. Defeat was England's fifth in succession in limited-overs cricket.
Bissouma penned a professional deal with the northern club only in July 2016. The 20-year-old, whose previous deal ran until June 2019, says he is very happy at Stade Pierre-Mauroy.
Diwali is a celebration of light over darkness. It is also a major Hindu festival also marked by Sikhs and Jains. Leicester event thought to be one of the largest outside India.
Bloemfontein joins Beijing and Lisbon in being suspended. Decision leaves 31 Wada-accredited labs in the world, but none in Africa.
RNLI said it asked Andy Hibbs to stand down "due to serious breaches" Claims of bullying are taken "very seriously" and are being investigated. Mr Hibbs said he thought the organisation was breaking Jersey's laws.
Virat Kohli is at the peak of his powers, surely the outstanding cricketer in the world today. Kohli has scored 8,008 runs in one-day internationals, at an average of 54.47. He has found his best form in this tournament, scoring an unbeaten 81 in India's opening win over
Rev Simon Marsh was the subject of an investigation lasting 15 months. Allegations were made between 2011 and 2013 when the woman was aged 16-19. Mr Marsh had been on bail and was suspended from his parish duties.
Both 48-hour and 24-hour strikes have already been held on seven Shell-operated platforms. Further action was planned but was put on hold for fresh talks.
Westley and Bopara make half-centuries but Essex struggle.
Andrew Patrick, 40, admitted assault and robbery at the High Court in Glasgow. The court heard he was facing financial difficulties at the time of the robbery. Patrick was working as a gym instructor, earning up to £300 a week.
Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis said her report's credibility "lies in tatters" Ms Chakrabarti said it was an "opportunity to help hold the government to account" She was the Labour leader's only nomination as part of David Cameron's resignation list.
Dr Craig Wright has published his evidence on his blog, it will be examined in minute detail for any chink in his case. Wright has run-in with the Australian tax authorities. He says he intends to continue his research into improving technology behind Bitcoin.
Shahid Tarafdar, 45, was hit by a Peugeot 307 on Stockport Road. He was taken to hospital but later died. Michael Joyce, 21, has been charged with perverting the course of justice.
A legal challenge blocked the plan to downgrade maternity care at Glan Clwyd Hospital in Bodelwyddan, Denbighshire. That prompted the consultation, which includes a series of public meetings. Residents are unhappy with the plans, suggesting removing the service will mean women have to travel further for care
UK's National Cyber Security Centre believes Lazarus group was behind attack. The same group is believed to have targeted Sony Pictures in 2014. Lazarus is also thought to have been behind the theft of money from banks.
Powys won the competitive bidding process to deliver the service in place of the OFT. People complaining about estate agents will still contact their local authority trading standards department.
Laura Trott and Jason Kenny won gold in the women's team sprint. The pair have now collected five medals between them at the Olympics. Kenny has six Olympic golds from three Games, more than Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Bradley Wiggins.
Human Rights Watch carried out a nine-month investigation into the images. Researchers interviewed former prisoners, defectors, forensic experts and families of the disappeared. Syria's government and its allies had questioned the images' authenticity.
James Brokenshire is the first secretary of state to attend a gaelic football match. It is understood he was in the stadium's control room when the anthem was played. A County Armagh Labour MP said Mr Brokenshire had "snubbed" the anthem. Conor McGinn said he was
Incident occurred in the 84th minute of Wednesday's Confederation Cup match between Sudan's Al Merreikh and Kawkab Marrakech of Morocco. Caf is reviewing the incident and awaiting the match officials' report.
Romney's team are trying to persuade disappointed Obama supporters that their man isn't worth giving another chance. Obama needs to persuade as many of those half-hearted 2008 voters in the bag as possible.
Adventures in the Anthropocene is her record of the people and places she encountered on a global tour. The book details how humans are altering the planet, but it also tells the stories of how we are learning to limit and cope with that change.
The protesters have built barricades and occupied key road junctions. They want to replace the government with an unelected "People's Council" The government has deployed 18,000 security personnel to maintain order.
Dorothy Cooper was seriously injured when a man allegedly jumped into her vehicle and drove over her. Paul Anthony Moore, 45, of no fixed address has been charged with wounding with intent, dangerous driving and motoring offences.
UK Treasury says it has not ruled out devolving APD powers to Scotland and Wales. Earlier this year Chancellor George Osborne announced the duty would be cut for direct long-haul routes from Northern Ireland airports.
Warren Gatland has named interim coach Rob Howley as part of his backroom team. The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) will appoint assistant coaches for the summer tour. Gatland is leading the British and Irish Lions in New Zealand.
St Elijah's Monastery was built in the 6th Century by Assyrian monks. It was later claimed by a Chaldean Catholic order. In 1743, its monks were given an ultimatum by Persian forces to convert to Islam.
Falklands and Gulf War veterans had a lower risk of suicide. Young veterans were not found to be at increased risk.
Charity says 1.2 million people are not getting the care they need. This is a rise of 48% since 2010. Half of councils have seen care home provider cease trading in their area.
Former England batsman said Morgan was not "as good as he thinks he is" Anderson responded: "That's rich coming from him. Morgan is a world-class player and has been for over 100 games. We know how destructive he is when he's in form"
Moat Brae in Dumfries has been a private house, a nursing home and a target for vandals. There were hopes that its fortunes could be transformed but talk of a grand hotel never came to fruition. The mansion will now become a national centre for children's literature after raising £5.3m
Mae'r ardal wedi ei chynnwys yn y 10 uchaf gan y cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliad, a chyfleoedd awyr agored sy'n gw
The candidates were asked about a consultation on health care in Staffordshire. It is looking at reducing bed-blocking and improving efficiency. UKIP's Phil Wood said his party would put £3bn a year in to stop privatisation. Labour's Paul Farrelly said the area was being used as a "guine
Competition and Markets Authority says GSK made more than £50m of payments to companies making generic versions of its anti-depressant Seroxat. GSK has been fined £37,606,275 and the generic firms have to pay £7.4m. But GSK says its actions actually saved the NHS money and brought the
Herbert Kilpin left Nottingham to work in Italy in the 1890s. The footballer set up Milan Football and Cricket Club in 1899. He led the club to its first three championships. Kilpin's name adorns shirts in Milan and his image can be seen on match days.
A 1.8 mile (3km) protection zone has been set up around the farm. A number of birds have died with the remaining birds to be culled. Public Health England said the risk to humans was "very low"
Two men believed to have been working on the A361 when they were hit. One flown to Plymouth's Derriford Hospital, the other flown to Royal Devon and Exeter. The driver has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving.
Incident happened on 16 September when Mr Obama visited the CDC in Atlanta. It contravened a protocol that only members of the Secret Service are allowed to carry weapons in the presence of the president.
Mae Arfon Roberts yn cyflogiwy gyda'r Post Cynta ar BBC Radio Cymru.
Shwe Mann has been rumoured to be discussing an alliance with Suu Kyi. Rivalry between President Thein Sein and Shwe Mann came to a head last week. They met for an hour on Monday in the country's capital, Naypyidaw.
Police probed reports hounds killed a fox in a street in Macclesfield, Cheshire. CPS said there was not enough evidence to prove death was caused deliberately. Cheshire Forest Hunt said they had "apologised" for what had happened.
House Speaker cried while watching the Pope's address to Congress. He is known as the "Weeper of the House" for his public displays of emotion.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on a three-day visit to the U.S. Silicon Valley is home to some 26% of all tech companies in the world. Mr Modi wants India to graduate from being home to the low-end of the tech trade.
Sports Direct reported a big drop in half-year profits, which it blamed partly on the fall in the pound. The retailer, which has been criticised over working conditions, said pre-tax profits fell 25% to £140.2m.
Officials entered a hotel room where members of the show Cavalia were staying. Radio-Canada said officials made a number of arrests and two Canadians remain in prison. Cavalia said they were trying to arrange for two employees to return to Canada. China's drug laws are very strict, and trafficking large
Adrian 'Jackpot' Lewis won the PDC title in 2011 and 2012. He will be taking part in the new Champions League of Darts competition. Lewis is a Stoke City fan and went to his first game at the Victoria Ground aged six.
John Kerry said world powers would back Libya in seeking exemption from a UN arms embargo. He said IS was a "new threat" to Libya and it was "imperative" it was stopped. Last month, the Libyan government warned IS could seize most of the country.
Luis Barcenas to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors. He is accused of making illegal payments to senior members of the ruling party. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has strongly denied any wrongdoing.
India and Bangladesh fail to reach agreement on sharing river water. There was also no deal granting India overland access across Bangladesh to its land-locked north-eastern states. But there was good news for tens of thousands of "stateless border people" The two countries agreed "to put in motion" a deal
John Stevenson Wright sexually abused Darren Kenny as a teenager. The 68-year-old worked at a pub run by Mr Kenny's parents in Rochdale. He was convicted of gross indecency, indecent assault and inciting a child under 16 to engage in a sexual act.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Swede Ibrahimovic is a free agent at the end of the season. The 34-year-old scored four goals as PSG won the French title.
Eleanor Hawkins, Canadians Lindsey and Danielle Peterson, and Dutchman Dylan Snel admitted causing a public disturbance. They were jailed for three days, but their sentences were back-dated to reflect time already served. A judge at Kota Kinabalu Magistrates' Court said the four had shown remorse. He also fined each defendant
Adult comedy starring Mila Kunis and Kristen Bell took £1.47m in its first week. Finding Dory took another £1.51m, bringing its total UK takings to £35.8m. Suicide Squad dropped one place to third, with takings of £1.27m, followed by new entry War Dogs
Highest rate of Caesareans planned before labour was in Cyprus at 38.8%. lowest rates were found in Finland (6.6%), the Netherlands (7.7%) and Norway (6.6%) Royal College of Midwives said health systems had a role to play.
Cheshire East Council will not reveal details of the allegations. Councillor Howard Murray said the suspension was "a neutral act"
London and Manchester to host legs of the World Grand Prix series. Grand Prix events will take place in 2017 and 2018 respectively. GB team includes two-time Olympic champion Jade Jones.
Diego Simeone has signed a new four-year deal with Atletico Madrid. The Argentine has led Atletico to a host of trophies since becoming coach in 2011. Atletico were runners-up to Real Madrid in the 2014 Champions League final.
Ddydd Mawrth, pleiisiodd pum aelod o'r cabinet o blaid cau'r ffrwd Gymraeg, gyda dau yn erbyn, ac un yn ymatal.
The World Championship starts at Sheffield's Crucible Theatre on 15 April. 14 Welsh players will have to win three qualifying rounds to qualify. Ryan Day is the only Welshman to be guaranteed a place in the competition.
The men and women have been charged with aggravated trespass and entering a security restricted area of an aerodrome. They will appear in court on 19 August. The Metropolitan Police said security at the airport would be reviewed.
Anthony Scaramucci was fired 10 days after being announced as communications director. He is the latest casualty of the Trump White House, and takes the record for the shortest term in a top job. But of course, there is a long line of people behind him who have been fired or eased out of their
Iran international Ghoochannejhad scored five goals in 42 appearances. Marko Dmitrovic, Alou Diarra and Callum Harriott have triggered one-year extensions to their current deals. Development squad players Zak Ansah, Alex Kelly, Ayo Obileye, Josh Staunton and Joe Pigott will
Darren Heath, 45, from Taynton, was sentenced to three years and nine months. He pleaded guilty to five counts of misconduct in public office. Gloucestershire Police believe there may be more victims.
Fleetwood Mac's set at Isle of Wight Festival will be their only show of the year. The set on Sunday 14 June will include original member Christine McVie. Festival organiser John Giddings told Newsbeat he'd been begging them to play.
Lawyer Anatoly Kucherena says his client will not leave the airport. Earlier airport officials said he had given Mr Snowden the documents he needed. Mr Snowden has been in the transit zone at Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport for a month. The US wants him extradited for leaking details
Money managed Walsall, Luton Town and Cambridge United between 2006 and 2015. The 61-year-old joined the Canaries from Atlanta United in December 2016.
Russian President said Russia's actions in Middle East would always be'responsible' Benjamin Netanyahu is concerned by the possibility of Israeli and Russian forces inadvertently trading fire. Israel has periodically struck inside Syria against militants it says have been plotting attacks.
Boy on the bank saw his father's boat capsize on the River Wey in Guildford. Divers are trawling the river in Millmead, Surrey, for the kayaker. Members of the public have been urged not to go into the water if they spot the missing kayaker, but to call 999
Fountain commemorates those who took part in Operation Anthropoid. The mission was to assassinate Nazi police chief Reinhard Heydrich. They were based in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, where the fountain is.
Hull 2017 raised £18m with investment from 61 partners. The full programme of events is to be announced next week. Martin Green, of Hull 2017, said the money was "a massive vote of confidence"
South Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner suspends chief constable. David Crompton was due to retire in November after four years in the role. PCC Dr Alan Billings said he had no choice but to act over 'erosion of trust' Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham called for Mr Crompton's resignation.
Austria has become a major transit country for migrants seeking to claim asylum in Germany. Chancellor Werner Faymann said numbers would be capped at 37,500 in each of the next four years. Serbia responded by saying it would limit migrant passage to those seeking asylum in Austria or Germany only.
MH17 crashed on land held by Russian-backed rebels in July 2014. There were 298 passengers, including 80 children, on the Malaysian Airlines airliner. Seven fragments had been found which were definitely not part of the aircraft.
Michael Smith was a youth worker for Pembrokeshire council between 2001 and 2012. Allegations against him included allowing a child to sit on his lap and drive his Land Rover. Smith was dismissed for gross misconduct and in September 2013 a police investigation began after he was accused of sexually abusing a boy. He was
Erin is now in remission after the therapy which took place in August. She is due to return to the UK within the next month for a transplant.
Charred pine twigs date back 140 million years to a time when fires raged across large tracts of land. Research suggests the tree's evolution was shaped in the fiery landscape of the Cretaceous. Scientists have debated for years why some trees seem to thrive on wildfires.
Peter Halliday accused councillors of'scaremongering' over Holland Haven-to-Clacton project. Pierre Oxley, who called in the meeting, said Mr Halliday's accusation was 'garbage'
Chelsea beat Tottenham 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho was sacked just months after winning the title last season. Conte is mixing theatre in his technical area with the job of leading Chelsea.
In Burnell's first action of the season, he beat a field of more than 80 swimmers. The 23-year-old represented Team GB at Rio 2016.
UUP leader Mike Nesbitt said "let battle commence" All 108 MLAs met to sign the roll of membership. 29 newly-elected members did so for the first time.
Both players join the League Two side until the end of the season. Nelson, 19, is yet to make a senior appearance for the Black Cats. Rooney, 20, has played just three times this season but scored twice against Pools on his Argyle debut in May.
Leicester's Matty James and Villa's Ciaran Clark were sent off in the game. Both clubs have admitted an FA charge of failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion.
The 18-year-old man is still in hospital after the incident at Leicester's West Gate School. The school subsequently suspended three female members of staff. Police confirmed the women were arrested in connection with allegations of neglect offences.
England women face Ireland at Twickenham in the Six Nations. Emma Croker starts at hooker for the hosts, with Amy Cokayne dropping to the bench. Ciara Griffin is handed her first Six Nations start at flanker for Ireland. Paula Fitzpatrick moves to number eight and Heather O'Brien to the
Michael McGibbon, 33, died after an attack in an alleyway at Butler Place. Police say his killing carried the hallmarks of a paramilitary murder. The 34-year-old was arrested in Belfast on Sunday.
Woodland Trust said Urquhart Bay Wood was a 'Nessie spawning ground' Previous explanations for the monster have included circus elephants being exercised in the waters. Several reported sightings of Nessie have been made recently.
UK economy grew by an estimated 0.7% in the April to June period. That compared with growth of 0.4% in the first quarter of the year. output in the economy during the second quarter was 2.6% higher than the same period a year earlier. Manufacturing output experienced its first fall in two years with
The bridge is between Ushaw Moor and New Brancepeth. Durham County Council said the closure would last at least a month.
Leopold is the first-choice goalkeeper for Mauritius Professional Football League champions team ASPL 2000. He was also the reserve goalkeeper for the national team during the last Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign.
Hamilton was initially stuck behind Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel but switched to a different strategy to get ahead. The result means Rosberg has reduced Hamilton's advantage in the championship to 20 points, while Vettel is 31 points adrift in third place. It was Mercedes' most dominant grand prix since the first race in
Hirst has selected journalist James Fox as his ghostwriter. Fox was the writer behind Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards' autobiography. Hirst was one of the founding members of the Young British Artists movement.
The Dons have planning permission for a site at Loirston Loch. However, the move was put on hold when plans for an adjacent training academy were turned down.
Jennifer Taylor, 72, was killed in a car crash near Betws-Y-Coed in October. Snowdonia Animal Sanctuary took in Susie, a 12-year-old collie and Jilly, 10. Sanctuary owner Anne de Berry said the dogs were moved to a "brilliant" new home.
Thomas Hunter, 58, was arrested after the crash on the A34 in Oxford. Isla Wiggin, who was in another car, died in hospital on 27 August. Mr Hunter has also been charged with causing serious injury to a 31-year-old woman by dangerous driving.
Woman struck by car on A38 near Burton-upon-Trent on 6 July. Johnathon Allison, of Colman Street, Hull, has also been arrested on suspicion of murder. Police are working with authorities in Lithuania to confirm the identity of the woman.
The 22-year-old won the BBC's Women's Footballer of the Year Award in 2015. She then joined Arsenal from Liverpool.
Total Fitness in Stansty is set to reopen its doors in April. The gym had to leave the building because of difficulties over a lease.
In 2013, the composer said he wouldn't work with Tarantino because he places music in his films without coherence. But the pair have now collaborated for the first time, with the Italian maestro penning the soundtrack for Tarantino's upcoming film The Hateful Eight. It is also a first for Tarantino - who has
European 100m champion Dasaolu held off the fast-finishing James Ellington and his friend and rival CJ Ujah. Earlier his training partner Asha Philip won her third British 100m title to join him in the GB team for Rio. Tiffany Porter beat her younger sister Cindy Ofili in the 100m hurdles
Australian Council of Social Service: 13% of population living below breadline. Jessica Russell, 25, relies on weekly welfare payments of A$545 (£338) "I put myself last," she says. "I can't give them everything that I need or want" Charities blame soaring cost of living and
French-based Sanofi closed its drug manufacturing site in Fawdon in 2015. Now, Accord Healthcare is to use the plant for its pharmaceutical production. The hope many of the jobs will be filled by ex-Sanofi staff.
Bates has been Tigers promoter for three years and will work alongside co-promoter David Darcy. Lions endured a miserable season last time out and finished bottom of the Elite League table.
Man, believed to be 19, confirmed dead in hospital on Sunday evening. Police were called to a unit at Derwent Works, Ambergate, at about 20:00 BST.
The 30-year-old is to remain there following the completion of a psychiatric report. Belfast Magistrates' Court was told she would not be able to leave without the hospital's permission. She was arrested by detectives investigating the child's death following an incident in Belfast in March.
Basil McAfee was found dead by his mother at his home in December 2013. He had been stabbed a number of times and sustained head wounds. Police believe his killer used an axe and a large knife in the attack. Detective: "Whoever did this is a danger to others in the community"
Commons Home Affairs Committee said the UK Border Agency should challenge unacceptable behaviour by some of its contractors. The report comes 15 months after a deportee died on a flight. Jimmy Mubenga, 46, fell ill and collapsed on a British Airways plane.
Johanna Amunjela is a PhD scholar at the University of Aberdeen in the UK. She is among the first to investigate the role that specific proteins have in how the disease develops.
HIV patients currently get antiretroviral therapy only when white blood cell levels drop. But a US-led study has now been cut short as early treatment was so beneficial for patients. The United Nations agency has called for everyone to get immediate access to the drugs.
McAllister is Carrick's eighth signing of the current transfer window. The 29-year-old joins from Mid Ulster League side Crewe United. Carrick face Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Friday night.
The proposals are subject to parliamentary approval. Farmers had complained that the Environment Agency was micro-managing flood control. But academics say diverting water off farmland could increase floods.
Laurence Shahlaei, 32, is the first Englishman to win the title in 27 years. The Wiltshire-based athlete had to overcome injury to take the crown.
In 2016, there were 5,826 reported cases, with holidaymakers losing £7.2 million in total. Most common scams involved plane tickets, online accommodation bookings and timeshare sales. Action Fraud said reports of scams had risen consistently over the past five years.
Watchdog inspected 22 schools in England which had previously been inspected by the Bridge Schools Inspectorate. Inspectors found that nine of these schools were inadequate.
Worcestershire signed Australia's John Hastings as main overseas player in August. Santner broke his finger in only his second game for the county in 2016. "There is some unfinished business with Mitch," says director of cricket Steve Rhodes.
West Ham will now work in unison with the ladies' team to ensure key improvements are made. Vice-chairman Karren Brady said women's football was a "high priority on our agenda" Hunt had told BBC Sport West Ham should "start to act like a 21st century club"
Acting Up report was commissioned by Labour's deputy leader Tom Watson. It looked at what more could be done to encourage young people to study arts. Report suggests high audition fees for drama school deter working class from entering profession. Also suggests more school trips to the theatre to encourage pupils.
Charlie Austin opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Shane Long was fouled by Martin Kelly. Southampton doubled their lead through midfielder Jake Hesketh's first goal for the club just after the hour.
O'Leary had taken the claim to Fifa following his dismissal in April 2011. The 55-year-old has been awarded the full sum due under his contract.
Glenn Mulcaire also faces four counts relating to specific people. A 9 September 2013 trial date was set at the Old Bailey.
All 26 are accused of evading tests but say there was an administrative error. They will face trials at the Italian Olympic Committee's anti-doping court. Five of the 26 have already qualified for next year's Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Robert McNaughton, 51, from Halesowen, set up fake Facebook accounts to troll the woman. West Midlands Police said he was "hell bent" on destroying her life after she spurned his reconciliation attempts. He bombarded her with abusive Facebook messages, threatening to release intimate images.
Pulido, 25, was abducted at gunpoint on Saturday night in his home town of Ciudad Victoria in Tamaulipas state. A 38-year-old man has been arrested. Officials say the man had confessed to belonging to a local criminal gang. Police are searching for another three men believed to have been involved in
Marc Pugh scored the only goal of the game in the second half. It was Bournemouth's fifth home win of the season and their first in the Premier League. Leicester's record on the road this season is the worst in the top flight.
The 60-year-old Frenchman has been suspended along with Fifa president Sepp Blatter and secretary general Jerome Valcke. They deny wrongdoing. The French FA wants the Court of Arbitration for Sport to intervene.
Speculation about its alleged collapse surfaced from customers on Twitter. BBC understands company was in talks with the Civil Aviation Authority last night. It said it expected to make more than £40m in underlying earnings by October.
Cotswold District Council's proposal to form a unity authority with West Oxfordshire has proved controversial. CDC leader Lynden Stowe has said Gloucestershire's "historic borders" would remain under the proposals. But PCC Martin Surl said he had taken legal advice on the "Coxit" proposal. He warned it
Wolverhampton City Council said in 2014 it faced the prospect of 'becoming insolvent' The Labour-run authority has now approved plans to cut a number of services. It will axe neighbourhood wardens and raise council tax by 1.99%. However, unions said they feared service standards would drop.
US investment bank will switch to video interviews with first-round undergraduate candidates. Each year the bank hires about 2,500 students as both summer and full-time analysts. Goldman hopes the move will allow it to find students who do not attend top-tier US universities.
Liverpool beat Leicester 4-1 in their Premier League clash at Anfield. Roberto Firmino, Sadio Mane, Adam Lallana and substitute Loris Karius scored. Jamie Vardy got Leicester back into the game with an own goal. Lucas made a mistake to let Vardy in to score.
Cherry and Whites will face either Stade Francais or local rivals Bath in the final. Defeat for La Rochelle was the French Top 14 leaders' first at home this season. Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw made his return from injury from the replacements bench.
Toby Ricketts and Marianna Fenn tie the knot in the South Island town of Akaroa. The happy couple say that guidelines of the Pastafarian religion stipulate that wedding celebrants must be pirates. New Zealand officials last month designated the religion as an officially-recognised faith.
The suspects are also alleged to have targeted Google accounts. Hacking was directed at Russian and US government officials. 30 million Yahoo accounts were commandeered without authorisation. One of the alleged hackers has been on the FBI's most wanted cyber criminals for more than three years.
Some websites have deals with clubs but others could be "duping" customers. The general resale of football tickets was banned in 1994. Manchester United have seized more than 1,750 tickets during the past two seasons.
30 gigabyte dump of stolen data appears to include nearly 200,000 Ashley Madison emails. Some experts have decided not to view the contents, but certain details are being distributed via Twitter. Users linked to Ashley Madison by email addresses found in an earlier release of data have been subject to uninvited scrutiny.
Figures come from a report produced by the NI Statistics and Research Agency. It uses assumptions about births, deaths and migration. Population aged 65 and over is projected to increase by almost 26%.
Conor Thomas scores in the 94th minute to give Swindon the win. The striker was picked out by Nicky Ajose to fire home from outside the box. Swindon move up to 15th in the table, while Millwall remain in the play-off places.
Chris May, 28, was last seen at his home in Kelvedon, Essex, on 25 May. Charity Missing People is now advertising Mr May's case nationally.
Driver navigates Bargrennan Bridge, near Newton Stewart, in November. But a delivery on the A713 on Tuesday saw a lorry and its giant cargo end up in a ditch.
Stanford University team said the findings were 'incredibly exciting' They believe using AI could revolutionise healthcare by turning anyone's smartphone into a cancer scanner. Cancer Research UK said it could become a useful tool for doctors.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has been linked with a move to Real Madrid. Angel Di Maria has written an open letter to United fans following his £44.3m move to Paris St-Germain. Ashley Young has signed a new contract until 2018 with the option of an extension. Bastian Schweinsteiger
Carlisle admitted failing to provide a sample to police and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence. He was also ordered to carry out 150 hours' unpaid work at Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court. The 35-year-old's Mercedes was spotted "swerving" and "almost mounting the pavement"
The A361 between East Lyng and Burrowbridge was closed on 10 March. Somerset County Council said temporary traffic lights will be installed. The council said that the road closure on the A372 Langport Road will remain in place next week.
Female was found in the Llandovery area, struggling with a fever and dehydration. She was rehabilitated by RSPCA staff at a specialist wildlife facility in Taunton, Somerset.
The 50 year-old said she was 'lucky to be here' after falling ill at home. O'Donnell wrote on her blog that she searched "women's heart attack symptoms"
Portsmouth held a service to mark the surrender of Japan at the end of World War Two. The event included readings from Burma veterans and a performance from the Portsmouth Military Wives Choir.
Kuba Moczyk, 22, died in hospital after he was knocked out in unlicensed fight. A memorial mass has been held at St Mary's Church in the town. Father Philip Shryane told congregation Mr Moczyk' was a "good man"
Thousands of people gathered in the square outside the town's main church to pay their respects. Rescue workers are still searching the local river for victims.
Will Grant has lived in both Venezuela and Cuba. He says there are growing parallels between the two countries' economies. Venezuela is in the grip of hyperinflation and long queues for basic goods.
Ayrton Light needs to be fully dismantled and restored. A temporary light will replace it. Big Ben will not chime regularly until 2021 because of repairs to the tower.
Barcelona drew 1-1 with Atletico Madrid in La Liga on Saturday. Luis Suarez had given Barca the lead before Sergio Ramos equalised. Enrique said his side were better in the second half.
League Against Cruel Sports said they saw no gunmen at Jedforest Hunt. But hunt member Malcolm Henderson said he was there with a shotgun. John Richardson and son Johnny Riley deny deliberately hunting a fox.
Jason Alexander, 39, used a company credit card to buy almost £91,000 of iPads, phones and computers. He admitted fraud and was jailed for two years in January. But a judge ordered him to pay back £115,000 to his ex-employers.
Russia is defiant after a year under Western sanctions. The country's economy shrank 2% in the first quarter of 2015. Russia's trade minister, Denis Manturov, insists it's the oil price that's hurt Russia.
Nick Dunn, 28, from Northumberland, was arrested in October 2013. He was one of six Britons accused of illegally possessing weapons. The charges were quashed but a police appeal has blocked their return. Case was due to be heard later, but has now been adjourned to 22 April.
Latest figures show the nursing and midwifery vacancy rate stands at 4.5%. Royal College of Nursing (RCN) said the current situation threatened patient care. Health Secretary Shona Robison insisted staff levels within the NHS had risen to "historically high levels"
Levi Blu died in 2013 of internal bleeding. His mother Danielle Cassin is also accused of murder. A witness told a jury she saw Mr Piper being violent with his other child.
HMS Coventry took a direct hit during the Falklands War in 1982. It sank in just 20 minutes, killing 19 sailors and injuring 30 more. A Royal Navy team carried out a number of dives on sunken ships.
Wales's first commercial tidal energy farm is due to launch off Anglesey in summer 2016. Its electricity generators will operate like wind turbines but with blades driven by tidal wave action.
Brother Tedd wins the final race of AP McCoy's career. The jockey had earlier finished third on Mr Mole in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase. McCoy has now ridden more than 4,300 career winners. Former Arsenal striker Ian Wright paid tribute to the 40-year-old.
Jet2 argued the compensation payments should be delayed pending the outcome of a similar case in the Netherlands. But the judge at Liverpool County Court ruled that "a line should now be drawn" Four airlines in the UK have made applications to delay payments.
Ms Merkel said the NSA affair was putting EU-US trade talks to the test. She said Germany's relations with the US "are of paramount importance" The Bundestag is holding a special debate on the NSA spying allegations.
Adam King struck either side of the break in the 2-0 win over Reading. In March, the Swans' development squad drew with Wolves to win the league title. The cup final win meant the young Swans celebrated 31 wins across all competitions in 2016-17.
Salisbury MP John Glen said a tunnel was the only "realistic solution" A feasibility study is already under way to consider the various options for the road.
Andy Burnham says getting this far is "a real achievement" BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg said this was seen by some supporters as a concession of defeat. The winner of the leadership election will be announced on Saturday. Mr Burnham is up against Jeremy Corbyn, Liz Kendall and Yvette Cooper.
Coalition reduced highest income tax rate from 50% to 45% in 2013. Ed Balls, Labour's shadow chancellor, criticised Mr Osborne's refusal to rule out a further cut.
Tens of thousands of Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh amid a military crackdown. They have told horrifying stories of rapes, killings and house burnings. Activists have condemned the lack of a firm international response. Some have described the situation as South East Asia's Srebrenica.
Just 40,100 families - that's around 8% of estates - will pay IHT at all in 2016/17. That's because George Osborne has finally been able to make changes to IHT. Changes were blocked by the Liberal Democrats during the years of coalition government. From April 2017, the government will
Stocktrade is being transferred to the Dundee-headquartered firm for £14m in cash. Last September, Stocktrade had £4.3bn of assets under management. That should increase the scale of Alliance Trust Savings to £11.5bn.
The new languages will be Afaan Oromo, Amharic, Gujarati, Igbo, Korean, Marathi, Pidgin, Punjabi, Telugu, Tigrinya, and Yoruba. The first new services are expected to launch in 2017.
John Smith, 41, staged seven collisions in Chester allowing more than 200 people to make false personal injury claims. Ten other people were also found guilty at Manchester Crown Court for their part in the plot. All the collisions - six in Chester and a seventh on the A41 in Eastham - happened between 2010
JP Nadeau was reportedly struck by lightning mid-sentence in his apple orchard. "It was like I was holding a lightning bolt in my hand," he said. Aside from a small scar on his thumb, he was unscathed and the wedding proceeded.
Every hour spent using a touchscreen each day was linked to 15 minutes less sleep. Experts said the study was "timely" but parents should not lose sleep over it. The study questioned 715 parents of children under three years old.
Former Exeter player Pope, 26, can also play on the wing. May, 22, has made 69 appearances for the Penzance-based side. Moyle, 24, can play at full-back, wing or fly-half.
18-year-old woman was driving a Toyota Yaris when it was in a crash with a Ford Transit van on the A595 near Bootle. She and her front seat passenger, also 18, were pronounced dead at the scene.
A grant of £1.25m was provided to encourage authorities to broadcast meetings online. But not all councils stream meetings and the latest Welsh Government move has been backed by all parties. Conwy council said ministers will need to provide funding if the practice is to become mandatory.
Both sides occupy places in the top four. Bath fought hard after the break, but Wasps' 13th win was never in doubt. England star Elliot Daly was absent for Wasps.
For Safer Internet Day, we spoke to Nikki about how she stays safe online. She gave us her top tips on how to stay safe on the internet.
West Ham striker is charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger. Snodgrass, 29, is alleged to have driven on Duke Street, Glasgow, on 17 April with too many people to fit a baby seat in.
More than 20 people have been arrested in connection with the incident. Most of the 74 passengers on board the flight were transferred from Turkish Airlines. No group has said it carried out the bombing but al-Shabab is based in Somalia.
Mauricio Macri defeated Daniel Scioli in Argentina's presidential election. He will be the country's next president after Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner stepped down. Mr Macri has promised to be a "president for all Argentines"
Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock, 79. Mr Lock was stabbed 39 times after hitting the back of Mr Daley's car. Defence team will claim Mr Daley acted in self defence, jury told. His mother Lynda Daley said the day Mr Lock died was 'the day
Hastings Pier is being rebuilt with £14m of money raised by the Lottery. A further £300,000 can be raised by selling 3,000 shares for £100 each. The 140-year-old structure was almost completely destroyed by fire in 2010.
Microsoft acknowledged it read the anonymous blogger's emails in order to identify an employee it suspected of leaking information. The firm said it took "extraordinary actions in this case" While the search was technically legal, Microsoft will consult outside counsel in the future.
Welsh MP describes conditions for rail passengers as 'unacceptable' Network Rail said it was committed to working with Welsh Government. Arriva Trains Wales said 54 out of its fleet of 127 had to be taken away for repairs.
The 60-year-old was a passenger in a car that was involved in a collision. The collision took place on the Foreglen Road in Claudy.
Cecil Rhodes was a British politician and business magnate who died in 1902. His statue has remained on the campus of this high-profile university. It was attacked earlier this month by a protester who tipped a bucket of human excrement over the figure of Rhodes.
Newport County play at Rodney Parade which is also used by Newport Gwent Dragons and Newport RFC. The Exiles have had two games - against Morecambe and Barnet - abandoned at half-time. Rodney Parade chief executive says he is aware of the state of the pitch.
A total of 19.2% of Welsh students got A or A grades - a 0.2% drop. Education minister Huw Lewis said Wales had "at least matched" its best results. But opposition parties said it was a reality check and Wales had come up short.
Airport was bought for £37,500 in 1963 as a replacement for Burnaston Aerodrome. In its first year, 114,000 passengers passed through the airport. The first destination on offer was Glasgow but it now flies to more than 70 locations.
The list was published in Madrid as part of Operation Captura. It includes ex-soldier Shane Walford who was jailed in 2010 for manslaughter. Mohammed Jahangir Alam, 32, was sentenced to 14 years in his absence in 2010.
Sears was caught on camera apparently swearing at Murray's opponent Tomas Berdych's team. Murray had defended Sears, saying: "In the heat of the moment, you can say stuff that you regret" Sears made light of the issue for the final against Novak Djokovic.
The States is urging boat owners and visitors to respect Jersey's wildlife laws. Dozens of people from France and Jersey visit the reefs each summer.
Local MP Ian Lucas said people were concerned about the impact it could have. The overall project spend is lower than the original £250m estimate. Work is expected to start in August creating up to 1,000 jobs.
Roberts made 52 league starts for Cambridge over the past two years. Forest Green confirm the departure of Rob Sinclair by mutual consent.
Man got into difficulties in the water at Longtown Bridge, near Carlisle. He had just rescued a young girl from the river, Cumbria Police said.
The boy, named locally as Reggie, was attacked at a house in Falkland Road. He was taken to hospital where he later died. Police said the small terrier dog had been removed from the address. A 30-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident.
Jamie Toland told police his dog chewed at the tag around his ankle. But the High Court in Belfast was told there were "no signs" of teeth marks. The 23-year-old was fitted with the electronic monitoring tag last month. He was granted bail in connection to a burglary that took place
Tata announced it would sell its loss-making UK operations. Sir Vince said it showed commitment to south Wales. But he said it was only a first step, with the steel market "awful"
Connor Hamer, 22, said he had been refused service at the restaurant in Pilsworth. The firm said it "respected his right to protest" but the drive-thru was "for roadworthy motor vehicles only"
Former Barcelona B striker Sanabria scored his fourth goal in two games. Alvaro Negredo missed three chances to equalise. Valencia have gone a total of 11 league matches without a win.
Vitalmiro Bastos Moura has been convicted for third time over death of Dorothy Stang. Ms Stang, 73, was shot six times after trying to block Moura's attempts to seize land. Moura, who was convicted in 2007 and 2010, was sentenced to 30 years in prison
Scientists strictly controlled the diets of 19 people so they all had exactly the same calorie intake. Results showed 67% more fat was lost on a low-fat diet than a low carb one. Experts questioned which diets people could stick to in real life.
HMP Hewell was last year criticised for high levels of assaults and drug use. New report said there had been one murder and six suicides since visit. Incidents of self-harming and bullying were high, inspectors said. Howard League for Penal Reform said report was latest in long line of negative
Muir is one of six Scots in a 31-strong British Athletics team heading to Belgrade. Olympians Eilidh Doyle and Steph Twell will also feature on the track in Serbia.
Labour calls health policy a'real dividing line' between it and the Tories. Tories say Wales is the only part of the UK where health spending has been cut.
Borders hospitals spent £3.18 per day per patient on meals and snacks. Other health boards such as NHS Ayrshire and Arran spent a similar amount. NHS Lothian said its spent an average of £3.82 per patient across its hospitals.
Apple sold 74.8 million iPhones in its fiscal first quarter, compared with 74.5 million a year ago. This would mark Apple's first fall in revenues since it launched the iPhone. CEO Tim Cook credited "all-time record sales of iPhone, Apple Watch and Apple TV" But Luca Maestri,
He is accused of market manipulation that caused a 1,000-point fall on the US Dow Jones index in 2010. Mr Sarao traded from his parents' home in Hounslow, west London. He faces 22 charges in the US, including fraud charges, all of which he denies.
Britain face Argentina in the Davis Cup semi-finals on September 16-18. Leon Smith's team won the title for the first time in 79 years last year. The winner will face France or Croatia in the final in November.
The incident happened as Ms Bishop was travelling to the U.N. General Assembly in New York. The officer who conducted the pat-down was suspended and later reinstated. But a more senior officer who ordered the check has been sacked.
The incident happened at the Edenderry Industrial Estate. A man was taken to hospital with minor injuries. The Health and Safety Executive is investigating.
Stephen Beattie worked for Northumbria, Staffordshire and Cleveland forces. More than 350 of his cases, including suspicious deaths and arsons, have been reviewed. CPS has said no criminal charges will be brought.
The 30-year-old played for Somerset in 2011. Van der Nerwe has represented South Africa at international level.
More than 3,600 firefighters are battling the King fire, east of Sacramento. The blaze has consumed wide swathes of timber in Eldorado National Forest. As of early this week, California firefighters have battled more than 4,800 wildfires this year.
Vert Rotors was founded by Olly Dmitriev in 2013. It produces ultra compact low-vibration gas compressors. The company said it planned to add further posts in the future.
Bank of Scotland's new £5 note will be available in branches from 27 October. Paper £5 notes will gradually be withdrawn before being widely available. Those that remain in circulation will continue to be accepted at shops and banks. The new, plastic material is said to be cleaner and more resilient to being crumpled
Ipswich keeper Bartosz Bialkowski made fine saves to keep Stewart Downing and Jordan Rhodes out. Middlesbrough's 22nd Championship clean sheet of the season was enough to extend their unbeaten run to eight games. Boro remain second behind Burnley and ahead of Brighton on goal difference, with the league's top
Chand was the first Indian sprinter to reach a final at a global athletics event in 2013. But she "failed" a test that had nothing to do with fitness, form or even doping. Chand's career has been on hold for a year, leading to her missing both the Commonwealth Games and Asian Games
Four men, aged between 25 and 61, were arrested in Ashbourne, County Meath. Some 160 kilos of herbal cannabis was discovered, Garda said. A business premises was also searched during the "intelligence-led" operation.
His comments, made during a closed-session meeting in Budapest, were accidentally broadcast to reporters. He said the EU was the only major power to attach "political" conditions to its relationship with Israel. The EU has repeatedly condemned Israel's building of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Mohammed Sarul Islam believes changing the name would generate publicity. The former Cardiff councillor has put forward a petition calling on the Welsh Government to change the name. Assembly members will consider the petition, which gathered 16 signatures, on Tuesday.
Penelope Davis, 47, was tending to her horses when she was attacked. Her body was found in a field on Leygreen Farm, Beaulieu. A total of five people have been arrested in the case.
Phelps report criticised former technical director Shane Sutton and UK Sport. Report noted a "culture of fear" existed within the British cycling team. Cookson said Sutton should have been moved following recommendations from the King Review in 2012.
Labour, Lib Dems, SNP, Conservatives, Scottish Greens and UKIP representatives will take part. Presenter Sarah Smith will put the questions you send in to the six guests.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls met David Cameron in Downing Street. He said British media portrayed France as 'left-wing and anti-business' Mr Valls was speaking to a group of financiers and executives in the City of London.
Church members have voted to raise the cost of a wedding from £296 to £415. Move comes despite warning from Church's governing body that the rises could have an impact on poorer couples.
Two Second World War soldiers were re-interred in Ypres Town Cemetery. Their remains were found during work on a new housing estate in 2013. Ministry of Defence researchers were only able to identify the two men.
Bydd 40 o feddygon yng Nghwm Cynon sydd ddim gyda symptomau gygyda neu gwellafrad goresgyn canad.
Bydd gweinidogion yn San Steffan yn cymryd rheolaeth o'r dyletswyddau yn ei ddatganiad ddydd Iau. Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr yn dweud y bydd hy
Sites include an RAF base, barracks, ex-World War Two airfields and a chaplaincy centre. They also include two golf courses at RAF Henlow and Southwick Park in Hampshire. Meanwhile, Network Rail has announced it will release land at almost 200 sites for 12,000 new homes by 2020.
Wycombe beat Dagenham 2-1 in the Vanarama Conference. Paul Hayes and Paris Cowan-Hall scored for Wycombe. Dagenham had Josh Passley sent off before Luke Guttridge equalised.
England beat South Africa in their second T20 match of tour. Dawid Malan made the highest score by an England player on T20 debut. The Middlesex left-hander hit 12 fours and two sixes in 44-ball knock.
All of its legs were broken and it had a deformed spine. RSPCA Cymru said it was an "extremely sad example of an abandoned pet" It is illegal to release non-native species into the wild.
DF Concerts said improvements include colour-coded zones and better signage. Last year's event was criticised over traffic issues and antisocial behaviour. The Stone Roses, Calvin Harris and Red Hot Chili Peppers will headline main stage.
Australian ship Ocean Shield is first investigating a possible third signal elsewhere in the massive search zone. None has been confirmed as coming from the flight recorders of MH370. Meanwhile families of the missing passengers have attended a prayer service in Kuala Lumpur.
A number of games have been developed to raise awareness of mental health conditions and treat them. Depression Quest is a text-based depiction of depression, rather than a form of treatment. 3D fantasy game SPARX was developed in New Zealand and tested on hundreds of teenagers and children.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter @BBCNewsEnts.
Kieran Innes died after his car crashed on the A90 north of Forfar. He was a coach with Middlefield Wasps FC. The club said in a statement: "He was a genuine nice guy"
The 20-year-old England international passes a medical and agrees terms. Sunderland had rejected Liverpool's previous offer for the midfielder. Henderson will provide competition in the Reds' midfield.
Vaughan joined Blues permanently from Huddersfield in the summer. The 28-year-old is the Premier League's youngest ever scorer at 16 years and 271 days.
The man collided with a black Vauxhall Insignia in Holyhead. He was taken to a hospital in Stoke but has died from his injuries.
AFC Wimbledon have agreed a deal with Hollywood studio Fox 2000. The Dons' story will be retold from its formation in 2002. American author John Green will co-produce the film.
There are a number of initiatives under way to boost the sport in India. The country is hoping to host the Under-17 World Cup in 2017. There is also the need to build football industry and infrastructure.
Swansea came into the match without a win in six games. Jordan Ayew gave Aston Villa the lead at Villa Park. Gylfi Sigurdsson equalised with a 25-yard free-kick. Andre Ayew scored a late winner for the Swans.
Fanning won his quarter-final heat on Wednesday, shortly after learning of his brother's death. It has not been disclosed how or where Peter Fanning died. Adriano de Souza paid tribute to Fanning saying "he deserved it more than me"
Dylan Groenewegen won the first stage of the Tour de Yorkshire. The LottoNL-Jumbo rider triumphed in a sprint ahead of Australia's Caleb Ewan. Britain's Adam Blythe also finished in the top 10.
Newsround reporter Ricky has been to Greece's capital city, Athens, to meet children. He met Ioanis Pavlos and Stergios and their family to hear what life has been like.
Man, in his 40s, arrested on suspicion of having imitation gun. Residents from two blocks of flats were evacuated but have since been allowed home. Officers had been alerted to man "in possession of what looked like a firearm"
Palestinian delegation wants Fifa to suspend Israel from world football. They complain about restrictions on movement around occupied Palestinian Territory. Israeli sports officials argue they have no control over the policies applied.
Company behind HS2 said Euston station redevelopment would finish in 2033. Sir Keir Starmer MP said those living nearby faced "decades of blight" He said the only sensible plan was to abandon the project altogether. But HS2 minister said the area would benefit from the redevelopment.
Joint venture between Lacuna Developments and Watkin Jones. They have bought the former Willis insurance offices close to Botanic Avenue. Same joint venture is converting former Belfast Metropolitan College building.
£1.471bn spent shooting Star Wars: The Force Awakens and Avengers: Age of Ultron in 2014. Money spent on homegrown UK films also increased. Box office takings, though, were down 2% on the previous year.
Pupils will perform their own response to classic music at two Proms. The Ten Pieces project aims to inspire primary school children to learn about music. Each Prom will feature music, dance, film and animation.
The 22-year-old clocked 19.95 seconds at the SEC Championships in Alabama. Mitchell-Blake said his achievement was "overwhelming" He wants to compete for Britain at the Rio Olympics in August.
Guinea finish bottom of Group A having needed a win against Argentina to have any chance of progressing. They earned their only point of the tournament with a 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday.
Six teens struck 14 times in less than a month threatening motorists with knives and a firearm. They have been given sentences of between five years and six months. Several motorists were physically assaulted and a moped rider was hit with a hammer.
Nelms spoke after the club revealed an operating loss of £530,000 to 31 May. The club recently bought 29 acres of land there, near the city's Ice Arena. Dens Park is less than 400 yards away in the same street as rivals Dundee United's Tannadice Park.
Serena Williams beat her sister Venus 6-4, 6-4 in the Australian Open final. The win takes Williams' tally of Grand Slam singles titles to 23. Williams is now just one behind the Australian - who was watching on the Rod Laver Arena.
Ant and Dec named TV personalities of the year for the third year running. Susanna Reid, meanwhile, won best news presenter/reporter for the second year in succession.
The City Deal scheme will see eight council areas around Glasgow receive about £1bn from the UK and Scottish governments. They include a new water sports park, railway station and sliproad from the M77.
Leader Grenville Ham said community-run schemes could provide jobs. Party currently has one Welsh councillor and 50 confirmed candidates.
Fosse Park, near junction 21 of the M1, opened in 1989 and was bought in August for £345.5m. Plans are now being prepared to improve parking and traffic congestion.
Scotland and Afghanistan met during the ICC World T20 in Nagpur in March. Afghanistan qualified for the group stages along with West Indies. Scotland beat Hong Kong to record a first win at a major tournament.
Red brick terrace in Wavertree was where the member of The Beatles lived from birth, in 1940, until he was five. The three-bedroom house had been given a guide price of between £150,000 and £250,000.
Medal belonged to Pte William John Boaden of the 3rd Battalion Devonshire Regiment. It was found in a farmer's field by a team of metal detecting enthusiasts. Researcher Stephen Lyons then tracked down Pte Boaden's family in Tiverton, Devon.
John Culshaw, 26, was stabbed to death in Wigan in 1993. His family buried him believing his body was intact. They were unaware his stomach, liver and other tissues had been retained. Greater Manchester Police said it "agonised over for a number of months"
Midfielder sustained the injury just 26 days after joining Posh from Crewe. McCann also confirmed that Posh had not taken up the option to sign trialist striker Morgan Ferrier.
Shanghai Composite was down 1.2% to 4,565.25. Analysts cited a number of reasons for the drop including some brokerages tightening lending requirements on margin financing. Another wave of new share offerings due next week is also expected to remove liquidity from the market.
At least one other Welsh region has shown an interest in Williams. The union's offer would have kept the player at the Scarlets.
Parcels containing cannabis and so-called legal highs were removed at HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. The contraband had become lodged on the 60ft (18m) roof after attempts were made to throw it over the prison walls. A prison spokesman said the crane is now being used as a deterrent, "
Charles Howden, 64 and Fiona Stanley, 59 were killed when their Triumph motorcycle collided with a car. The accident happened on the A6094 at Rosewell at about 22:40 on Thursday. Their families said they were "much loved by all those whose lives they touched"
Steve Freer and Val Wawrosz started Tempus Novo to help ex-offenders find work. They work unpaid in offices opposite the looming Victorian hulk of their old employer. So far, the majority of prisoners they have placed have kept their jobs.
Rural grave, discovered last November in the town of Tetelcingo, consists of two 10m (33ft) deep pits. Prosecutors say bodies may have been dumped illegally by morgue officials. Morelos is among the worst-affected states in Mexico's epidemic of drug-related violence.
Amphibians, reptiles and plants are particularly vulnerable, according to US researchers. Some animals might be able to move geographically to cope with rising temperatures, but others live in isolated areas.
The £1.1bn M4 proposal would cross four SSSIs along the Gwent Levels. Welsh Government lawyers argued environmental concerns had to be balanced against other interests.
The Bank trimmed its 2017 growth forecast and said household spending was slowing more quickly than expected. Rates were held at 0.25%, as expected, after a 7-1 vote by policymakers. On the stock market, the FTSE 100 index closed almost flat, up 1.4 points at 7,386.6.
Sir Martin Moore-Bick sent the letter late on Thursday following weeks of discussion with survivors. There has been controversy over Sir Martin's suitability for the role. The prime minister will set out the terms of reference for the process.
The man is said to have been trying to gather details about a parliamentary committee. German authorities have asked the US ambassador for'swift clarification' Last year, the NSA was accused of bugging the phone of Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Wednesday's matinee at London's Cambridge Theatre was curtailed. A representative said the actress playing Matilda was unable to sing. The rest of the cast performed three songs from the second half of the show. Thursday's performance will go ahead as scheduled, it has been announced.
Citizens Advice Scotland report highlights'misleading' parking tickets. There is currently no specific legislation or regulations regarding parking on private land in Scotland.
Labour's Anna McMorrin polled 26,081 votes with the Tories' Craig Williams on 21,907. But Tory Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns narrowly held on to his Vale of Glamorgan seat. In Pontypridd, Owen Smith had more than double the number of votes of Conservative Juliette Ash.
Eurozone group said reforms were Greece's "best guarantee" to overcome tough economic and social challenges. Syriza party, which rejected the bailout terms and came a close second, said it would lead the opposition. With 99.9% of ballots counted, interior ministry results put New Democracy on 29.7% of the vote (
Opec has a lot of work to do before it has a real and sustained impact on the price. Crude oil prices are less than half what they were in June 2014. Opec member countries have felt this financial pain with increasing intensity for almost two years now.
Messi has scored in all three games and is one goal shy of Maradona's 1986 five-goal haul. "He is exceptional, no question, but that is not all," says Mehmedi. Argentina are unbeaten in their six previous games against Switzerland.
PM was in constituency that was one of the Tory gains at the election. He also came to Wales with news of hundreds of new jobs in the valleys.
It happened at the Aberdeen Sea Cadets base at Pocra Quay last November.
Jebb, 19, made 21 appearances for the Gunners' under-18 side last term. McAllister, 25, missed most of pre-season after ankle surgery.
Caste on the Menu Card is the only film among 35 sent to India's information and broadcasting ministry to be refused clearance. Ministry officials said they were "not provided with adequate information" Documentary was filmed by five students from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences.
tiles date from the period of the Second Temple, during the time of King Herod. The temple was destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD during a Jewish rebellion.
UK food and drink exports rose 8.5% to £10.2bn in the first half of 2016. UK salmon remained the top export, followed by whisky and beer. The pound has fallen against the euro since the UK voted to leave the EU.
League One strugglers Coventry play Brighton Under-21s at the Ricoh Arena. Luton take on 2012 champions Chesterfield while Mansfield host the winner of Walsall v Oldham. There is also one all under-21 side match, with Swansea hosting Wolves.
Nicole Ferguson, 27, pleaded guilty to stealing from Cancer Research UK. The offence was committed between 21 March and 24 July 2014. Ferguson has been released on bail until she is sentenced in February.
Identity theft has become the most prevalent form of fraud for the first time since the recession. Shared hallways and easily accessible rental properties make details easier to steal. Wealthy couples were next on the list of victims, with this group particularly targeted in card and loan fraud.
Police found the body of James Chadwick in Glasgow. He had a number of unexplained injuries. His death is now being treated as murder.
Operation Titan was set-up to investigate public order-related incidents. Police released the figures at a press conference in Belfast on Monday.
David Buchanan, 18, admitted two counts of hacking and one of impairing the operation of or hindering access to a computer. The charges refer to "computer intrusion and damage to network profiles" in July and August 2015. Mr Buchanan will be sentenced on 2 August at Guildford Magistrates' Court.
Janet Jordon, 48, her daughter Derrin, aged six, and her partner Philip Howard, 44, were found in a house in Vicarage Road, Didcot, on 23 May. The body of murder suspect Jed Allen, 21, was found two days later in woodland near Marston Ferry Road, Oxford
In 2017/18 a total of £4.1bn is being divided among Wales' 22 councils. The lion's share of council cash goes on schools - with social services following behind. Council tax gets lower the cheaper a property is, and higher the more expensive it is.
Star's collection includes fringed leather pouch used by Davy Crockett. Collins said he first became interested in the Alamo after watching a 1950s TV series. Land Commissioner campaigning for a new historical centre to house Collins' collection.
Castleford beat Wakefield to secure sixth place in Super League. The Tigers scored five tries in 22 minutes to secure the win. Castleford lost Rangi Chase with a back problem.
United trail Kilmarnock by five points with six games left for play. Kilmarnock host St Johnstone as Inverness Caledonian Thistle visit Tannadice on Saturday. There will be five games left as the Premiership splits into two sections.
iguana "living the life of Riley" up a tree in Pakefield, Suffolk. Owner Mike Hamilton said he had tried to entice it down but it wouldn't come down. The iguana is currently sitting on its tree-top perch at the end of All Saints Road.
The Brit Awards will be held at the 02 Arena in London on Tuesday March 21. The ceremony is one of the biggest nights on the music calendar.
Main structure of the spacecraft was moved this week from the UK factory where it has been for a year to undergo tests on its propulsion system. European Space Agency (Esa) satellite is due for launch in 2012 on a Soyuz rocket from the new Sinnamary spaceport in French Guiana.
Uber engineer Susan Fowler said her manager tried to have sex with her on her first official day at work. Her claims have resonated with many women in the tech world, and surveys suggest her experiences are not uncommon. According to a 2016 survey, 60% of women working in Silicon Valley experience unwanted sexual advances.
No official announcement has yet been made by either club. United were planning to bring Costa Rica keeper Keylor Navas in the opposite direction. There is no precedent for Spanish clubs being given additional time to conclude transfers.
Any ban on laptop computers would hit Heathrow the hardest. Three-quarters of UK flights to the US go from Heathrow. Lithium-ion batteries make a hell of a bang if damaged or short-circuited.
Files found on computer after the attacks on a bin in Schaerbeek. Computer also included a final message from one of the airport bombers. Ibrahim el-Bakraoui complained of being hunted and not feeling safe.
Deng Zhengjia, in his 50s, died on Wednesday in Chenzhou City, Hunan. He was hit with a weight from a set of scales after a row erupted with chengguan officials. Chengguan are unpopular with the Chinese public after a series of high-profile violent incidents.
Middag made her senior international debut in 2012. The 23-year-old scored 15 goals in 94 appearances for Ajax.
Fenerbahce beat Akhisar 3-1 in the Turkish Super Lig on Sunday. Robin van Persie scored the opening goal of the game. But the Dutch striker was forced off with an eye injury.
Jake Taylor gives Exeter the lead with a close-range finish. Danny Hylton equalises for Luton with a header in the second half. Exeter goalkeeper Bobby Olejnik made a fine save to keep out Jack Marriott's header.
All of the tracks are untitled, save for the date they were recorded. Strangely, its appearance seems to have been prompted by basketball star LeBron James. The sportsman tweeted Lamar's record label boss Anthony Tiffith following the rapper's incendiary Grammy Award performance. Tiffith replied he would think about
More than two million people are expected to visit the festival, which runs from now until 11 February. The biggest of the sculptures is a Star Wars themed spectacle.
Head of Manchester's city centre regeneration to receive pay rise of 20%. Seven other senior bosses could earn pay rises of about 7%. Taxpayers' Alliance said people wanted to see lower council tax rates.
Liberal MP Mauril Belanger started the initiative with Bill C-210. Mr Belanger is sick with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, and uses a computer with a voice generator because he can no longer speak. Other countries have changed their national anthem lyrics to make them more inclusive.
Larry Nassar, 53, is accused by more than 60 former patients and athletes of sexual abuse during pelvic procedures. He is facing separate federal charges for possession of child pornography. Mr Nassar was fired in September after working for decades as a doctor for gymnasts at Michigan State University, as well as
Alice Wheeldon was found guilty of a poison plot against David Lloyd George in 1917. Since her death in 1919, a campaign has emerged to clear her name. Her former home is being marked with a plaque in a ceremony organised by Derby Civic Society and the city council. Mrs Wheeldon, a mother
David Thomas, 50, and his son Stephen, 17, from Swindon were among those who died. Nigel Hooker, 63, from Southampton, Salford-born Jack Slater, 76, and Katie Taylor, 29, also died. All five of the victims were on the open, upper deck of the boat, but were
The previous record was held by Morgan Pressel. Ko shot eight birdies in a final round of 63 to finish on 16 under par.
The 22-year-old joined Gelsenkirchen on a season-long loan in August. Bentaleb has agreed a four-year deal with the Bundesliga side.
Jason Taylor, 21, of Lostock Hall, denied murder but was found guilty. He was ordered to serve a minimum of 25 years at Preston Court. Mr Wilson died as a result of catastrophic bleeding from a stab wound in his thigh.
Raith Rovers goalkeeper Kevin Cuthbert saves a penalty from Tony Andreu. Lewis Toshney is sent off for Dundee United in the second half. Rudi Skacel hits the bar for Raith in the 0-0 draw.
Net profit at Germany's biggest lender fell 98% to 20m (£16.7m), compared with 796m for the same period in 2015. Chief executive John Cryan said: "We will need to be yet more ambitious in the timing and intensity of our restructuring"
Home Retail Group said that like-for-like sales at Argos fell 1.1% in the eight weeks to 27 February, compared to a fall of 2.2% in the previous quarter. The electrical and homeware retailer is being targeted by both Sainsbury's and South African retailer Steinhoff. Both companies have until
"The market for revolution" cannot clear if the army is willing to use overwhelming force. Armys control the "supply-side" of revolution. An independent, professional army will have appealing alternatives to bloodshed.
Singer has provided backing vocals for Stevie Wonder, Elton John, Josh Groban, Carole King, Robbie Williams and Rod Stewart. Most famously, she was due to be a featured singer on Michael Jackson's This Is It tour in 2009. Can be seen performing a spine-tingling duet with the
The Gran Fondo was in the city for the first time, giving riders the option of a 100 mile (160km) course or a shorter 37 mile (60km) route. Plymouth based cyclist Jonathan Tiernan-Locke, who is serving a two-year doping ban, was among the riders.
Katari Anuradha was shot and stabbed by at least three men wearing burkas. Her husband, who was with her, is in a critical condition with bullet and stab injuries.
PC Gareth Browning, 33, was on foot in Whitley, Reading on 30 November. He was hit by a black Mazda Aerosport driven by Luke Haywood, 28. Haywood admitted causing grievous bodily harm with intent and dangerous driving.
The incident took place as a yacht racing event was being held in the area. The man was brought ashore but died at the scene.
Alice Ruggles, 24, was found with her throat cut in her Gateshead flat. She had told police she felt "terrified" of ex-boyfriend Trimaan Dhillon. Mr Dhillon, a lance corporal in the Army, denies murder at Newcastle Crown Court.
The Nottingham Pram Company made pushchairs and perambulators from a factory. All the items belonged to John Whitby, who ran the firm for 55 years. The 15 lots sold for £6,700, exceeding the expected price tag of £2,500.
Leighton Santos admitted causing David Hitchen's death through careless driving. The maximum sentence is five years, but this can be reduced by a guilty plea. Road safety charity Brake said there was a "need to see much tougher sentences"
Gloucestershire made 260 all out with Chris Dent hitting 100 off 111 balls. Johann Myburgh and James Hildreth added 87 for fourth wicket. Jamie Overton and Tim Groenewald put on 65 for last wicket to win.
Figures show more than 4,000 cases since 2013 where children have taken explicit pictures of themselves and sent them to others. It is illegal to possess, take or distribute sexual images of someone who is under 18, including of yourself. Greater Manchester Police recorded the highest number of child sexters with 695 cases looked into
Robert Boyd-Stevenson, 38, admitted a charge of making a bomb hoax. He texted security threats to a phone linked to Bristol Airport. Days earlier, the airport had been evacuated in a separate, unconnected bomb scare.
England claimed Australia's last five wickets for 44 runs on Friday morning. Ian Bell and Joe Root both scored 60 and Ben Stokes 42. Mark Wood's unbeaten 32 helped England reach 289 all out. Only two teams have successfully chased that many runs.
Ta'ai joined the Giants from New Zealand Warriors in September 2012. The 29-year-old was ever-present in the 2016 season.
Three devices from the two companies contain cells with 4,000 milliamp-hour (mAh) capacities. That is more than a third higher than the components used in Samsung and Apple's latest flagship phones.
Each 50g of processed meat per day increased the risk of cancer by 18%. Red meat is in Group 2A because the WHO says there is insufficient evidence to give a definitive ruling.
RMT members will walk out on 26 April and at the same time on 10 and 12 May. Union is against plans for a new grade of on-board supervisor. Govia Thameslink said there would be no job losses or cuts in salary.
He was shot as he drove to work on the M1 in County Armagh. New paramilitary group said it killed him "to protect and defend" republican prisoners.
Merkel says there are "many, many other questions" about the UK's exit from the EU. The UK proposal would grant EU migrants who have lived in the UK for five years a new "UK settled status" It would allow them to stay in the country and access health, education and other benefits
South Korean Kim birdied the par-four 18th to seal her second LPGA title this season. Becky Morgan finished tied 16th, with joint first-round leader Dame Laura Davies in a share of 43rd.
Rose Morelli, 17, said it was "hugely distressing" to see the photo of Alex Elliot on the leaflet. She and Alex chose the image after being moved by the case of US teenager Leelah Alcorn who took her own life in December. Italian law does not currently legislate against crimes motivated by
24-year-old became Britain's first champion in event's 17-year history in 2016. After winning gold in the season-opener in Switzerland earlier in April. Slovenia's Janja Garnbret won in Chongqing, China. Coxsey still leads Slovenia in the overall rankings.
The dairies operation, which processes and distributes milk, is being sold to Germany's Mueller for £80m. Dairy Crest processes and delivers around 1.3 billion litres of milk a year for retailers and homes. Muller said the deal would lead to lower costs and larger exports of dairy products made
Visa said physical stores saw sales drop at their fastest pace for over five years in May. Spending at hotels and restaurants rose at an annual rate of 3.3%. Visa figures show overall spending was 08% lower than in 2016, the first fall since September 2013.
Bob Walker was struck by the sliding doors when his crutch was trapped. Great Western Railway said it was investigating why the help he had arranged did not arrive. Disability charity Scope said families were facing significant barriers when using public transport across the country.
Coronation Fountain will be working on the 4 and 5 June and when the Olympic torch relay passes through the borough. Fountain was built to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne in 1952.
Tim Peake is due to blast off at 10:30 GMT on Tuesday. The former Army helicopter pilot will travel to the International Space Station. #BritinSpace and #Principia are all trending on Twitter ahead of the launch.
The 27-year-old Polish man was discovered at a property in Boston. Three men, who were arrested on Saturday in Larkspur Croft, were bailed on Monday.
Fernando Alonso became the only man to win three races so far this season. The Spaniard drove a controlled race and stayed just far enough ahead of his rivals to maintain the lead. Jenson Button was promoted to second place after race stewards gave Vettel a 20-second penalty for his overtake of Button.
Rivers burst their banks, destroying buildings and roads. More than 50cm (20in) of rain fell over a 12-hour period on Kyushu island. Rescuers are working through thick mud to try to reach stranded survivors.
The rise of the second screen, or companion device, was the topic of the moment. Broadcasters are looking for ways to harness this trend to keep viewers engaged. No eyeballs on your content leads to dwindling advertising income.
Defender Waddington and goalkeeper Davies were two of 11 players signed on one day by Killie manager Lee Clark. Both made two appearances for the Scottish Premiership club.
Seal wardens at Blakeney Point have recorded 180 more grey seal pups compared to last year. Coastal ranger predicts up to 1,800 pups could be born by the end of February. Seals have been breeding on the site since about 2001, when just 25 were recorded.
Government records dating back to the 17th Century show gibbons once widespread across half of China. The apes began to disappear about 150 years ago, corresponding with population growth. Today, China has between 26 and 28 Hainan gibbons left.
MPs approve the VAT rise by 321 to 246, a government majority of 75. Votes came during a lengthy debate on the bill, which enacts last month's Budget.
Party's economy spokesman Rhun ap Iorwerth warned of deeper problems. These include basic metals, chemicals and wood. Welsh government called on Westminster to address impact of high energy prices.
The plan will need to raise £1bn in the next 10 years. It is the first phase of the Manchester Life initiative. The homes will be rented out privately once built.
Liverpool are miles away from the level required to mount another title challenge. They are not good enough up front, especially up front. Their work rate is much lower than it was last season. Liverpool's defence was seen as their weakest link last term.
The world number one beat Waters 11-2 11-5 11-4 in just 24 minutes. In the men's event, Nick Matthew beat James Willstrop 11-2 6-11 11-3 11-3.
No one believes that Jeremy Corbyn himself tolerates discrimination against Jews. But on repeated occasions Labour has been slow and clumsy in closing down cases of anti-Semitism.
Frozen 2 will reunite director Chris Buck, writer Jennifer Lee and producer Peter Del Vecho. The studio did not name a release date.
The Women's Champions League final will be held at Wembley on May 13. Manchester City are yet to win the competition, while Birmingham are in their second final. The attendance is set to surpass the 32,912 that saw Arsenal Ladies beat Chelsea 1-0 in the 2016 final.
North Korea says it launched a satellite to survey the countryside. But critics believe the real purpose was to test a ballistic missile. The launch comes weeks after North Korea held a fourth nuclear test.
Liam Feeney put the Trotters ahead after David Jones was caught in possession. Andre Gray's double in 11 minutes gave Burnley an 18th league win of the season. Burnley are now one point clear of Hull City and Middlesbrough.
Liam Livingstone scores 63 not out for Lancashire on day three. Lancashire reach 311-8 at the close of play against Notts. Steven Mullaney takes 50th first-class wicket on his home ground.
Laura Muir won the one-mile event nine days after sealing Diamond League title in Zurich. Kenya's Olympic 800m champion David Rudisha held off Ireland's Mark English for victory in the 500m. James Dasaolu won the 100m in a photo finish with fellow Briton Chijindu U
Dorothy Cruickshank was one of six people taken to hospital after the crash. The 66-year-old was a passenger in a Volkswagen Passat which collided with a Peugeot 207. Her family said: "We'll be lost without her"
Dog poo is dangerous because it contains high levels of bacteria. If it gets into water it can be very bad for bathers' health. Survey by The Marine Conservation Society - across 335 UK beaches.
John Terry will miss Chelsea's final two games of the season. The defender was sent off for the second time this campaign. Terry is out of contract with Chelsea at the end of the current season.
The men, from Cambridgeshire, Essex, Kent, London, West Midlands and Northern Ireland, were convicted of conspiracy to burgle. They were described as some of the gang's "generals", who helped plan and oversee a string of offences. Jurors heard exhibits stolen in Durham and
Campaigning for the October general election began on Sunday in Tanzania. In Uganda, President Museveni and his National Resistance Movement are getting ready to battle it out with the opposition. While in Kenya, elections are still two years away, but it already feels like campaign season has begun.
They were conceived in 1944 at a conference in Bretton Woods, in the US state of New Hampshire. The IMF aims to preserve economic stability and to tackle financial crises.
Everton fan Michael Cullen swims the English Channel to raise money for hospice. He has now raised more than £53,000 for Woodlands Hospice in Liverpool. Everton lost the FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United 2-1.
Arsenal beat Aston Villa 2-0 in the FA Cup final at Wembley. Tim Sherwood's side were outclassed by the Gunners. Villa boss says his players "need to learn how to be winners"
Glasgow lost 43-41 on aggregate to Edinburgh in the 1872 Cup final. The Warriors could have led by more than 11-9 at half-time. Townsend will take over as Scotland head coach after the southern hemisphere tour.
Fairfield was founded in 1864 by William Elder, a talented marine engineer. Yard was part of a local industry which directly employed 70,000 workers in 19 yards. By 1967 receivers were called in and it looked as if the end had come for Fairfield. Sean Connery made a documentary about problems besetting the yard
Adele Bellis, then 22, lost an ear, is now partially bald and was left with "life-changing" permanent scarring. The attack was ordered by her ex-boyfriend Anthony Riley, 27, Ipswich Crown Court was told. Jason Harrison, 39, admits the attack and said Mr Riley promised to reduce a
Tottenham beat Arsenal 2-1 in the north London derby on Saturday. Harry Kane scored both goals as Spurs came from behind to win. The 21-year-old has scored 22 goals in 34 matches this season. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said England should select Kane.
Top seed was hampered by an ankle knock at the start of the second set. But he fought back from 5-3 behind to win in straight sets. The Scot now faces eighth seed Gilles Simon in the quarter-finals.
Andre Cassagnes came up with the idea for the mechanical toy in the late 1950s while working as an electrical technician. Picked by the Ohio Art Company at a toy fair in 1959, Etch A Sketch went on to sell more than 100 million copies.
Green Investment Bank could be sold off by the government. Business Secretary Sajid Javid said the bank could be privatised. It is unclear how much of the GIB the government might sell. The bank has invested about £2bn of public money in about 50 projects.
The first of six phone charging boxes was unveiled on Tottenham Court Road this week. The service is free to use although users will be shown adverts as they wait for their phone to charge.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its flagship Note 7 phone after reports of overheating. Owners will be offered the choice of getting all their money back or swapping for an older, smaller-screened Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge phone. But several questions remain unanswered.
Chris Denning admitted indecent assaults on men and boys and inciting boys aged under 16 and 14 to commit acts of gross indecency. The 75-year-old, from London, denied three other offences. He was arrested in a police inquiry into the Walton Hop Disco for teenagers. Denning
Nasa's Curiosity rover has been on Mars for three years. It is currently climbing through what is known as Mount Sharp. Scientists want to understand when and how Mars became so barren.
Owen Roberts died of hospital-induced pneumonia. Nine of 31 allegations against Cardiff and Vale University Health Board upheld. Ms Clwyd maintained she would be 'vindicated'
The teenager was taken to Southmead hospital with knife wounds. But he died of his injuries. Two 19-year-old men have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Ofsted says it has found evidence of children being taught in squalid conditions. Anyone running illegal schools could face a jail term of up to 51 weeks. Ministers are also consulting on plans for more regulation of places teaching.
Vote focused on proposed £140m plan backed by £50m from businessman Sir Ian Wood. New proposals from Independent Alliance Group were backed by 22, with 20 against and one abstention.
Lt Cdr Malcolm Wanklyn spent part of his childhood at Knockinaam Lodge. A plaque is being put on the property as part of a wider project. He is considered to be "the most successful submarine commander of World War Two"
Messi and his father are accused of defrauding Spain of more than 4m (£3.1m; $5m) They deny any wrongdoing. Prosecutors allege that Jorge Messi avoided paying tax on his son's earnings.
Holders Hibernian or Hearts will host the winners of another replay. Celtic will entertain St Mirren and Partick Thistle travel to Aberdeen. Rangers host the winner of the replay between Hamilton Academical and Dunfermline Athletic.
St Helens Clinical Commissioning Group is facing £12.5m funding gap. It is also suggesting a two-year suspension of IVF services for under 37s. The BMA called the move "unacceptable"
Gen Petraeus resigned as CIA director in 2012 following an extramarital affair. It later emerged he had shared classified material with her. He served as a senior officer under Presidents Bush and Obama.
Taiwan is leading a movement that has turned traditional Buddhism on its head. Focus now is on what the Taiwanese call "humanistic Buddhism" - caring for others and for society. It returns Buddhists to the core principles of Buddhism - speaking good words, thinking good thoughts and doing good deeds.
The garden at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales has been designed to help children recover from treatment. It includes seating areas, a maze and play equipment. A therapy zone includes sloping floors and artificial grass so children can receive physiotherapy in the fresh air.
Research shows one in five Welsh mothers breastfeed for less than a month. Public Health Wales said some were'shamed' into persevering. It said babies not receiving enough milk were at risk of jaundice, hypoglycemia and dehydration.
Fatima Elomar, 31, was intercepted at Sydney Airport in May last year. Cash, camouflage gear and medical supplies were found in her luggage. She pleaded guilty to supporting incursions into a foreign state. Mohamed Elomar travelled to Syria and then Iraq in 2013 to fight with so-called Islamic State (
Finance ministers have endorsed the move, which is to be completed by the end of the summer. Plans for a single EU list of "non-cooperative jurisdictions" have been blocked in the past by conflicting national interests.
The 28-year-old joined Celtic from Ashdod in 2012. He has played 51 times for his country. The defender has fallen out of favour at Celtic this season.
Environment department said anyone who injures, kills or disturbs Arctic Terns could face prosecution. Spokesman said three walkers with dogs were seen "attacking" the birds with sticks and stones last weekend.
The Dow Jones was up 16.5 points to 18,533, the S&P 500 gained 5.15 points to 2,166.8, while the Nasdaq rose 26.1 to 5055.7 points. Bank of America shares rose 3.3% despite a 19% drop in quarterly profits, which still beat expectations. Technology stocks also
News comes as MPs prepare to debate stripping him of his knighthood. BHS, sold by Sir Philip last year, subsequently collapsed with 11,000 jobs lost and a £571m pension deficit. Sir Philip has vowed several times to sort out the pension problem.
Prop Jerry Yanuyanutawa and flanker Tyrone Holmes are also leaving. Hooker Kevin Bryce will join Edinburgh from Glasgow Warriors. Nakarawa was man-of-the-match in last season's Pro12 final.
Patel took 102 wickets in all formats for Nottinghamshire in 2016. The 36-year-old also took 69 wickets in the Championship. Patel has been recalled for New Zealand's Test tour of India.
There has been an overall increase of 53% in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 years. Dr Anna Gavin, who led the research, said the health system needs to prepare itself.
Former field marshal, three generals and six admirals say loss of Ark Royal and its fleet of Harrier jets has damaged Britain's defence capabilities. They say Britain can no longer mount amphibious operations without putting troops' lives at "considerable risk"
The team have picked an area in the Indian Ocean because the earth's crust is thinner there than in other places. They hope to find out if anything can survive the heat and pressure to live down there.
Research led by the University of Virginia says we are not good at recreational thought. The study involved shutting people away with no distractions and then quizzing them. 18 of 42 people chose to give themselves mild electric shocks when left alone for 15 minutes. Some UK researchers have questioned aspects of the study, including
Girl was attacked in Jenkins Dale area of Chatham on 4 April. Dog was shot by firearms officers and she is still in hospital. Man and teenager arrested on suspicion of Dangerous Dogs Act offences.
A pedestrian was killed when he was hit by a car on the A22 Caterham bypass. Police say a man in his 20s was stabbed in an "altercation" with another man.
Slow-motion footage revealed the spiders used their silk draglines to stabilise their bodies and to brake, enabling them to land poised and ready to pounce on prey. The discovery could inspire new robot design, say Taiwanese scientists.
Back-row forwards Horstmann, Salvi and Atkins agree new deals. Six team-mates, including Phil Dollman, Michele Campagnaro and Olly Woodburn, signed new deals last week.
Slade said the precise details of the new structure were still to be agreed. Becchetti took control of former owner Barry Hearn's 90% stake in the club earlier this month.
Dimitri Payet was lively as West Ham beat Arsenal 2-0 on Sunday. Georginio Wijnaldum impressed on his Premier League debut for Newcastle. Andre Ayew scored a wonder goal on his Swansea debut against Chelsea. Jordan Ayew failed to make an impression on his Aston Villa debut.
34,000 homes could miss out on £91m set aside to mitigate effects of 'bedroom tax' Bertie Ahern says Arlene Foster and Martin McGuinness never gelled in ministerial role. SDLP leader Colum Eastwood says British and Irish governments should jointly run Northern Ireland if power-sharing collapses.
Domino's says pre-tax profits were up from £62.1m in 2014. E-commerce sales now account for 77.7% of all UK deliveries. 11.5 million people now have downloaded the company's app in total.
Osbourne has been without a club since leaving Blackpool at the end of last season. The 26-year-old could make his debut against Colchester on Saturday.
At least 19 people, including 2 Tunisians, killed in museum attack, PM says. Security forces kill 2 gunmen and are searching surrounding area for accomplices. At least 22 tourists and 2 Tunisian citizens injured, according to reports. Attack is huge blow for Tunisia's tourism industry and its government
Murphy said the party had been "stretched to the limits" by former partners in government, the DUP.
Third-termism is already making a comeback in Burundi, Burkina Faso and the Democratic Republic of Congo. President Obama's renewed engagement with Africa began late in his presidency, amid accusations he was playing catch-up with China. He bounded down the stairs from Air Force One in Nairobi, and the video
40-year-old suffered chest and pelvic injuries in crash on 12 May. His condition was described as stable on 16 May and he was moved out of intensive care.
British Transport Police said there had been a 19% rise, from 108 incidents in 2014 to 128 last year. They said longer evenings and the summer holidays "spell danger" for young people. Almost 170 young people have died in 10 years in the UK after trespassing.
Woods, 41, is recovering from a fourth back operation since April 2014. He was breathalysed in Florida in May after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. American denied alcohol was involved and said it was down to "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medication" Woods has not won a tournament anywhere
The Syrian military said it would abide by a 48-hour ceasefire starting from 01:00 Thursday (22:01 GMT Wednesday) The US and Russia brokered a nationwide cessation of hostilities in February. The agreement does not include so-called Islamic State nor al-Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front. Dozens of people were reported to
The Europa League last 32 draw takes place at 11:00 GMT on Friday. Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal all in pot one of the draw. Liverpool, Everton and Tottenham are unseeded.
Kieran Ridley, 32, denies setting fire to a bin in his home in Lochaber. His lawyers argue he was not criminally responsible due to mental disorder. The High Court in Edinburgh heard 11 people were in the house at the time.
The row has exposed deep divisions within Hollande's ruling Socialist Party. Many believe the president has veered dangerously to the right in his reaction to Paris. The problem arose from a promise by Mr Hollande to strip terrorists of French nationality.
The pledge may be funded by a tax on airship sales and aircraft repairs. The party said it wanted to work with health companies to provide the free products.
Police were called to reports of an explosion at a shop in Cumbernauld. Local people reported seeing men trying to remove the cash machine. It is believed they left the scene in an Audi car.
The Co-op was the only firm which missed a deadline to split out the extra charges. Around 120,000 customers received quotations that were unclear. From 1 February, the Co-operative will provide two separate quotations.
Pistorius shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013. He said he mistook her for a burglar, while prosecutors argued that he shot her after a row at his upmarket home in the capital, Pretoria. Judge Thokozile Masipa acquitted him of both premeditated murder and the lesser murder
Russia's foreign minister says U.S. has broken promise to separate moderate rebels. Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, formerly known as al-Nusra Front, is linked to al-Qaeda. Lavrov says Russia is helping President Assad's forces to "fight terrorists"
Slide on Cancer in Londonderry was organised by Cancer Research UK as a fundraiser. Participants launch themselves onto the slide at the top of the street and finish at Shipquay Gate.
Environmental issue has dominated the current session of the Chinese parliament. Premier Li Keqiang called pollution a blight on people's lives. Environmental protection minister had praised the documentary. But having initially praised it, China's communist leaders now seem to have banned it.
Four masked men forced their way into the house in Dunraven Avenue. Two remained with the man while the other two searched the house. The gang left a short time later without taking anything from the property.
Brandon Hanlan gave Bromley a seventh-minute lead. Fejiri Okenabirhie slotted into an empty net after the visitors failed to clear. There were few clear-cut chances after the break until the 88th minute.
Report identifies 16,500 children who were at "high risk of sexual exploitation" in 2010-11. David Cameron told the House of Commons the report was "extremely disturbing" and should be studied carefully.
Mr Murray will step down later this month after four years in the role. Mr Gillies joined Edrington as a non-executive director earlier this year.
The pound jumped by 0.85%, or more than one euro cent, to 1.4072. However, against the dollar the pound was down 0.26% at $1.5783.
Mullah Mansour was named as the new leader after Mullah Omar's death. A Taliban spokesman said he had not been appointed by all Taliban. The 30-minute recording was released to journalists on Saturday.
19-year-old produced a spell of 5-3 in 19 balls as six Glamorgan wickets fell in the last 13 overs of day one. Ben Cox's aggressive 93 off 99 balls was the mainstay of Worcestershire's innings. Ed Barnard (60) and Tongue (41) led the lower-order resistance.
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Lower School, Kempston, last December. Brian Wright, 55, told Luton Crown Court he had been blinded by the setting sun. He accepted he had struck Mrs Blackburn but denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
Clint Dempsey has been undergoing medical evaluations since last month. The USA captain returned to training with Seattle on Wednesday. Seattle general manager Garth Lagerwey says Dempsey's health comes first.
Paul Gallihawk, 34, disappeared during a 750m open water swim on Saturday. He was reported missing after failing to collect his bike from the lake. A two-day search for the Maidstone man ended when his body was found. His JustGiving page has since raised over £12,500 - more than 4,000
Barcelona have paid a tax bill of 13,550,830.56 euros. The Spanish champions insisted they had not committed any offence. Barca paid £48.6m for Neymar in the summer with his parents receiving £34m.
Report shows G20 nations accounted for 95% of the investment in the sector. UK ranked seventh in the world, with $9.4bn of investment in 2011.
The 18th Century road bridge is expected to take up to 12-months to repair. The county council said an alternative option had been found using land owned by the town and district councils. It said it hoped the bridge would be in place "within weeks"
Scarborough Athletic FC played in its home town for the first time since 2007. The Sea Dogs lost 4-1 against Sheffield United XI in front of a sell-out 2,000 crowd. Chairman Trevor Bull said: "It is also a massive day for our town" The club was formed after Scarborough FC went out of business
Evaldas Vaicekauskas was arrested after Border Force officers intercepted a package from China that he had bought on eBay. The 23-year-old claimed he had no intention of selling on the weapons.
Christoph Mueller said he was leaving due to "changing personal circumstance" He took up his role in May 2015 to oversee a $1.56bn turnaround plan. Airline has already begun to look for a new chief executive.
The man, in his 30s, was found lying on the ground in Dedridge, Livingston. He had sustained a "significant" head injury, police said. The man remains in a stable condition in hospital.
Hughie Maughan appeared on Irish broadcaster RT's Dancing With The Stars. He was compared to Friends' Ross Geller after his spray tan fiasco.
On Friday his campaign backed away from his claim that he had been admitted to the prestigious US military academy at West Point. Mr Carson, however, continues to stand by his assertion that as a teenager he tried to stab a relative.
Adamu is alleged to have breached Fifa's code of ethics. The 62-year-old says he is unaware of the investigation. Adamu was banned from all football activity for three years in 2010.
Didi Akinyelure investigates why African art has become big business.
Dr Thomas Kitching is the Director of the Centre for the Study of the Universe at the University of Sheffield. His research focuses on the properties of dark matter. Dark matter is thought to make up around 70% of the universe.
The bill proposes up to a seven-year sentence or $25,000 fine for abusive messages. Human Rights Watch condemns the move as an attempt to muzzle free speech. There will be a public hearing on the bill before it can be passed.
FA cleared Mourinho of making discriminatory comments to Carneiro. But Dyke said the Portuguese'made a mistake' Heather Rabbatts said the governing body's reaction had been'seriously disappointing'
Boko Haram has been waging an insurgency since 2009 to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria. The group has claimed responsibility for a number of attacks against churches and other establishments since 2009.
He particularly likes visiting the Wilko store, sleeping on rugs and saying hello to customers. One lady even thought he was a statue as she passed him on the shelf!
At least four of the 150 people on board the dinghy fell into the water and drowned. A spokesman for Sea Watch said the attackers were attempting to steal the dinghy's engine. Italy's coast guard confirmed that Sea Watch had been involved in some of the nine rescue operations taking place on Friday.
Sergeant Peter Rayner, 34, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, was killed on Friday. The soldier was carrying out a patrol in the Nahr-e Saraj area of Helmand Province.
UKIP spent £2,956,737, Tories £2,980,815 and Lib Dems £1,580,575. Labour spent £1,027,339 and lost all but one of its 12 MEPs. Greens spent £534,249 on its campaign - 43p for each of its 1,255,573 votes
Forster replaces sacked James Coyle at Haven. General manager Amanda Hewer says appointment will lift everyone.
Interior minister says 15 people have been injured. Hotel lies on one of the capital's main roads, which authorities say is safe. Four cars and two motorbikes reportedly burnt out at the scene.
Mr Trump's 2018 budget blueprint reportedly includes a 37% spending cut for the State Department and US Agency for International Development (USAID) Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said his plan is "dead on arrival" Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the cuts would "probably not" pass Congress. More than 120 retired generals
The Bellandur lake in India's technology capital has been polluted by chemicals and sewage. IT professional Debasish Ghosh has been taking pictures of the lake of "harmful snowy froth"
A 49-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder. The pensioner died some time between Sunday and Monday. Extra patrols are taking place and witnesses are asked to come forward.
The World Para Athletics Championships take place from 4-13 August. Medals will feature distinctive disability sport equipment such as a prosthetic running leg and a throwing chair. The reverse of the medals will feature braille.
A further 24 shops have been closed down, while police have also arrested 186 alleged offenders. The Home Office said it was "encouraged" that so many retailers had been "denied the chance to profit from this reckless trade" However, the charity DrugWise said the ban had driven the market underground.
From the northern lights to noctilucent clouds, the range of subjects in this year's competition covers all things astronomical. Haitong Yu used a light-pollution filter and stacked multiple frames to show the Milky Way above the city light. Prisca Law's image shows a busy city
stocks of Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, eBay and Zynga were all listed at $123.47. Nasdaq blamed the erroneous use of test data, and said the situation had been fixed.
Neil Trotter admitted taking pictures of women at Waverley Station and Glasgow's Buchanan Galleries. A sheriff told the 54-year-old, from Falkirk, that "women should be able to walk without fear" in public places. He was also placed on the sex offenders register for 10 years.
Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) are used in air conditioning and refrigeration. They were introduced to limit damage to the ozone layer. HFCs are the fastest growing greenhouse gases. An amendment to the Montreal Protocol is expected to be agreed in Kigali. Nations are divided over the speed and
EE said it planned to deploy such a network in a UK rural area this year. The drones can stay airborne for up to an hour at a time and the "helikite" balloons for several weeks. Google is developing a network of huge balloons to provide connectivity to rural areas.
Wales beat France 28-9 in their Six Nations opener on Friday night. They then face England at Twickenham on 12 March. Wales are chasing their fifth Six Nations Championship since 2005.
Cameron accused Suliman Gani of backing Islamic State as he questioned Sadiq Khan's judgement in sharing a platform with him. Mr Gani has said claims he backs IS are defamatory and must be retracted. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon apologised for making similar claims.
Crofters have been working with Perth-based Kilmac Construction on the wind farm. The development involves installing turbines between Ose and Struan at Allt Dughaill on Skye.
Repeal bill is not expected to be debated by MPs until the Autumn. But it will need to be passed by the time the UK leaves the EU in March 2019. Scottish and Welsh governments have to give "legislative consent" to the bill. First ministers Nicola Sturgeon and Carwyn Jones
Uber launched in China in 2014 and competes against the country's largest taxi app Didi Kuaidi. Uber is available in more than 40 cities in China. It announced last year that it would expand into 100 Chinese cities over the next 12 months.
LL Camps in Bushey, Hertfordshire, was closed by Ofsted last week. Director Ben Lewis has been charged with possessing indecent images of children. Following the closure, parents vented their anger on the firm's Facebook page. But camp co-founder Tal Landsman has now said refunds will be issued
Alvarez beat Khan to retain his WBC middleweight title. The Mexican says he will fight at 160lb, no problem. Golovkin holds the WBA and IBF belts.
Mr McKnight was alone in the two-seater aircraft when it crashed. He was taken to the Ulster Hospital in Dundonald where he was pronounced dead.
Tom Finney has died at the age of 89. The Preston legend won 76 caps for England. Finney played in three World Cups between 1950 and 1958. He is sixth on England's all-time scoring list with 30 goals.
Verheydt had been with Maastricht since 2015. The 25-year-old scored 13 goals in 43 appearances in all competitions last season.
Rizwan Akhtar is considered an ally of army chief Gen Raheel Sharif. As head of paramilitary Rangers force in Karachi he launched major operation. He replaces Lt-Gen Zaheerul Islam who is scheduled to retire in October.
Gino Asquith was born on 9 November 2014, but died three days later. His mother, Sarah Ellis, had been sent home from the hospital two days earlier. She was seen by eight medics before having an emergency caesarean. Coroner said there had been four missed chances to provide medical input.
The Banking Commission wants the government to "electrify" the fence so banks won't try to "game" the rules. That means regulators have the power to fully break up a bank if it does not follow the ring-fence proposals. The bank reforms will go before Parliament early next year
Man fatally injured outside a property on Daniel Hill Terrace, Upperthorpe. Neighbours said man was either in, or close to, a black Mercedes car. He was taken to Northern General Hospital but died from his injuries.
The 60-year-old man was scuba diving at Agincourt Reef in Far North Queensland. He was seen to be in trouble and was helped to the surface but could not be revived. Two French tourists died while snorkelling on the reef at Michaelmas Cay on Wednesday.
Scientists found a single dose of the protein Hi1a worked on lab rats. They said it showed "great promise as a future stroke treatment" But it had not yet been tested in human trials.
Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service would get a £44m purpose-built complex. The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) would also be allocated about £20m to refurbish its existing training facilities.
Mountain rescue team called to Yr Elen, in the Carneddau range, on Saturday. Man flown to hospital with rib and back injuries.
Guyana Blind Cricket Association is based outside the capital, Georgetown. The sport uses a hollow plastic ball filled with iron beads to rattle players to its location. One of four female players on the team, Schemona Trinidad is determined to reach the top.
Three years ago, rugby league legend Andy Johnson and his wife Alex received the news that their son was diagnosed with Duchenne's Muscular Dystrophy. Doctors predict their energetic little boy, who is now aged seven, will be in a wheelchair by the age of 12. Former Wigan Warriors star Johnson, who
Wanda Campbell, 43, was jailed for three years earlier this month. She was also ordered to pay compensation of £110,000. Her appeal against that sentence and the conviction will be heard in Edinburgh.
Swimmer has been sponsored by Ralph Lauren, Syneron-Candela and Speedo. It comes after Lochte lied about being robbed at gunpoint by a policeman in Rio. The 12-time Olympic medalist has earned millions of dollars through endorsements.
Lancashire's loss to Warwickshire meant Hampshire needed to win. They declared on 245-9 to leave Durham 296 from 78 overs for victory. Mark Stoneman (137) and Scott Borthwick (88) excelled for Durham.
Middlesbrough were the busiest Premier League club in July. A total of eight new signings were made at the Riverside Stadium. Karanka wants to bolster his central defence ahead of the new season.
City Quays 3 has a proposed cost of £46m and will be 16-storeys tall. With a target completion date of late 2019, it will provide Grade A space for 3,000 staff. The harbour said it will support 600 jobs during its construction phase.
Claire's horse Rolled Oats clipped his shoulder, flinging her from the saddle into a nearby tree. The fall broke her neck, back and ribs and left her paralysed from the chest down. Claire first saw the "robot legs", or ReWalk bionic walking device, while researching her condition on the
Jail officials failed to address a 'dramatic increase' in suicides, it said. Report said 'deplorable' conditions violated a ban on cruel and unusual punishment. But the sheriff's office said it was 'disappointed' the report 'fails to fully recognise' improvements.
Austin Grant from Sheffield had been dubious about the suitability of South Yorkshire's climate. The 62-year-old grandfather was 'literally jumping for joy' when he saw the results.
Nalbandian kicked out at an advertising panel. The sign broke and cut the leg of a line judge. He was disqualified and the match was awarded to his opponent Marin Cilic.
Team Sky's road captain broke a rib in a crash on the opening stage. But Rowe finished the race as lanterne rouge, an honour for the rider in last place on general classification. Rowe ended the race four hours, 35 minutes and 52 seconds behind Froome.
The ancient berry is from the same family of plants as potatoes, tomatoes and peppers. It was found in the Patagonia area of Argentina and researchers are hoping to find lots more plant fossils there.
Caixinha took over on Monday after Graeme Murty left the club. Accies held Rangers to a 1-1 draw in the opening Scottish Premiership game of the season. They then suffered a 6-0 beating there in this month's Scottish Cup quarter-final.
Steven Finn recalled over Jake Ball for third Test at Edgbaston. Ben Stokes also in line for recall after calf injury at Old Trafford. Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq refuses to name his squad.
The IXV could provide Europe with a re-useable orbital transportation system. It blasted off on a Vega rocket from South America just after 13:40 GMT. The test data could also inform future Mars landing technologies.
The opening of the primary and secondary schools, in the Castel, has been delayed by a year. Chief Minister Jonathan Le Tocq said putting the decision back by a month would not cause further delays. He said the time would be used to ensure points raised had been answered.
Papaconstantinou was finance minister at the time of the scandal. He was accused of doctoring a document, but the charge was reduced to a misdemeanour. The new government of Alexis Tsipras has promised to crack down on tax evasion.
Dr Christopher Davies works for the Royal Berkshire Hospital. He said a matron purchased the item for £22.95 from Homebase instead. A hospital spokesperson said the quote was reviewed and "firmly rejected"
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny found guilty of embezzling timber. Navalny, who led anti-corruption campaign, sentenced to five years in jail. The 37-year-old was arrested last year on suspicion of embezzlement.
Woman in her 70s was making breakfast when Jason Batchelor attacked her. The 46-year-old told police he had "messed up" when he was arrested. He was convicted at Croydon Crown Court of rape, attempted rape and sexual assault.
In 2013 a working group recommended eligible couples should be offered up to three cycles. But that would only be after health boards had reduced IVF waiting times. Infertility Network UK said it was a 'no-brainer' there should now be three cycles as waiting times have fallen.
Royal College of Emergency Medicine's weekly report provides snapshot of performance. It covers more than 40 hospital trusts - one in five of the total. Report suggests just over 86% of patients were seen and dealt with in four hours.
New tram stop at Exchange Square due to open before Christmas. Second City Crossing will link St Peter's Square with Victoria station. It is expected to be completed by 2017.
The cost of EpiPens in the US has risen by 500% in less than a decade. Mylan said the generic version would be identical to the branded EpiPen. Allergy sufferers often have several pens - one to keep at home, one to work.
Kell Brook will have an operation on his eye on Monday. The 30-year-old was stopped in the fifth round by world champion Golovkin. It was Brook's first defeat in his 37th professional fight.
The British Heart Foundation announced last week it was pulling out. However the council says it is "pulling out the stops" to ensure the fundraiser goes ahead. The Save the Children charity has also announced it could "take up the baton"
Alan Pardew says Crystal Palace received no bids for Yannick Bolasie. The 26-year-old was linked with Tottenham in the summer. Pardew admits that the former Bristol City man could end up leaving the Eagles.
Michael Gove said British fishermen would not have the capacity to land all of the fish in British territorial waters. He said access would therefore be granted to vessels from other countries. The Danish fishing industry is currently highly-dependent on fish caught in UK territory.
The critically ill soldier has been airlifted to a hospital in Delhi. He is expected to have a stormy course in the next 24 to 48 hours. The avalanche hit a military post on the northern side of the glacier.
It is the second estimate for GDP growth from the Office for National Statistics. It was a slowdown from the 0.7% rate in the second quarter. Still marked the 11th consecutive quarter of growth.
Oldham's match against Peterborough was called off after an inspection at 12:35 GMT. Part of the pitch at Sportsdirect.com Park was still frozen. There has been no announcement as to when the fixture will be rearranged.
Villagers described the attack as "shocking", "insane" and "a hideous act" Three men arrested on suspicion of causing an explosion with intent to endanger life.
The 27-year-old woman was attacked at about 20:00 on 20 February. She was walking along a path between Byres Road and Glenmalloch Place in Elderslie. Police said three men seen in the area may have seen the suspect.
Police chief Justine Curran has asked head teachers to consider holiday requests. Humberside officers will be policing the Commonwealth Games and Nato Summit.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared from near a farmhouse in 1991. The site, which is 750m from where he was last seen, is close to where officers started digging last month. Officers are working on the theory that Konstantinos Barkas might be responsible for Ben's
Labour leader says election is a "clash of two visions", not a clash of two nations. Tories say Labour "can't get a majority without the SNP" Labour former Scottish first minister Henry McLeish says Miliband may have little choice.
Former New York Giants team-mates Osi Umenyiora and Jason Bell give tips. American football can be played at adult,university and junior levels. There is no formal competition structure in the UK for adapted American football.
Mark Jones, 45, of Cwmbran, Torfaen, fractured Amelia Jones's skull. He denied murder but was convicted at Newport Crown Court on Thursday. Jones was jailed for life and jailed for four years after admitting perverting the course of justice.
Barrow beat Taunton Town 2-1 in their FA Cup first round replay. Ed Palmer scored a superb free-kick to level the scores. But Ryan Yates' cross appeared to be deflected into his own net. Josh Searle scored an own goal to put Barrow back in front.
Colin Ingram will play for Adelaide Strikers in Big Bash T20 competition. Ingram was Most Valuable Player in domestic T20 Blast in 2016. The 32-year-old left-hander will play limited-overs cricket for Glamorgan.
Sir Charlie Bean is reviewing how official statistics are collected. His initial findings are due on Wednesday. PCS union said it would "strongly oppose" transferring work from Newport.
Thousands of Yazidis have been driven from their homeland in Iraq by Islamic State. Many are now living in refugee camps, contemplating another winter under canvas. Others have given up on the idea of returning home, and have sought asylum abroad.
Australia reach 517-7 on day one of the first Test against India. Captain Michael Clarke retires on 60 with a back problem. But he returns to make 128 in Adelaide. Clarke helped carry the coffin of team-mate Phillip Hughes.
A footbridge has been the only general way to get to the platform since last summer. Great Western Railway said funding was in place for improving access. This is likely to mean a new bridge but work is not expected to start until next year. In the meantime the platform door would be open on some occasions
The attack began on Monday morning, but ended shortly after 21:00 local time. Ukrposhta reported on Facebook that the DDoS attack continued on Tuesday. This is not the first time that Ukraine's postal service has been targeted this year.
Born in 1925, the Rada-trained actor performed with the RSC. He also starred in the first production of Equus in 1973. His death was announced in a tweet by talent agency Conway van Gelder Grant.
Francesco Totti has signed a new contract at Roma until the end of the 2015-16 season. The 37-year-old has made over 500 appearances for the club since his debut in 1993. Totti is 47 goals away from becoming Serie A's all-time leading goalscorer.
Joe Root hits five sixes in 125 - his highest one-day international score. South Africa reach their target of 319 with 22 balls to spare. England lead the series 2-1 with two matches to play.
Only 11% of the chamber's members in Northern Ireland support a British exit. That compares to 30% of those surveyed in the rest of the UK. The results come on the eve of crunch Brussels talks.
London Fire Brigade put out the flames and cleared up the fuel spillage. No passengers were on board and the driver had left the bus. The cause of the fire is not yet known.
Supermarket Morrisons is charging £2.64 for a 250g jar of Marmite. First price rise since row between Tesco and manufacturer Unilever. Sterling has lost a fifth of its value since the UK voted to leave the EU.
The Reid Building will house Glasgow School of Art's design department. Designed by Steven Holl, it sits on the opposite side of Rennie Mackintosh's famous 1909 landmark.
Scottish MEP Gordon Smith urged the EU to respect the will of Scotland. He said: "We will need cool heads and warm hearts. But please, remember this: Scotland, did not let you down" After his short address he received a standing ovation.
Sangakkara was given a guard of honour by India's fielders. He ends his 134-Test career with 12,400 runs at an average of 57.40. Sri Lanka ended day four at the P Sara Oval on 72-2 with Angelo Mathews unbeaten on 23.
There has been damage to property but no injuries. Forecasters have indicated that it will be dry and bright for most of Scotland by Wednesday afternoon.
The aid package, worth 500m euros (£365m), was announced at a meeting of EU farm ministers. But there will be no increase in the milk intervention price, a key demand of Northern Ireland's dairy industry. The commission said raising the price was not the "appropriate policy" and would not
Rangers drew 0-0 with Hearts at Ibrox. Alfredo Morelos had a goal disallowed. Bruno Alves' header was also cleared off the line. Rangers have now dropped five points in consecutive home games.
Otters were declared extinct on the Japanese islands in August 2012. Dr Takahiro Murakami, who will lead the Japanese visit to Scotland, has never seen otters in the wild.
Rotary International peace fellows spend three months in Thailand. They learn about conflict analysis tools and storytelling. The group also meets local people to form bonds.
UKIP candidate for Eastleigh Patricia Culligan made the comments on Twitter. She was referring to Paul Childs who revealed he was HIV positive last week. In a follow-up tweet she said she "sincerely" apologised for "any totally unintended offence"
Dani Alves will leave Barcelona at the end of the season. The Brazilian has won six La Liga titles and four Copa del Reys. Barca will exercise a buy-back option to sign Denis Suarez from Villarreal.
The entire rocket and its satellite payload were destroyed in an explosion. The launch schedule will now be put on hold, perhaps for many weeks. Most of the backlog is made up of commercial payloads.
British police have completed their review of the murders of Hannah Witheridge and David Miller. Metropolitan Police officers flew out to work with Thai police last month. Zaw Lin and Win Zaw Htun, both migrant workers from Myanmar, are alleged to have confessed to killings.
Warwickshire and Hampshire draw in County Championship match. Varun Chopra scores 119 not out to guide visitors to safety. Tim Ambrose forced to use a runner after suffering a leg injury.
Lord Hain said being represented by people who live outside the country was "insulting" UKIP's assembly group leader AM Neil Hamilton lives in Wiltshire.
The Tories are vulnerable to claims their plans would hit millions of people. They will not give out the details of how their plans will actually work.
The 54-year-old led the team to three drivers' and constructors' championship doubles in a row from 2014 to 2016. He will be replaced by former Ferrari technical director James Allison, whose deal was signed some months ago, sources say.
Stanley knife went missing at HMP Northumberland two weeks ago. Napo, which represents probation workers, said no lock-down or search was ordered. It comes a week after concerns were raised about safety in the prison.
Ray Dare died when his bike and a van were involved in a collision. He had belonged to the Surrey-based Kingston Phoenix Road Club for more than 60 years.
Andrew Apperley, 38, from Eastbourne, was reported missing on 17 February. He failed to return to his hotel four days after going to a Full Moon party. His body was found four days later on the island of Koh Samui.
The club will be known as Arsenal, and say they will use the 'Women' title only when "official clarity" is needed. Arsenal are the fourth top-tier side to carry the "Women' name"
Police given more time to question a 21-year-old male arrested on suspicion of murder. The man was discovered in a wooded area near the Goodwyns housing estate in Dorking.
Francesca Dingley, 22, from north London, died in China last year. She had only been in China for five days when she died from carbon monoxide poisoning. Coroner recorded a narrative verdict at her inquest.
Tories' Charter for Budget Responsibility voted through by majority of 62. It would force future governments to run a budget surplus when economy grows. But 21 Labour MPs abstained, including former shadow ministers Tristram Hunt, Chis Leslie, Shabana Mahmood and Liz Kendall.
The West Indian Carnival in Leeds was launched in 1967. An exhibition recording its heritage is planned for the city's Tetley gallery. There will also be a week of new plays commemorating carnival at West Yorkshire Playhouse.
Wilson was an injury-time substitute for the Cherries in their 2-1 win at Aston Villa on Saturday. The 24-year-old missed six months of the club's first Premier League campaign with medial knee ligament damage.
Muhanad Mahmoud al-Farekh was deported from Pakistan. He and two others travelled to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan from Winnipeg, Canada, where they were students.
Brighton wore black armbands to pay tribute to Matt Grimstone and Jacob Schilt, two victims of the Shoreham air crash. Ipswich and Brighton had both made unbeaten starts to the league campaign. Bobby Zamora came on as a late substitute for his first appearance since re-joining Brighton this summer.
Cash machine and van found after raid on Central England Co-operative. Owner of nearby business WB Motors said front of shop has been torn down. He said CCTV images from his forecourt would probably identify the culprits.
Dr Rose Polge, 25, was found off Portland Bill, Dorset, in April. Her sister has set up a fundraising campaign to help 'prevent such a tragedy' More than £4,000 has been raised for Mind and Dartmoor Search and Rescue. Dr Polge's car and hoodie were found near
Scotland's five mountain resorts have attracted 373,782 customers since November. The ski season is estimated to have attracted £37.5m into the local economy. Fresh snow on the slopes, CairnGorm Mountain expects skiing during the first weekend of June.
Jean McConville, 37, was abducted, shot and secretly buried in 1972. She was wrongly accused of being an informer for the British Army. Her body was found on a beach in County Louth in 2003. Sinn Fein president was questioned for four days over the murder. He was
The model of the fearsome predator will be given away free of charge. It has been owned by the museum since 2000, but has been languishing in its store. Potential venues will require a clear floor space of 1.6m by 1.2m (5.2ft by 3.9ft)
Four-month-old Eli Cox was found at an address in Minster, Sheppey. He died in hospital on 27 April, Kent Police said. Katherine Cox, 32, and Danny Shepherd, 25, both of Millfield Road, Faversham, appeared at Medway Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Mr Poots made the comments on the BBC's Nolan Live on Wednesday night. He said: "We have peace in Northern Ireland, so we'll hold our noses and do business with you"
Kayleigh Haywood, from Measham in Leicestershire, was found dead last November. Stephen Beadman, 29, admitted raping and murdering the teenager. Luke Harlow, 27, also pleaded guilty to sexual grooming and sexual activity with a child. Both men deny a charge of false imprisonment at Nottingham Crown Court.
The 21-year-old has progressed through Wigan's youth system. Tierney is the son of former England dual-code international Jason Robinson.
Orangemen and women from around Ireland attended the event. The parade made its way along the rural coastal setting into the centre. Families with young children gathered at vantage points along the route.
Wales has a system of government where a number of things are in the hands of elected assembly members. The last assembly election took place in 2016 and the next one is pegged for 2021. Broadly, things that are not devolved include foreign affairs, benefits, the armed forces, big energy projects, the Severn
Redknapp has signed David Stockdale, Marc Roberts and Cheikh N'Doye this summer. Ravel Morrison and Simeon Slavchev are still on trial with the club. Birmingham have just two centre-backs going into the opening game of the Championship season at Ipswich.
Blackpool take the lead through Jamille Matt after 12 minutes. Kurtis Guthrie equalises for Colchester on the stroke of half-time. Sean Murray is shown a straight red for a bad tackle in injury time.
30 countries meet in Brussels to discuss global steel glut. China rejects suggestions it subsidised its loss-making steel companies. UK Steel director: "Time is a luxury we don't have"
PC Gavin Smith, who appeared on Channel 5's Police Interceptors, died from cancer aged 34. He joined Durham Police in 2004 and was described as 'one of those characters who just put everybody at ease'
Nearly 79% of premises in Wales are capable of receiving super-fast internet. The take-up is 77% - 6% higher than in Scotland and 8% above Northern Ireland. But Wales had the lowest availability of 4G services across the UK.
More than 1,700 people are employed in the division, which has factories in Rotherham and Stocksbridge. Steel union Community said it welcomed news of negotiations following "months of unnecessary stress" Tata sold its long-products division, based in Scunthorpe, to a UK-based investment firm in April.
Machynlleth is one of three areas in Powys deemed to need a travellers' site. Powys council officers will be on hand to provide information and answer questions. People will be able to provide comments formally on the proposed development.
woodpeckers damaged part of the spire at St Mary's Church in Epsom. A grant of £78,000 was awarded from the Lottery Heritage Fund. The cedar parts will be replaced with oak, which will be treated to stop the insects infestation.
At a campaign rally, he called the South Carolina senator an "idiot" and then told the crowd to try the number. His rivals are becoming increasingly frustrated as Mr Trump continues to dominate the media coverage of the crowded Republican race.
As many as seven million Americans who do not already have health insurance are eligible to purchase coverage in the coming months. The online health insurance marketplaces struggled to meet higher than expected demand on Tuesday. Users also reported errors while trying to create accounts and site crashes on the websites.
Police received a report of a suspicious device at the back of business premises. Dunluce Street was cordoned off and part of the street was closed. Army bomb experts declared it a hoax device.
In 2010, US figures suggested that "distraction by a device or control integral to the vehicle was reported in 26,000 crashes"
Two representatives from South Africa's ANC will also be attending. The two sides in the decades-old conflict have been holding peace talks since 2012. An estimated 220,000 people have been killed in the conflict since the 1960s.
It is believed the man was locked out of his flat when he became stuck. Fire and ambulance crews lifted him off the fence at about 02:30 BST. He was taken to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire.
Adam Lyth hit two sixes and 13 fours in his 116 not out. Andrew Gale's 61 was his highest score of the season. Yorkshire closed day three on 207-3, 60 behind.
About 20 people were evacuated from their homes after the crash. Sleat's Ford Mondeo also damaged three cars in the village.
Ken Morley is accused of using racist language and being sexist. The 71-year-old has also been warned over sexually suggestive comments. His son Roger posted an apology on Facebook for his father's behaviour.
The pipe supplies Staleen Water Treatment Plant in County Louth. Irish Water said parts to repair the main arrived on site on Wednesday. Water rationing remains in place across counties Louth and Meath.
Two men stole cash from the till at a shop in Antrim Road, Belfast. One robber lunged at the female assistant with a knife. Both staff members were left very badly shaken by the incident.
The election will take place at the party's annual conference in November. Dr McDonnell has faced calls to stand down from a number of party grandees.
Cumbernauld has been compared to Kabul and described as a rabbit warren on stilts. Now an online poll has seen it top a public vote for civic pride.
Two men from Douglas and a 32-year-old man from Liverpool were arrested. They are suspected of being involved in the "importation and onward supply" of the Class B drug.
Huw Irranca-Davies quit the Labour frontbench on Wednesday. He said the party was facing a "huge challenge" at next year's assembly elections. The former Wales Office and DEFRA minister said he intends to play a constructive role.
Sorenstam captaining Europe for the first time at the Solheim Cup next year. She also discusses prospects of Bronte Law, who is turning professional. Hull is ranked 16 in the world and won the LPGA Tour Championship last month. Law is leaving the University of California, Los Angeles to turn
Glasgow-based firm had hoped to use the money to help fund the expansion of its Bluetooth tracker, Xupo. The tracking sensor helps people find misplaced personal items. Peter Jones had offered the investment for 30% equity of the business.
There were loud cheers in the capital, Dhaka, as lights came back in phases. The blackout was the country's worst since a 2007 cyclone knocked out the national grid. Authorities blamed the incident on the failure of a transmission line.
Nine of the organisation's 14 board members resigned on Monday. At least 10 employees have made complaints about working practices. Ms N Chuiln said it had been important to "act swiftly and decisively" She added that she was introducing measures to "address the concerns raised"
New system will start in July 2016 and have a fixed budget of £340m. No patients receiving drugs on the old Cancer Drugs Fund will have their medication stopped. At present, the CDF can choose to pay for innovative drugs the health watchdog, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence,
Sean Mitchell, 46, inflicted four stab wounds on Stephen Dagg, 53. Mitchell had previously banned Mr Dagg from his premises. Lincoln Crown Court heard there was a history of hostility between the men.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, left home in February. Families are not identifying which of the girls have married. Tasnime Akunjee, who represents the families, says it 'does not bode well'
Arsene Wenger was sent to the stands during Arsenal's 2-1 win over Burnley. The 67-year-old reacted angrily to Burnley being awarded a 93rd-minute penalty. He was charged with verbally abusing and pushing fourth official Anthony Taylor.
They were taken from Osterley Park House in Twickenham, south-west London. The pieces have images of Russian ruler Catherine the Great. They were made between 1770 and 1775.
Winterbourne View, near Bristol, had 38 safeguarding alerts from 2006-11. Only one in five of those was reported to the NHS. Report's author Margaret Flynn said owners Castlebeck took 'financial reward without responsibility' South Gloucestershire Council said it 'fully accepted' the findings.
Ben Wright leaves Glamorgan after five years at the county. Wright has a batting average of 27.08 from 89 first-class matches.
Raffaele Sollecito and Amanda Knox were convicted of murder in 2009. They spent four years in jail before their conviction was overturned in 2011. In March 2015, Italy's highest court overturned the pair's final conviction. Ms Knox, residing in the US, also had her conviction overturned
Danny Willett became the first Englishman since Nick Faldo in 1996 to win. Defending champion Spieth, 22, had a quadruple-bogey seven on the par-three 12th. The American had become the first man to lead the Masters for seven straight rounds.
Botswana's Isaac Makwala was denied entry to the 400m final. The 30-year-old questioned how officials could know he was ill, without tests. Tuesday's race was won by Olympic champion Wayde Van Niekerk. Makwala: "I feel this has been a waste of money
Alvaro Negredo nodded home the winner for Middlesbrough in the second half. Andrew Surman was sent off for the visitors after 79 minutes. Middlesbrough's win was their first in the league since 21 August.
Lord Bannside has an array of memorabilia from the Home Rule crisis. There are antiquarian books signed by his political hero, Sir Edward Carson. The former first minister tells me he has had it in his possession for 50 years.
The 27-year-old has made 73 appearances for Blues since joining in 2013. Last season, the once-capped Scotland international helped Hibernian win promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
Raids took place on Sunday and Monday in Brussels and Flemish Brabant and Liege. Police seized military clothing and computer equipment in the raids, but no weapons or explosives. Several of the perpetrators are thought to have been based in Belgium.
Prime Minister faced cries of "coward" and "shame on you" during meeting. Mrs May pledged £5m of support, housing guarantees and help with cash. Earlier on Friday, she spent almost an hour speaking to patients at hospital. Comes a day after she faced criticism for meeting firefighters but
Chase was mid-way through a four-year deal at the end of this season. The 29-year-old had already been granted a free transfer by Salford.
Loganair will continue to operate the route from 26 March. The UK Government will contribute 50% of the total funds. Dundee City Council will provide £400,000 of funding.
The changes will see the workforce drop by 85,000, from 135,000 to 50,000. Anglo will also suspend dividend payments for a year, and consolidate from six to three businesses.
The 25-year-old was hit by the motorbike after several riders came down in a crash. He was taken to hospital in Lille but died some time later. A French police inquiry is under way.
The 23-year-old made his international debut for Ireland in the Six Nations game against England at Twickenham in February. McCloskey still had a year remaining on his previous contract. "I grew up in Ulster and it was always a dream to wear the jersey," he said.
Osiris-Rex blasted away from Florida on an Atlas rocket at 19:05 local time. It will be seven years before it returns to Earth with its bounty. This will be delivered in a capsule that will be parachuted down to the Utah desert.
Judge said woman should not have brought child to UK until family court in Japan had resolved a dispute she was having with her estranged husband. The man and woman split in 2013 after marrying nine years ago. They had reached an agreement about sharing care of their son after mediation in Japan.
A black Citroen came off the promenade in Rhos-on-Sea, Conwy county. It went down a grassy slope and through iron railings before rolling on to rocks. Two adults and a teenager were taken to hospital.
The bodies were found by a herder looking for his animals near the Somali border. Kenya's security forces deny charges they have been killing ethnic Somalis. Residents of ethnic Somali-dominated districts in the region have accused security agencies of being behind the arrest and disappearance of youths.
267,000 people live in Vanuatu, spread over 65 small islands. Cyclone Pam has destroyed schools and medical clinics.
Keith Vaz says he will write to the prime minister to obtain the number. At least 216 Syrians have come to the UK under the government's scheme. David Cameron has promised to accept 20,000 refugees by 2020.
The charge is paid on top of fines, compensation orders and defendants' own legal charges. It is higher for those convicted after pleading not guilty. In March, then Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said it would ensure criminals "pay their way" But MPs said the charge, which is not means-tested,
Security expert Paul Moore first noticed the issue in March 2014. Asda said it had fixed the problem and no customers had been affected. Mr Moore advised users "to shop elsewhere" if they must continue shopping.
Andrew Barnes, 61, attacked Luke Down, 29, with a long-handled axe. Mr Down had been staying at Barnes's flat for free. Barnes claimed he had become violent and abusive towards Mr Down. The trigger for the attack was Mr Down's threat to claim squatter's rights
Oribe Peralta strikes from the 18-yard box after 32 seconds. Fabian Marco hits the Brazil crossbar before a completely unmarked Peralta heads his team's second goal. Brazil, also hoping to win gold for the first time, pulled a goal back through Hulk in injury-time.
Around a third of £1.3 billion worth of coins stored in piggy banks or saving jars around the UK are the current £1 style. The new style has been billed by the Royal Mint as "the most secure coin in the world" The round £1 will be legal tender alongside the new, more-secure coin
Lendl helped Murray win Olympic gold, the US Open and Wimbledon before they parted in March. The American could not commit to the amount of travelling required. Tomas Berdych, the world number seven from the Czech Republic, spoke last week about his wish to work with Lendl.
Woman, 20, said she was returning home from a night out when she was attacked. She said she passed out after being choked and woke to find a man on top of her. Steven Davidson, 23, of Newtongrange, Midlothian, denies rape.
Dick Advocaat quit Sunderland on Sunday with the Black Cats second-bottom of the Premier League and winless in their opening eight games. Allardyce, 60, has been out of management since he left West Ham at the end of last season. He becomes the first person to manage both the Black
Ben Llewellin is the son of former rally champion David. The 22-year-old is aiming to win a Commonwealth shooting gold medal. Ben competes in Olympic skeet - one of the shotgun categories.
Mrs Clooney said IS had declared it will "destroy" the country's Yazidi ethnic group through murder, rape and forced conversions. The British-Lebanese human rights lawyer accused the UN of "inaction" She ended her speech to the UN by saying: "Don't let this be
Academies Enterprise Trust said falling numbers and impact on finances prompted decision. Sandown Bay Academy came out of special measures two years ago, but is still underperforming. Pupil numbers have fallen to fewer than 1,000 from 1,252 in 2012.
Six of the accused come from Syria, a seventh from Libya. They arrived in Germany between 2014 and 2016, say German media reports. The alleged ringleader, a 21-year-old Syrian, will be charged as an adult. He now says he was drunk and cannot remember what happened.
referendum on whether the UK stays in the EU will be held before 2018. A number of cabinet ministers are thought to favour an out vote. Mr Cameron has said he rules nothing out if he does not get what he wants.
Brendan Dassey was convicted of murdering Teresa Halbach in 2005. He confessed to helping his uncle, Steven Avery, rape, kill and mutilate Ms Halbach. In 2016, a judge overturned his conviction on the basis his confession was coerced. But Dassey remains in jail, facing the possibility of
Crowd-funding campaign was set up to buy hacking tools. The tools were offered by cyber-security group the Shadow Brokers. Some critics warned that paying for access to tools could be illegal. One researcher behind the plan said it was being abandoned for 'legal reasons'
Jonathan Kodjia scored 20 goals in 52 games for Bristol City last season. The Ivory Coast international had also been the subject of interest from Derby County and Hull City. Villa had reached an agreement to sign Hull's Abel Hernandez but the move fell through.
Think tank Education Policy Institute produces league table of trusts. Former schools minister David Laws says successive governments have been 'in denial' about failing academies. Local Government Association says it shows academies are no "magic bullet" for improving schools.
The BBC destroyed many of the sci-fi drama's original transmission tapes. Many episodes were transferred on to film for sale to foreign broadcasters. The latest find means the number of missing episodes has dropped from 106 to 97.
rectifying "operational issues" at the airport would cost an extra £6m. But it reported strong profit growth at its US hubs, while its distribution arm was "delivering ahead of forecast"
Foreign secretary cancels trip to Moscow to attend G7 meeting in Italy. Russian foreign ministry says UK has no "real influence" over world events. SNP's Alex Salmond says Boris Johnson looks 'daft' and 'a buffoon' Labour's John McDonnell says foreign secretary should be in
Durham Constabulary wants children to see officers as people who can help. The force's poster has been shared more than 47,000 times. But the poster has divided opinion on Facebook.
Lord Janner was accused of abuse allegations during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. He was deemed unfit to stand trial in England because of dementia. The former MP has consistently denied all allegations against him.
Many Lincoln Ladies supporters were angered by the move. It will see the club playing their home games around 35 miles away. Lady Imps had an application to relocate blocked by the FA Women's Super League in 2012.
Secretary of State Villiers said violence in Belfast was 'completely unacceptable' She called on all political parties in Northern Ireland to resolve disputes over flag. Ten police officers were injured during a riot in east Belfast on Thursday.
The crash happened on the B1191 at Thornton, near Woodhall Spa. The tractor driver was not injured in the collision.
Couple have been vocal supporters of same-sex marriage equality campaign. Government has proposed holding a public vote on the issue in 2017. Mr Sasse: "I simply can't fathom on any level, whether it's moral or religious"
Kat Merchant and Emily Scarratt scored early tries for England before Rawina Everitt crossed for New Zealand. Further tries from Merchant and Roz Crowley put England 24-10 up before Selica Winiata crossed on half-time. Jo Watmore added a fifth try and Scarratt's boot did the rest
Bisphosphonates are used to prevent the loss of bone material. After five years, 1.96% of implants failed without the drug. Scientists say further studies are still needed.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was arrested a year ago after the bodies were found. In February she pleaded guilty to six counts of murder. A judge gave her the maximum sentence of at least 30 years and up to life in prison. Police said she put the bodies in plastic bags and packed them in boxes
"Trojan Horse has not gone away," says head of Birmingham school. Sarah Hewitt-Clarkson tells conference of threats against teachers. She says dismembered cats and dogs have been left in school playgrounds. But Nicky Morgan says: "There is no place for extremism in our schools"
Dean Bowditch opened the scoring for the hosts after 16 minutes from close range. Ryan Colclough thundered a shot against the crossbar before defender George Williams nodded his first Dons goal via a post in the 24th minute. Ben Reeves cut inside in the 66th minute to restore the two-goal
"Golden Rice" has been developed to combat vitamin A deficiency. A group of 400 protestors attacked the field trial in the Bicol region. They broke through the security and uprooted all the GM plants. Scientists say they are determined to go ahead with the project.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has turned down the opportunity to join Manchester City. The England international had been linked with a move to the Etihad Stadium. Delph had signed a new four-and-a-half year contract with Villa in January.
Watchdog said there were too few doctors who could treat patients at night. North Middlesex University Hospital said it was 'extremely sorry' The unit saw 22 serious incidents in the past year, CQC said.
Bailey, 16, was stabbed during a fight with a fellow pupil at Cults Academy. The schoolboy's killer is serving nine years for culpable homicide.
Ryan began experimenting with drugs when he was 12, initially because he was curious. At the age of 20 he says he discovered God and quit drugs. Aged 24 he launched a catering company called Regis Banqueting. Today the 13-year-old business has blue-chip clients including Bentley.
Urdu is being included in the title of an official university degree. From September, it will offer the language to students reading international business and politics. About 100 million people speak it in the world, including 400,000 in the UK.
Russia claims Turkey is biggest buyer of "stolen" oil from Syria and Iraq. Deputy Defence Minister Anatoly Antonov said Turkey had no right to "slander" Russia and Turkey have been locked in an angry dispute since Turkey shot down a Russian jet last month.
Senior officers have been encouraging fans to still engage with police. Leicestershire Police said posing for selfies with armed officers was'safe' They have had an 'amazingly positive response' from the public.
Herman Van Rompuy says talks will be tough but hopefully of mutual benefit. He described the UK's decision to leave the EU as a "political amputation" EU leaders are meeting in Bratislava to discuss the bloc's future.
Samsung products hit by weak demand in China and currency woes. Sales also missed forecasts at 53tn won for the period.
More than 5,300 bottles of alcohol were seized by the investigators in the southern city of Liuzhou. They also found packets of a white powder called Sildenafil, better known as the anti-impotence Viagra drug.
Council said a backlog of waste would be cleared by the weekend. Only half of scheduled collections have taken place recently. Unite called pay inequality a "glaring pay inequality"
More than 15,600 bank account numbers and sort codes were stolen. 4% of TalkTalk customers have sensitive data at risk. Customers whose financial details were stolen have been contacted.
Lowry is five under par but still has four holes to play on Sunday. Andrew Landry is two shots behind with players catching up after storms. Lee Westwood is a shot back on two under, along with Dustin Johnson and Sergio Garcia.
The car took only 1.513 seconds to reach 100kph (62mph) It needed only 30m (98ft) of track to reach landmark speed.
Lt Col Benedict Tomkins, of Abbey Wood, near Bristol, is facing trial in the US. He allegedly attacked the woman in her hotel room in Kampala, Uganda. The woman told the court Mr Tomkins was "very aggressive" and "took control" It is the first-ever court martial which
Saracens drew 22-22 with Scarlets in the European Champions Cup. James Davies was slapped in the face by Saracens' Will Skelton. BBC pundit Brian Moore accused Davies of over-reacting.
Five engines broke off from the spaceship after blast off and crashed. Mr Bezos paid for a team to use advanced sonar scanning equipment. They were found 4,300 metres below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean.
Sculptures include a ten metre tall model of a high speed train. Organisers hope over two million people will visit from all over the country.
The Busy Twist are a Ghanaian duo based in London. They took to the streets of Accra to film passers-by. Inspired by highlife, reggae and dance sounds.
TV coverage showed hundreds of empty seats at Leicester City's third-round replay against Spurs. One supporter claimed the delays at the King Power Stadium were caused by ticketing problems. Leicester City FC has apologised and launched an investigation.
US economy added 215,000 jobs in July, while the unemployment rate held at a seven-year-low of 5.3%. Groupon fell 5.34% after the daily deals website reported disappointing revenue growth.
Kevin Pietersen is to undergo a're-integration' period before return to action. The batsman retired from one-day international cricket in May. He then scored centuries in each of his last two innings for England. But Pietersen became upset by a Twitter parody account.
Cancer Research UK said the findings were an important stepping-stone to new drugs for treating cancer. The international team looked at all 3 billion letters of people's genetic code. They uncovered 93 sets of instructions, or genes, that if mutated, can cause tumours.
Edinburgh University found chronic pain is caused partly by a person's genetic make-up. Team also identified significant overlaps between the risk factors for chronic pain and depression. Scientists hope research will help explain why some people suffer from condition and not others.
Chelsea won their first Premier League title in 2004-05 under Jose Mourinho. Didier Drogba led the attack, Claude Makelele reinvented the anchor man role and Frank Lampard was top-scored from midfield. Antonio Conte's 2016-17 side have wrapped up the title with two games to spare. But
University says it needs to reduce costs in line with its student numbers. Campaigners say London Met has "strong record" in educating disadvantaged groups. But the university says its costs are too high and needs to be cut.
Paul McMullen, Billy King and Mark Durnan scored for United. James Keatings was carried off after picking up an injury.
Glamorgan rested in-form South Africa batsman Colin Ingram. Kent keeper Adam Rouse, a late call-up for Sam Billings who suffered a hand injury in practice, needed treatment for a dislocated finger.
Joshua Dobby appeared at Bromley Magistrates' Court earlier charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving. Makayah McDermott and Rozanne Cooper died after the car crashed in Penge, south-east London on Wednesday. Three girls were also injured and remain in hospital. No application for bail was made during
Emily Gardner, 14, drowned when an ill-fitting buoyancy aid snagged on a speedboat. Parents Clive and Debbie Gardner set up Emily's Code to highlight safety issues. They said something as simple as checking a buoyancy aid or lifejacket fits properly could save a life.
Gueye joined Villa for £9m from Lille in July 2015. The midfielder played 35 times as Villa were relegated from the Premier League. Other interested clubs have until the end of July to make a bid.
Nigeria's women's Nations Cup winners are among the nominees for African Coach of the Year. Uganda's Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic is also up for the award. Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane is also nominated. The winners will be announced in Abuja
Lower Bristol Road in Bath closed after crash at 03:00 GMT. First says it will take a few hours for services to return to normal.
Pollock finished with a time of 65.53 in a race won by Shadrack Korir of Kenya. The 30-year-old was 32nd in the marathon at the Rio Olympics.
Hardliners are said to be opposed to a dialogue process only just agreed. Sheikh Ali Salman insisted now was the time for dialogue. He acknowledged that many young protesters had lost faith in main opposition parties.
Students at Riverheads High School were studying the Middle East. They were asked to trace a piece of Arabic calligraphy that translated to: "There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah" Some pupils refused the assignment and parents accused the teacher of indoctrination.
The former Barcelona and Ajax forward died of cancer, aged 68, on Thursday. His family say they will hold a private funeral for the three-time European Footballer of the Year. Figures from the world of football, Dutch politicians and royalty were among those to pay tribute.
Petra Kvitova is playing in only her second tournament since being stabbed by an intruder at her home in December. The two-time Wimbledon champion, 27, returned to last month's French Open, where she reached the second round. She will play fellow Czech Lucie Safarova in Saturday's semi-
The Loyalist Community Council has created the flag to commemorate the centenary of the World War One battle. It says the flag is supported by three paramilitary groups. Private benefactor has paid for the purchase of the flags.
Meeke won Sunday's penultimate stage to extend his lead to 37.2 seconds. The Northern Irishman's gamble of opting for hard compound tyres was crucial to his victory. Meeke's late mishap left him only seventh fastest on the final stage.
Robin Li was in the passenger seat when he made the video call. Footage shows another Baidu executive in the driver's seat with his hands off the steering wheel. Mr Li reportedly told his audience the vehicle was on autopilot.
He began broadcasting in the days of skiffle. Many of the most enduring acts in pop history kicked-started their careers. He introduced the Beatles and the Rolling Stones to a television audience.
The 25-year-old signed for Sale from Wigan Warriors in March. Charnley is the most high-profile switch since Sam Burgess' Bath move. Burgess' time in union only lasted a year.
Deputy Commissioner Hakrush will oversee policing in Arab communities where there is a longstanding distrust of the police. A fifth of Israel's population is Arab and they often complain that areas in which they live are not so well policed and have poorer public services.
Thatcher government closed Consett's steel works 36 years ago. Unemployment soared to 36% and made the national news. It sowed the seeds for the electoral wipe out the Conservatives would experience. Thatcher and "the Tories" remain dirty words to the former steel workers.
Iglesias was performing in Tijuana, Mexico when he reached for the drone. The 40-year-old sliced his fingers open when he tried to grab the camera. He performed for another 30 minutes before seeking further treatment.
Alan McQuillan said the current attitude to drugs was "creating a cash cow for organised crime" He said police needed to focus on paramilitaries as the source of the problem. The former policeman was taking part in a BBC Talkback discussion.
Peter O'Mahony captains the side in Rotorua, with tour skipper Sam Warburton on the replacements' bench. Maro Itoje starts at lock in an otherwise unchanged pack. "We need to keep the All Blacks guessing a little bit about what the final squad [for the first Test] may be,"
Charity spoke to one deaf person who had not had an interview in 16 years. Maggie Hampton of Fairwater, Cardiff, said she found it "very disheartening" 44,000 people, or 4% of Wales' population, are deaf or wear hearing aids.
Aaron Lewis, 26, was shot three times outside Anna Jungs in Wavertree. He was taken to Aintree Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. A 19-year-old man went to hospital with a gunshot wound to his upper body. His condition is not thought to be life-threatening
The United Nations bestowed the honorary title to the famed heroine on her 75th birthday on Friday. But the decision was not without controversy, sparking outrage among both UN members and women's rights advocates across the world. More than 1,000 of anonymous and "concerned" UN staff members have signed an online petition
Spencer Vaughan, 27, suffered spinal damage after hitting his head on a sand bar. He is seeking damages from the MoD for not warning about the dangers of diving into shallow waters. Mr Justice Davis will give his ruling at a later date.
Mr Abe described the 90-minute meeting in Trump Tower, New York, as "candid" Some of Mr Trump's campaign rhetoric cast doubt over long-standing US alliances. The US and Japan have been key allies since the end of World War Two.
This is the first European Championship to feature 24 teams. 23 of them were in contention for a place in the last 16 going into the last round of group games - the exception being Ukraine. There has been an average of 1.92 goals per game so far, only the second time it has been lower than
Tara Hudson, 26, from Bath, was jailed at the all-male HMP Bristol for 12 weeks after admitting assault. Her supporters claim it has placed her in danger of sexual violence. More than 110,000 people have signed a petition calling for her to be moved.
The car became submerged in the water at Stanborough Park, Welwyn Garden City. The man was taken to hospital but discharged later in the day.
The BBC Micro had 128KB of memory, to equal the same as an average smartphone today! The Apple Newton was one of the first touch screen tablet devices made by Apple, and was released in 1993.
The 22-year-old helped Southend win promotion out of League Two last season. He spent the first half of this season back on loan at the Shrimpers, scoring five goals in 28 matches.
Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston will star in a TV series based on short stories. The 10-part series will be produced by Sony Pictures Television. Other writers on the project include Doctor Who's Matthew Graham. Filming is expected to begin early next year.
Seven-year-old girl is being treated at King's College Hospital in London. Police say a firearm has been recovered, but would not confirm relationship. Body of man was found in a car parked outside a house in the Spring Hill area.
Bill Palmer, from Southampton, married his wife Sheila, 85, in June 2014. Shortly afterwards she fell and was taken into a nursing home. Mr Palmer phoned the BBC Radio Solent programme on Wednesday. He said: "Every day is hell. I feel so alone" Alex Dyke immediately ordered a taxi
Banbury's Horton General has been trying "very hard" to recruit obstetricians. Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust has told Horton staff the plan could take effect from the end of September if it did not. Victoria Prentis, Banbury MP, said the "contingency" midwife plan was "
Rare mineral found beneath Treak Cliff Hill, near Castleton in the Peak District. The vein has been named the Ridley Vein after Gary Ridley, the miner who found it. He said he could not "believe his eyes" when he came across the Blue John.
The 28-year-old tested positive for a banned substance just days before heading to the Olympic Games. He claimed the result was orchestrated to stop him speaking out about politics in Indian sports. Singh is the second Rio-bound Indian athlete to fail a doping test. wrestler Narsingh Yadav, 26, last week
Study says there is no clear evidence of academic improvement for pupils using tablet devices. The study looked at a representative sample of 671 state and independent schools. Many pupils reported that they took an internet-connected device to bed to continue social media conversations.
Students are calling for the university to withdraw its investments entirely from fossil fuel corporations. They began their action following a winter graduation ceremony on Friday afternoon. The students claim they will "indefinitely" occupy the floor.
The 27-year-old had his contract cancelled by mutual consent on Thursday. Camara played 26 games and scored just once during his time at Derby. The Guinean is desperate to salvage what is left of his career at Guingamp.
The Londoner beat competition from the likes of Florence + The Machine, Wolf Alice and Supergrass star Gaz Coombes. "I don't know what to say," he said as he accepted the prize. He then broke down in tears as he dedicated his award to the victims of the Paris terror attacks
The suspect, a Zimbabwean national, was found in the Gugulethu township near Cape Town. He is due to be formally charged in court later on Thursday or Friday.
Kaczynski's Law and Justice party never accepted an inquiry that found the crash was an accident. The party, which was returned to power in elections last month, accuses Mr Tusk of negligence.
Cardiff City's accounts for the year ending May 2014 also show the Bluebirds owe around £174m. This was despite revenue increasing more than five fold to almost £80m. The club's annual report says support from Malaysian investors "will continue" as long as "the business develops as planned"
Unconscious man found on the Old Shoreham Road at the junction with Lancaster Road. It is believed he was hit by a vehicle which failed to stop. He has potentially life-threatening injuries, police said.
Former steelworker Kathleen Roberts said: "It breaks my heart that we haven't been recognised" The planned sculpture has been designed by artist Martin Jennings.
19-year-old went off injured in 1-1 draw with Plymouth Argyle. Nelson has played four games for Pools since joining in January.
Scotland's beaches are some of the best in the world, according to a recent survey. But the quality of the water is not without criticism.
Sexton suffered a suspected groin injury, before O'Connell was carried off at the end of the first half. There will also be fears that the outstanding Sean O'Brien could be facing a citing after he appeared to punch France lock Pascal Pape. Leading 9-6 at half-time, Rob Kearney'
Sean Buckley, 28, of Tonypandy, carried out a "deliberate and vicious" attack on Finley Thomas in September 2014. He claimed the boy had fallen down stairs. Finley was taken to University Hospital of Wales but died the next day. Buckley was also found guilty of child cruelty, a charge his
The 86-year-old first became prime minister in 1982, beginning a third spell as leader in 2014. In a televised address Mr Jugnauth said he was resigning in favour of a "younger and more dynamic leader" His son is currently finance minister.
Scientists in London create an artificial windpipe which was then coated in stem cells from the patient. Crucially, the technique does not need a donor, and there is no risk of the organ being rejected. The 36-year-old cancer patient is doing well a month after the operation.
The 24-year-old has spent the last three years with Ironi Ashdod in Israel's Premier League. Oshaniwa played in all of Nigeria's matches at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Hearts are still awaiting international clearance for the left-back.
Azarenka only returned to tennis in June after giving birth to her son, Leo, in December. The 28-year-old said she could only play in the tournament "if I leave Leo behind" The Australian Open champion in 2012 and 2013 reached the final in New York.
Louis Thornton's body was found in his hotel room in Liverpool. The 26-year-old played for Douglas-based Corinthians. His death is not being treated as suspicious.
Artist William Mackrell draws the bumps and swerves on the No. 9 bus. Part of his residency for the Royal British Society of Sculptors.
Arnautovic opened the scoring with a penalty after Ashley Westwood brought down Phil Bardsley. He set up his second with a looping header which he then chested in. Leandro Bacuna's late goal gave Villa hope of an unlikely point. Stoke's second victory in succession moves them up two
WhatsApp and similar applications make it possible for news organisations to reach far-flung corners of the globe. Here are a few recent examples of how you have enhanced BBC News output by getting in touch via the app.
This year has seen extreme weather extremes in the UK. Climate change could lead to more frequent and severe weather events. Scientists say we need better climate models and more powerful computers.
Cambridge goalkeeper Chris Dunn saves brilliantly from Radamel Falcao and Angel Di Maria. Louis van Gaal's side fail to create any serious openings until the second half. Cambridge defender Josh Coulson scored the only goal of the game.
France said it was "worried about the continued worsening of the situation" On Saturday, Turkey began shelling the militia, which it says is linked to the banned Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) The fighters, the YPG militia based in Syria, have rejected Turkey's demand to leave areas it has seized.
Fire crews were called to a blaze in a second-floor property on George Street at about 05:15. Man's condition is not thought to be serious.
Thomas Baker, 44, was found badly injured at Stanley Meat Market in Liverpool. He had been shot in the head and chest and died later in hospital. Three men arrested - two aged 29 and the other 32 - remain in police custody.
Peterborough lost for the third successive time since their cup defeat. Tuesday's defeat kept Posh 12th in League One, eight points off play-off places.
Temporary closure notices were placed on the shellfish beds after high E.coli bacteria readings last week. Latest tests have showed satisfactory water quality levels. Closures remain in place in Devon at Slapton, Taw and Torridge and in Jersey.
The move has left a small portion of the Baku-Supsa oil pipeline under Russia's effective control. Russia has brushed off accusations about its role. Troops have been patrolling the administrative border since the 2008 Russian-Georgian war.
Problems in the school system run deep. Secularism is not the only sensitive issue. It is also difficult to teach colonial wars.
Ghana has not been affected by the epidemic in West Africa. The mission set up its headquarters in Accra in September last year. Most of the mission's staff and assets have been moved to Sierra Leone and Guinea.
A 15-year-old boy is rescued from the rubble of a Kathmandu building. He survived by drinking water from wet clothes and eating clarified butter. Elsewhere, a woman is pulled from a collapsed block where she was trapped. The government has been criticised for its response to the disaster.
Ruling means that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low-income individuals can continue. United Health Group was the best performer on the Dow Jones, up 2.7%.
South Shields will host Bridlington Town on 19 August. Match of the Day commentator Conor McNamara and former Manchester United striker Danny Webber will talk you through the action. A game from every stage of the 2017-18 tournament will be streamed live across BBC Sport's digital platforms.
Jonathan Calderwood is the head groundsman at Paris Saint-Germain. Calderwood grew up in Clough, County Antrim, in the north of Ireland. He worked his way through the ranks at clubs including Aston Villa and Wolves. His pitch will host Northern Ireland's game against Germany at Euro 2016
The Supreme Court has declared all actions of the assembly null and void. The three legislators say they agreed to leave the legislature to break the stand-off. Without the seats, the opposition loses a critical two-thirds majority.
A person claiming to be in a vehicle on the A414 called police at 08:30 BST. The lorry was found by Bedfordshire Police on the M1 in the afternoon. Six people are being held in custody.
Reading for pleasure more important than having a university-educated parent, study finds. Institute of Education examined the reading habits of 6,000 children.
Goodwin is accused of striking Aidan Connolly in the face with his elbow. The 32-year-old Irishman was not pulled up for the offence. Goodwin has until Wednesday to respond to the complaint. He was banned for two matches last season for elbowing Stuart Armstrong.
The Church of England broke a tradition 2,000 years ago when the three houses of the General Synod voted to allow women to be bishops. Since the days of Jesus and his 12 male apostles the Church has had exclusively male leaders. Women now constitute a third of the 11,000 Anglican priests.
Colin Gregg, 75, is said to have indecently assaulted four boys aged between 10 and 14 over three decades. Leeds Crown Court heard how Mr Gregg molested boys at his home, in his car and in a swimming pool. He denies nine counts of indecent assault.
Northstone showed a pre-tax profit of??6m on turnover of??239m. Its best-known trading business is the Farrans construction firm.
Kenya has increased its security budget this year by 24% to $1.7bn. Part of that money is meant to employ 10,000 more police officers. But not everyone can afford to pay for private security officers, and technology is a cheaper solution.
Ashton Carter, US defence secretary, said 90 people were being trained in a secure location. He said more fighters would begin training soon at sites in Jordan, Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. Nearly 4,000 fighters volunteered for the programme but only 400 were given places.
Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen are both in the second round of the French election. They have delivered a big blow to the long-dominant Socialists and conservative Republicans. What are the main differences between the two visions?
DJ Derek went missing last July aged 73 and his remains were found in March. His brother Gerald said his brother's fame "amused him" Bob Marley's One Love was played following the service.
Adam Lanza lived with his mother in a well-to-do neighbourhood of Newtown, Connecticut. He went on to Newtown High School, but made few friends. His aunt, Marsha Lanza, said he was "definitely the challenge to the family in that house"
Anna O'Flanagan, Katie Mullan and Zoe Wilson scored for Ireland. Ireland now turn their focus to World League 3 and the Eurohockey Championships this summer.
Man suffered serious neck injuries after falling from low roof at hospital. Care Quality Commission brought prosecution against Southern Health. Trust pleaded guilty to failing to provide safe care and treatment.
Two men in their 20s arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm. Operation was not linked to fatal police shooting in Luton earlier in the day. Residents were warned by armed police to stay inside their homes.
After another set of economic figures stronger than expected, is this economic pain cancelled, or simply postponed? On that central issue rests the fate of the government's economic policy. The rate of inflation is increasing as the value of sterling declines. Jobs are being moved out of the UK and on to the continent
Lib Dem Jane Dodds said UKIP lacked "care and compassion" on such issues. UKIP's Caroline Jones said people were "fed up to the back teeth"
The 25-year-old Canadian lost to Federer in three sets in last year's final. But Raonic produced an impressive display on Sunday to clinch his eighth tour title. The Brisbane tournament helps players prepare for the Australian Open.
Mansfield Town 3, Morecambe 1. Danny Rose scored twice for Stags to inflict sixth successive defeat on home side. Paul Mullin scored for Shrimps.
The 29-year-old suffered head and body injuries in the incident in Kilmarnock. Police do not know whether the pair, who were wearing dark clothing, were male or female.
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties in Scottish Cup semi-final. Celtic captain Scott Brown missed a penalty in the shootout. Andy Halliday impressed for Rangers, according to Barry Ferguson.
Newport sacked manager Graham Westley on Monday. The Exiles are 11 points adrift at the bottom of League Two. Mike Flynn will be caretaker manager until the end of the season.
Janice Farman, originally from Clydebank, was killed at her home in front of her son. Three men have appeared in court in connection with her murder. Her parents said they heard about her death through social media. They said they were unable to attend her funeral due to ill health.
Research suggests voters will not know any of the candidates. Recognition highest in Scotland where 47% can name local representative. Satisfaction with work of councils highest in North East England. But less than one in three people are happy with their local authority.
Russian Defence Ministry offers Clarkson a job on its own TV station. "This is the end of Top Gear as we know it," Jan Micka exclaimed on the Czech website Auto.cz. Italian journalist Federico Garimberti recalled: "Like it or not, a BBC that shows Clarkson the door demonstrates that
Asif Khan worked at Oldknow Academy in Birmingham. National College of Teaching and Leadership heard allegations against him in November. Professional Conduct Panel has said it did not find the case proven. Oldknow was one of several schools investigated amid claims of Muslim hardliners' plot to control them.
Davies has spent time at eight clubs including Nottingham Forest, Yeovil and Peterborough. The 32-year-old earned his only cap for Wales in 2006.
In the UK, 820,000 people have dementia, and this figure is set to double by 2030. Even modest exercise may improve memory, experts say.
Ben Hall, 25, was found hanged in his bathroom on a ward in Braddan in June 2012. Coroner John Needham said his suicide could have been avoided had the hospital fitted a collapsible shower rail. Unsafe rails at the hospital have since been replaced.
Sue Markham said her daughter, 18, received "no help whatsoever" after arriving at Kathmandu airport. She said she hoped to fly back to the UK on Monday or Tuesday. Foreign and Commonwealth Office said it was looking into her case.
British number one Johanna Konta faces Puerto Rican Monica Puig. British number two Heather Watson starts against Annika Beck. Laura Robson has drawn Australian Open champion Angelique Kerber. Media playback is not supported on this device.
France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen said the French must now also have the right to choose. Geert Wilders said the Netherlands deserved a "Nexit" vote. Analysts say EU politicians will fear a domino effect from Brexit.
Border Force officers found 19 Albanians and one Syrian hidden in a trailer. Driver Marek Niedzwiecki was jailed for five years at Newcastle Crown Court. Accomplices Ferdinand Gjolla and Armando Mekolli were jailed for eight and three years respectively.
The Haka means "fierce dance" and was traditionally performed by the Maoris before going into battle. Prince Harry is currently on a week-long tour of New Zealand.
Scottish obesity levels, currently 30%, are projected to rise to 40% by 2030. The Stirling University academics behind the report called for a "retail revolution" Scottish Grocers' Federation said the report failed to take account of efforts already being made to promote healthy eating.
Glasgow club said the employee, who is now dead, had worked at Partick for two years. When the alleged abuse was raised in 1992, he was dismissed "with immediate effect" Police Scotland and the Scottish Football Association have been informed.
Hardcore-laden lorries arrived at the weekend in the Hovefields area of Wickford. Basildon Council said it is aware of "an alleged breach of planning laws" Essex Police said it was investigating a criminal damage report involving the fence.
Hong Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa, already owns the Three mobile network. The move could face tough scrutiny from competition regulators. It would reduce the number of major operators in the UK from four to three.
Wales face Samoa and Tonga this summer. Warren Gatland and Rob Howley will coach the British and Irish Lions. Gatland will name his Lions squad on 19 April.
The project was the result of a joint study by two researchers at ETH Zurich University. They hope the technology could eventually be used to save lives.
Paul Good, 53, and Darryl Shellard, 45, both from Liverpool were convicted of fraud and jailed for eight and seven years each. One businessman even lost his home as a result of the scam.
Nine families have been resettled in Aberdeenshire in the past few weeks. Faith groups have set up an account to allow people to donate money for essential items.
Here some of the best business leaders share their thoughts on running or setting up a business in 2016.
Alex Cheesman has made over 100 appearances for the Cornish Pirates. Club captain Morgan Morgan has amassed over 200 games for the club.
The trust that runs the hospital was put into administration by Monitor on Monday. A Monitor report published in February called for the closure of acute services including the A&E department.
Luke Bennett, 20, was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis four years ago. After medication and steroids failed to improve his condition, he had surgery. He said: "If you have surgery there's nothing really to worry about"
President Trump said Charlottesville's monument to Robert E Lee should be taken down. But George Washington was a slaveholder, and was the only founding president to liberate his slaves. He did not tolerate shirkers on his farm, even when they were pregnant, elderly or crippled.
Nottingham tram would also run to East Midlands Airport and HS2 station. The scheme is one of several 'priority projects' in devolution negotiations. timetable and costs of the project are not discussed in the document.
The deal needs to be ratified by 75 per cent of Newport RFC shareholders. It has already been approved by the WRU and the Dragons boards. The ground has been used by the Dragons regional side, Newport RFC and League Two football club Newport County.
The modern Beltane Fire Festival has run since 1988. This year's celebration included drummers, fire dancers, physical theatre.
Soldiers from two signals regiments and their families will be moving to Beacon Barracks. Developer Lovell, based in nearby Tamworth, is building 346 homes on sites in the area.
Joshua Brown was killed when his car collided with a lorry while in Autopilot mode. Tesla has stated Autopilot is only designed to assist drivers. NHSTA said driver should have been able to see the lorry for seven seconds.
Homosexual acts are illegal in Uganda. Gay people have faced physical attacks and social rejection. Earlier this year, a controversial anti-gay bill was tabled.
Conor Seeley was stopped on his way back from a Bulgarian 'lad's holiday' with a knuckle duster, stun device, extendable baton and pepper spray. A former lifeguard is hailed a hero after he rescued a man from drowning in the Six Mile Water river in Antrim. In the Lurgan Mail
Herath will continue at Test level and needs three more wickets to reach 300. The 38-year-old has taken 74 wickets in 71 one-day internationals. He is the only left-arm bowler to take nine wickets in a Test innings.
A 78-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving and failing to stop has been bailed. Police are trying to trace relatives of the victim, who is believed to be from eastern Europe.
Saudi Arabia says the law will have a negative impact on all nations. The kingdom denies any role in the attacks on the US in September 2001. 15 of the 19 hijackers that day were Saudi nationals.
Transocean Winner rig ran aground on Lewis while being towed to the Mediterranean. It was refloated and anchored at Broad Bay before being put on board the Hawk. The rig will be repaired and stripped of fittings in Malta before being taken to Turkey.
Reports say the couple were beaten to death by hundreds of locals. They then burned their bodies in the brick kiln where they worked. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif called the murders "an unacceptable crime"
Since 2014 Libya has had two rival parliaments - one in Tripoli and one in the east. UN envoy Bernardino Leon told a news conference that Fayez Sarraj would be nominated as prime minister. Several MPs on both sides of the divide have described the announcement as premature.
If you fancy keeping the whole thing a bit more spiritual this year, here are five ways to enjoy Christmas online. Everyday Church Online runs virtual services every Sunday for a net-based congregation from around the world. Guardians of Ancora is a free-to-play fantasy game available on Android, iPhone and
Lawrence Phillips, 40, was a star player at the University of Nebraska. He played for the St Louis Rams, Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers. After his NFL career, he continued to have problems with the law.
Deaths in police road traffic incidents rose by 11 to 32 - the biggest total in eight years. The six shootings included that of Westminster attacker Khalid Masood. Twenty-eight of the road traffic deaths were related to police pursuits of vehicles.
The BBC revealed in January it understood Adidas would terminate the deal as a direct result of the doping scandal sweeping the sport. The original 11-year agreement started in 2008. Adidas said the decision was mutual.
Ireland declared on 240-7 to leave the Dutch needing an unlikely 343 to win. Stephan Myburgh's 85 steadied the Dutch after Wesley Barresi suffered a duck. The result moved Ireland to the top of the Intercontinental Cup table.
Specialist troops had been deployed to deal with the intruder, police said. Earlier reports suggested a number of gunmen had entered Mr Ruto's home. The incident comes 10 days before Kenya holds presidential, legislative and regional elections.
Parts of the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean are up to 11 kilometres deep. A team has been sending down a robotic submarine with a camera on it. The three-month expedition is looking for things like fish, mud volcanoes and deep sea coral.
Singer died in April from an accidental overdose of the painkiller fentanyl. He did not leave a will and did not have any children. A judge has now ordered genetic tests to be carried out on six people. Four siblings or half-siblings, as well as two women believed to be a niece
Stuart Campbell was arrested in the west of England on Friday. He was released on bail and accused the media of "innuendo" He launched the Wings Over Scotland blog in 2011.
It had been reported that the energy drinks giant was considering a £200m offer for the Premier League club. Sullivan and Gold bought a majority stake in West Ham in 2010 in a deal that valued the club at £105m.
Revenue rose to $20.26bn (£14bn) between January and March, from $17.26bn a year earlier. But Alphabet's share price fell about 6% in after-hours trading.
Penman Engineering near Dumfries went into administration in November 2013. Hull-based Martin Williams Ltd took over the firm with just 14 employees. The number of employees at the time had fallen to just 14. Now the new owners say that number has risen to 67 and they hope to secure more work.
Julie Sayles, 59, is alleged to have persuaded Edith Negus to change her will. She also bought two houses with money she allegedly took from a joint bank account she shared with Mrs Negus. Ms Sayles denies fraud charges at Hull Crown Court.
Man airlifted to hospital after collision on an unnamed road in Tanlan, Fynnongroyw. The bus driver and passengers were not hurt.
Google Home is a speaker and assistant that launched in the US in November. It can answer basic queries as well as control smart home devices. The firm is also launching its own wi-fi service in the UK.
Afusat Saliu and her daughters were due to fly to Lagos on Thursday. The Home Office would not confirm whether deportation had been delayed. Ms Saliu fled Nigeria in 2011 after her stepmother threatened to subject Bassy to FGM.
Henry Reilly was UKIP's Northern Ireland candidate in last year's European elections. The Newry, Mourne and Down councillor was suspended from the party in September.
Trevor O'Neill was shot outside a supermarket in Majorca. His partner and three children, aged five, seven and 10, were with him. The shooting is understood to be linked to a feud between Irish gangs.
Zoo said it was hard to predict a specific date for any cub being born. This is the fifth time Tian Tian has been artificially inseminated. If a cub was born, it would be returned to China at the age of two.
David McGoldrick put Ipswich ahead midway through the first half. Freddie Sears raced clear to double the lead. Sears pounced late on to make it 3-0. The Latics are seven points from safety with six games remaining.
Ben Flower is banned for 10 games after punching Lance Hohaia in Grand Final. The suspension takes in 10 Super League games and a World Club Series match. Flower was sent off as St Helens beat Wigan Warriors 14-6 at Old Trafford.
Hungary will offer buses to those walking along the main motorway to Vienna. The buses would take people to Hegyeshalom, on the border with Austria. It was unclear whether migrants would be happy to get on the buses.
Victor Moses has not played a competitive game for Chelsea since 2011. The 24-year-old scored four goals in 23 appearances on loan at Stoke last season.
Millwall's Shaun Williams sent off after just 26 minutes. Coventry take advantage as John Fleck and Marcus Tudgay score. Millwall remain fifth in the play-off places.
Councils spent £4.67 billion between them last year - down £140m on 2013. Scottish government said the figures were wrong as some numbers were not directly comparable. Each council decides for itself just how much to spend on education.
Mr Weatherhogg, 43, was jailed last May after being found guilty by a jury. It is understood he will now be released from prison.
Irish President Michael D Higgins travelled to Thiepval in France. He was accompanied by the Irish minister for arts, heritage and the Gaeltacht, Heather Humphreys. Many people from the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland travelled for the event. The ceremony in Dublin began at 07:28 local time -
The 12 January fixture is the first time either side has played overseas during the regular season. Indiana lost in the first round of the play-offs last season, while the Nuggets failed to make it out of the Western Conference.
James Hennessy, as he insisted on being called, was born in 1959. Growing up, he loved fishing, racing pigeons and music. He was a proper Liverpool supporter and watched them at home and abroad. In 1980, when Jimmy was 20 and I was 21, our father passed away.
Calum Dyson double and first-half goal from Chris Clements saw the home side ease to their first win in five League Two games. Hayden White then saw red after bringing Tom Bolarinwa down in the box, with Dyson converting from the spot to secure the victory.
Somalia's president has declared war on the al-Qaeda-linked group. President Farmajo offered the militants an amnesty at the same time. The UN-backed government in Mogadishu has been fighting the militants for nearly a decade.
JCB confirmed it had ended its membership of the CBI, but did not give reasons why. Sky news had earlier reported that it was due to the group's response to the referendum outcome. JCB's chairman, Lord Bamford, was a prominent supporter of the Brexit campaign.
Demonstration came after the deaths of several helpers in recent months. They also called for a pay rise, a limit on working hours and better accommodation.
David Willey reduced Australia to 30-3 with the new ball. Australia recovered to post 299-7. Glenn Maxwell top-scored with 85 off 64 balls. Morgan anchored England's run-chase perfectly.
Millwall 0 Walsall 0: Lee Gregory volleyed over from inside the box. Florent Cuvelier long-range strike held by Jordan Archer. Substitute Aiden O'Brien fired over from long range.
Sean O'Driscoll will leave his role as England Under-19s head coach. Pep Lijnders joins the first-team coaching staff. Brendan Rodgers needed replacements after sackings of Colin Pascoe and Mike Marsh.
Samuel Jacob was born in Syria but lives in Pittsburgh, US. He recently got married but cannot be with his wife. Helen Honarpisheh is an Iranian citizen, but a permanent resident of the US. Her elderly parents live in Shiraz, Iran and were hoping to visit her.
Met Police said it had already recognised and publicised some of its findings. It is training more officers to use baton rounds and is considering buying three water cannon.
The Online Influence Conference 2015 is taking place in London this week. We asked some of the speakers what's going on in the digital marketing world. John Watton, Amanda Neylon and Dr Jonathan Deacon gave their views. Andrew Grill, global partner social business at IBM, also gave his view
The public vote, which is called a referendum, will happen on 23 June 2016. Here is Newsround's guide to what has been going on between the UK and the EU.
Domenico Masciopinto, 35, was jailed for 14 years in 2012 for drug dealing. From prison he told his now estranged wife Giulia, 37, to unearth cash. She has been jailed for nine months, while her mother and sister are also imprisoned.
Plant that typically colonised volcanoes in Japan was imported to Britain. It can crack tarmac, block drains, undermine foundations and invade homes. Five years ago, Environment Agency commissioned app to track Japanese knotweed. More than 20,000 people have downloaded it, and their data has pin-pointed over 6,000 knotweed
Poole Borough Council plans to put charges up by 10% in 2017 and by 5% every year until 2020. Almost 1,400 names are on the waiting list for hiring its 1,100 seaside huts annually. Council figures show prospective beach hut tenants could face a minimum wait of up to 18 years.
Strong winds tore barge from its moorings and sent it towards BP's Valhall platform. The oil and gas company was forced to shut down output and evacuate staff on board. A man died when a huge wave hit another rig earlier in the Troll field off Norway.
UK exports of unfilled chocolates and chocolate products, which include Easter eggs, totalled just over £30m, up 3% on 2015. Last year, the UK exported a whopping £245m worth of chocolate, up by almost a quarter on 2015.
Liverpool City Council block plan to introduce late-night charge. Up to 800 licensed premises would have paid £299 to offset costs. Net income generated would be unlikely to produce'significant improvements'
MSF wants the bombing to be investigated as a war crime. Mr Obama has also apologised to the president of Afghanistan. A number of inquiries have been ordered into the incident.
British number one Shuker, 37, and France's Stephane Houdet, 46, defeated Alfie Hewett, another Briton, and USA's Dana Mathewson 6-3 7-5. The mixed doubles was popular with both the crowds and the players at this year's British Open. Not all tour
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wins the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize. He signed a peace deal with Farc rebels in September last year. But it was rejected by 50.2% of voters in a referendum in October. About 260,000 people have been killed in the 50-year conflict.
Denny Solomona crossed for Castleford, but Wigan led at half-time. Grant Millington's try put the visitors back in front, before John Bateman went over to restore Wigan's two-point lead. Nick Gregson got his first senior try and Bateman crossed again late on.
Stevie Mallan pulled one back with a free-kick of his own before half-time. Anthony Stokes played the final 20 minutes and marked his Easter Road return with a late third for the hosts.
Wilson has been without a club since being released by Celtic in May. The 30-year-old made 51 appearances in his second spell at the City Ground.
Thousands of Burmese Tamils live in the north-eastern Indian town of Moreh. They were forced to leave Burma following a military coup in the 1960s. Moreh is considered to be India's gateway to South East Asia. Many traders in Moreh hope the town will regain its business importance
Relate said constant bickering could have a 'far-reaching' impact on children. On average they did worse in school and could even fall into crime. Charity said 2.87 million people were in 'distressed' relationships.
The National Audit Office has been looking into why the project was axed. It found a failure by the UK government's energy department to agree the long term costs of the competition with the Treasury led to its cancellation. The Scottish government said lessons needed to be learned.
Galileo promises to be much more accurate than the US-owned GPS. It could help improve capacity on Europe's rail networks. Driverless cars are being allowed on UK public roads from next year.
Lindsay Rimer, 13, disappeared in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire, in 1994. Her body was found in the Rochdale Canal five months later. Despite extensive police inquiries, her killer has never been found.
Facebook took the post down because it violated its community standards. Comes after a series of paramilitary-style attacks in the Turf Lodge area. The PSNI said they were not linking the post to recent shootings at this stage.
Gillingham are currently two points from safety in League One. The Gills have only won three of their 16 league games this season. Peter Taylor's side have won just once in their last 12 league games.
Wales beat Cyprus 1-0 in Nicosia to stay top of Group B. Gareth Bale scored the only goal of the game with eight minutes remaining. Chris Coleman's side travel to play Israel on Sunday.
More than a billion people speak Mandarin in the world. The Prime Minister believes learning the language will help Britain do more business with China.
Sepsis is triggered by infections and causes around 37,000 deaths a year in the UK. Intensive Care Society recently launched a campaign to raise awareness of sepsis. Prof Mark Bellamy says there is a'spectre emerging of moving into a post-antibiotic era'
Derby City Council approved the cycle track to be built on part of the Sanctuary. The trust said the development would damage the habitat of rare birds. An interim order to stop work was issued last week and will remain in place.
The money is part of the coalition's £330m investment for new NHS facilities. The current hospital was built in 1813, but it has become cramped and outdated. In the past five years, three out of Somerset's 13 community hospitals have been replaced.
80 signatories include leading figures in Asian hospitality industry. They claim UK immigration policy discriminates against non-EU citizens. PM is expected to recommend Britain remains in a reformed EU.
Cooper said the party appeared "to be polarising" between "different extremes" She said Mr Corbyn had "not shown any ability" to be part of a team. Mr Burnham has previously said he would serve in a Cabinet led by Mr Corbyn.
Pop star Katy Perry will make her Glastonbury debut. Grime will feature prominently, with Stormzy, Kano and Wiley all playing. Barry Gibb follows in the footsteps of Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers by taking Sunday evening's "legend slot"
A photo was posted by BBC Scotland's North East Twitter account. The sight was spotted in Aberdeen on Sunday evening. Lenticular clouds can be mistaken for UFOs, according to Judith Ralston.
A statue will be erected at Watford's Vicarage Road ground. A pre-season tribute fixture in Taylor's memory is also being planned. Taylor, who also managed England from 1990 until 1993, died on 12 January.
Rob Elloway, Matt Evans and Joe Atkinson were yellow carded in the second half. Cornish Pirates had beaten their Championship rivals in all three of their previous meetings.
Omar Bogle opened the scoring for Grimsby with a deflected free-kick. Bogle doubled the lead 10 minutes before the interval. John Akinde equalised for Barnet with a penalty five minutes later. Ali Sesay was sent off in the 90th minute for a challenge on Scott Vernon. Ryan Watson
Argentine striker signed for Sunderland in January for £3.2m. He failed to score in eight appearances for the Black Cats. Scocco is expected to be presented to supporters in Rosario on Saturday.
Leaders of Europe's Eurosceptic parties queued up to crow over the British vote. The mood in Brussels is resentful and despondent, while governments across Europe are scared. But there are divisions here too that threaten to drive the EU even further apart.
The first train was driven by a 28-year-old woman, reports say. The journey takes 15 minutes - the metro is expected to ease traffic congestion.
Northern Ireland Environment Agency said the waste will be removed with no harm to the environment. Ulster Unionist Councillor David Taylor said there was despair and palpable anger over the incident.
Joe Root, Alex Hales, Moeen Ali and Mark Wood also return. Liam Dawson, Chris Woakes, James Vince, and Dawid Malan all miss out.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by six wickets in first T20. Stuart Thompson hit 56 and Gary Wilson 41 as Ireland posted 165-5. Samiullah Shenwari and Mohammad Shahzad both hit half-centuries.
Astronauts had to grease the station's big robot arm, re-route some cables and remove some insulation. Mission Control had to make sure the suit would be safe, before they gave the all-clear. Kelly who's been living at the orbiting lab since March will stay until March 2016
Bird was found by a walker in Hall Lane, Blubberhouses, on Sunday. It had suffered a shattered wing, possibly a few days earlier. Police are concerned by the "unusually high" number of recent attacks on red kites.
Peter Ward and Richard Hiley were sentenced at Birmingham Crown Court. They pleaded guilty to possession, supply and importation of Class A and Class B drugs. Ward was arrested by National Crime Agency officers in Barnstaple in October 2013. Officers searched Ward's rural home and found class A and B drugs
Gordon D'Arcy is recalled to resume his long-standing partnership with O'Driscoll. Conor Murray returns at scrum-half for Sunday's game. Dave Kearney replaces Fergus McFadden who will be out for several weeks after fracturing a bone in his hand against the Wallabies.
European Council President Donald Tusk said a bailout for Greece was 'all ready to go' Bank and financial shares surged, with Germany's Deutsche Bank shares closing up 3.3%. Biggest winner on Frankfurt's main index was the stock exchange Deutsche Boerse up 4.38%.
Thatcher became a hero to many when she sent British troops to defend the Falklands. She was thought to have survived on just four hours sleep a night. After 11 years in power she'd been PM for longer than anyone else in the 20th century.
Gen Dempsey describes Russia's decision to send missiles as 'ill-timed and very unfortunate' Syria's national production has dropped by 40% and the number of people living below the poverty line has risen from two million to five million.
Tickets for Banksy's 'Dismaland' exhibition were suspended last week. Many users reported issues when sales resumed earlier. But a spokeswoman for Banksy insisted the website was '100% real'
Ed Miliband says it is "time for someone else" to take over the Labour leadership. He says he is "truly sorry" he did not succeed in five years as leader. Harriet Harman will be interim leader, Mr Miliband confirmed.
Seven-month-old Meereen died on Monday in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. Three other cats in the area have died in the last seven days. RSPCA spokesman said it was unclear whether poisonings were accidental or deliberate.
Former Sharks scrum-half is suing the club for alleged clinical negligence over a concussion injury. "It puts club medical staff and doctors in a very, very difficult situation," says Exeter director of rugby Rob Baxter. In 2014 the head injury assessment (HIA) was introduced, replacing the shorter and less comprehensive pitch
Forest fires in Indonesia have deteriorated Singapore's air quality. The haze has caused hazardous air quality across the region. NTUC FairPrice and IKEA have removed products from one Indonesian firm.
President Elias Chavez was due to be sworn in on 10 January for a fourth term. The Supreme Court ruled he could take the oath at a later date. Vice-president Maduro gave the state of the union address to legislators. He said Mr Chavez remained in charge of the country and pledged his loyalty
Supreme court to hear case on four states' gay marriage bans. Court previously struck down a US law preventing federal recognition of marriages in states allowing same-sex unions.
Researchers have analysed and assessed millions of words from a wide range of media sources over the past two weeks. Confidence was measured at 38 after the 2-2 draw with Ecuador on 4 June and 40 following the 0-0 draw with Honduras on 8 June. England's current rating is 70, going into the game in Mana
Zac Goldsmith wins 70% of the 9,227 votes cast using an online primary. He beat Andrew Boff, Syed Kamall and Stephen Greenhalgh. Mr Goldsmith's main rival is likely to be Labour's Sadiq Khan.
Paula Palmer, of Brighton, was at her husband's funeral on Friday. Thieves broke into her house and stole jewellery and her car keys. Mrs Palmer said: "It's devastating to think people can do that"
David Mullins led the 33-1 chance to victory in his first ride in the race. His nine-year-old mount, trained by Mouse Morris, triumphed by six lengths. Mullins rode Ivan Grozny (16-1) to victory for his uncle in the last race of the day.
Ian McCann took part in a charity bike ride and missed final week of term. The 58-year-old handed in a sick note after governors declined his absence request. Lancashire County Council topped a recent list of councils fining parents taking children on term-time holidays.
John Surtees' son Henry died during a Formula Two race in 2009 after being struck on the head by a stray tyre. Sebastian Vettel had said the device can be as "ugly as possible" as long as it helps save lives.
Five-year project led by Royal Commission of the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales. Aircraft beams will assess the effect of rising sea levels and storms on locations, including Bardsey and Ramsey islands.
We welcome your comments, stories, pictures and feedback on our output. We can't promise always to reply individually, but we will be very pleased to read what you have to say.
Blackburn have appointed David Dunn as their new manager. Dunn was sacked by League One club Oldham in January. Blackburn manager Paul Lambert has called for a winter break in English football.
The award ceremony first started in 1959, as a way to honour those who produced really great music. The name Grammy is actually short for gramophone, which is a machine invented in the 19th Century to play music records.
Pernod Ricard is the second biggest distiller of Scotch after Diageo. Its brands include Chivas, The Glenlivet and Ballentine's. American sales of the Cork-distilled whiskey were up more than 10%.
News Corp gets more than half its revenue from outside the US. The Wall Street Journal now has more than 2.1 million paid subscribers. For the first time, more than 50% of those subscribers were digital.
Regional papers are devoting their front pages to a staunch defence of China's claim. Many feature maps that depict disputed islands in the South China Sea as belonging to China. China Statistics Press, an official agency, says China has around 1,900 newspaper titles.
A narrative conclusion was recorded at Flax Bourton Coroner's Court. The hospital trust said a safety check system has since been introduced. Rohan Rhodes was born 15 weeks early at Singleton Hospital in Swansea. He was transferred five weeks later to St Michael's Hospital in Bristol.
The Colin Bloomfield Melanoma Appeal was launched in February. Radio Derby presenter Colin Bloomfield has stage four melanoma. The 33-year-old had a malignant melanoma removed from his leg 10 years ago. In 2013 he was told the cancer had returned and spread to his brain.
Gary Nixon, 44, fled to Scotland after advertising tickets online. He said he could arrange accommodation for England v Sweden match. But two victims from Bridgend county received nothing.
A 40-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder. The child's next-of-kin have been informed. Police have increased their presence in the area.
Cambridge student David Gilmour, 21, was jailed for 16 months for violent disorder in July. He was seen hanging from a Union flag on the Cenotaph and leaping on to the bonnet of a Jaguar - part of a royal convoy.
Zack Davies attacked Dr Sarandev Bhambra with a machete in a shop. He was heard saying "white power" and saying: "Come here, this is for Lee Rigby" Dr Bhambra said Davies was a "coward" who tried to behead him. Davies was convicted of attempted murder
Islamic State (IS) group claims responsibility for some of the attacks. At least 14 people were killed when a bomber blew himself up in a restaurant. Other attacks hit Basra and Mashada, north of Baghdad.
Austria says it will accept 80 asylum applications a day, with a maximum of 3,200 a day. The country has become a major transit route for migrants seeking to claim asylum in Germany. Observers say the influx has contributed to the rising popularity of the far right in Austria.
David Beckham's team of investors have acquired land in the city's Overtown neighbourhood. It was the former England captain's fourth attempt to buy a suitable Miami site. MLS commissioner Don Garber said Miami Beckham United's bid plans "for a world-class venue within the urban core"
Hedren, now 86, made the claims in her autobiography Tippi: A Memoir. She described an encounter in Hitchcock's office where he grabbed her. The actress said the director threatened to ruin her career.
Eman Abd El Aty, said to have weighed around 500kg, left an Indian hospital last Thursday after doctors said she lost more than 250kg. But doctors in UAE say she is suffering from a "cardiac issue" and infected bed sores, apart from her obesity.
Video shows Queen playing with a dog in the private gardens at Balmoral. The Queen Mother raises her arm like a Nazi salute and copies her. Buckingham Palace have said the release of the video is 'disappointing'
Lewis Hamilton is 29 points behind Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. The Briton is bidding to win his home grand prix for the first time since 2008. Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali's famous "rope-a-dope" victory.
November to January was the wettest three months since records began. Desmond began battering parts of the UK on 5 December. About 5,200 homes were flooded in Cumbria and Lancashire. Tens of thousands more lost power after an electricity sub-station was flooded.
Labour currently has an overwhelming majority on Bassetlaw District Council. The Conservatives are hoping to increase their share and go someway to returning to power. UKIP is hoping to capitalise on the party's popularity nationally and build support for future European elections.
Stanislas Wawrinka beats Novak Djokovic 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 in the French Open final. The victory ends Djokovic's 28-match winning streak at Roland Garros. It is the Swiss's second Grand Slam title after Roger Federer in 2011.
Yorkshire were bowled out for 162 in their first innings. Tim Bresnan and Ryan Sidebottom put on 67 for last wicket. Durham were dismissed for 156 in reply. Yorkshire went into the game with a 34-point lead over Warwickshire.
Taylor was injured after falling awkwardly in the first half at the Liberty Stadium. His foot was trapped underneath him as he fell, taking the full weight of Sunderland's Craig Gardner on the way down. Taylor is expected to make a full recovery but is likely to miss the rest of the season.
Psychoactive Substances Bill would ban any substance that affects a consumer's mental functioning or emotional state. LibDem Home Affairs spokesman Lord Paddick has made it clear his party will oppose the legislation in its current form.
Fans threw flares and ripped up parts of the Mohammed V stadium. Raja's 2-1 victory over Chabab Rif Al Hoceima sparked the trouble. Morocco's DGSN security service said 31 people were arrested for "acts of vandalism"
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, 91, has been in power for 35 years. He has dealt ruthlessly with his political rivals and outmanoeuvred those presenting any threat to his leadership. Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa, the man who could be king, is back in the driving seat. But the
Windass scored in Sunday's 2-0 friendly win at Sheffield Wednesday. The 23-year-old netted once in 27 games for Rangers last term. Midfielder scored 17 goals for Accrington in season 2015/16.
Rocket Lab's 17m-long (56ft) Electron lifted off from the Mahia Peninsula. It is the first launch from New Zealand and is a major step in an emerging market. The company plans to start frequent commercial launches later this year.
Scotland's health boards paid more than £20m in overtime and additional pay in 2015/16. The British Medical Association said there were not enough consultants. But Health Secretary Shona Robison said it was a "tiny percentage" of overall spend. She said the government was "determined to eradicate high cost overtime payments
New exercise could now be introduced in schools. Researchers say it cuts the risk of kids getting hurt when playing rugby.
The victims were farming in an area that was declared unsafe because of its close proximity to Mount Sinabung. More than a dozen people were killed when it erupted in 2014. It also erupted in 2010, after having been dormant for 400 years.
Paul Austin voted to leave the UK in the EU referendum last year. He now says he is becoming more Eurosceptic and concerned about immigration. The news about baby Charlie Gard also made him question his decision.
Mamadou Sakho served a 30-day suspension after testing positive for a 'fat burner' in March. The 26-year-old admitted taking the substance, but Uefa had to investigate whether it was actually prohibited.
These are five seats which could reflect major shifts in the electorate. Main battlegrounds this year are areas that have been mainly Labour since 1980s. Lib Dems saw major losses across the UK while their share of Welsh MPs fell.
Scottish government introduced free school meals for all children in primary 1-3 in 2015. More than 77% of the 173,000 five to seven-year-olds that are registered take up the option of a free meal at school. However, the numbers registered falls significantly for subsequent age groups.
Sofia Legg had been suffering from low moods and self-harming. She was referred to Child and Adolescent Mental Services in March 2015. In July 2016, she was told there was a six-month waiting list for therapy. Her family found her body when they returned home on the evening of 20 September
Avon and Somerset Police wants to raise the cost of the course from £80 to £95. The Alliance of British Drivers said the police should not be funded by people "who hadn't done much wrong"
One cadet suffered a broken nose, while others dislocated shoulders. West Point said the fight was designed to build 'espirit de corps' None of the injuries was severe and all cadets have returned to duty.
Marco Feliciano was appointed president of Brazil's Human Rights and Minority Commission. His views on homosexuality and people of African descent have incited a wave of anger. Mr Feliciano has denied being homophobic or racist. But protests by activists have repeatedly disrupted the commission's work.
The car was bought by Rick Champagne, a logistics company owner from Phoenix, Arizona. The Batmobile design was based on a 1955 Lincoln Futura, a concept car built in Italy by the Ford Motor Company.
The bill, which is expected to become law in spring 2014, subject to approval by MPs. It will include measures to allow the UK to "deport foreign criminals first" A requirement is also included for temporary migrants, such as overseas students, to make a contribution to the National Health Service to prevent so-called
Marine Le Pen leads France's far-right National Front party. The Front first emerged in the 1980s as a mainly anti-immigration group. Some opinion polls suggest the Front may win a quarter of the votes.
Leicester's Selby, who beat Ding Junhui in last year's final, looked on course for a whitewash by going 8-0 ahead. He will face either Wales' Ryan Day or China's Xiao Guodong in the next round.
Norman Rimmington signed with Barnsley in 1945, earning £3 a week as a goalkeeper. He worked for the football club in many roles after he hung up his gloves. Fans applauded as the funeral procession passed the Tykes' Oakwell stadium. The goalkeeper, who also worked as a pit fitter and a mechanic
Regulator Ofgem got involved after complaints levels were running 50% higher for Co-operative Energy than any other supplier. Co-op Energy stopped marketing its products and has already paid £1.6m in compensation.
Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with Kimi Raikkonen on the first lap. The incident damaged both cars, with Raikkonen fighting back to fifth behind the Red Bulls of Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo. Hamilton started from the back, suffered a broken front wing on lap one and did five pit stops
Gordon Smith, 44, was found dead on Lake Road on 1 July. Mark Russell, 27, previously of Holly Terrace, pleaded not guilty to manslaughter. He was given conditional bail ahead of trial on 14 March.
Balotelli will sign a four-and-a-half-year deal with the Italian club. The 22-year-old scored 30 goals in 80 appearances for Manchester City. He helped City to the Premier League title last season, but has managed only three goals in 20 matches this time round.
Volkswagen shares plunge 18% after scandal over manipulated emissions tests. U.S. regulators found that some of its cars could manipulate official emissions. VW faces fines that could add up to billions of dollars. The German government is investigating whether other companies are massaging their emissions data.
Samson made 38 appearances for Killie last season. The 31-year-old has never been selected for the Scotland senior squad.
Kim Murray, 27, has recently had her 12-week scan. The couple married in Dunblane Cathedral in April. Murray's mother Judy recently said she was looking forward to being a granny.
Toulon president Mourad Boudjellal has made public his frustrations with the Top 14. He said he was "serious in my approach" and claimed the move would give the Premiership "huge added value" However, given the complications of any move, informed observers of the game say it appears unlikely to happen
Time capsule from 1894 found in road bridge in the Cairngorms. Box contained a folded newspaper, a paper scroll and a bottle. Items have been donated to a museum in nearby Newtonmore.
Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony are showing off what they've been working on. Virtual reality usually involves putting on some glasses that contain video screens. Steffan Powell reports from E3.
A Chinese woman claims her husband divorced her because of her large face. The 49-year-old underwent facial surgery three times at a local hospital to shave her jawbones and reshape her face into a slimmer shape. During the third surgery the doctors discovered that if they proceeded further her nerves may be damaged
Vatican recognised Palestinian statehood a year and a half ago. Palestinians view East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. Israel proclaims the entire city as its capital. Pope has repeatedly supported moves to restart the peace process.
The boy is the second to be charged with the Dalkeith incident which took place on farmland. Police Scotland said they recognise the impact hare coursing has on rural communities.
Shortlist includes five writers from the UK and one from the U.S. The winner will be announced on International Dylan Thomas Day, 14 May.
The latest protests are a reaction to him sacking two finance ministers last week. This comes on top of claims of widespread corruption and recent student protests. The marchers are using the hasthag #ZumaMustFall on social media.
360 former MPs were granted passes for the Parliamentary estate. Huhne and Pryce both served two months of an eight-month sentence.
Radioactive cooling water was mistakenly discharged into a submarine reactor compartment. The Office for Nuclear Regulation issued a legal notice to improve. Contractor Babcock International said safety was its "highest priority"
Robert Amoroso, 64, lived in Clifton from 1979 to 2013. He was found not-guilty of two counts of sexual activity in the presence of a child. On Wednesday he was cleared of 14 other charges.
Microsoft paid $2.5bn (£1.8bn) for Mojang, Minecraft's Swedish creator, in 2014. And late last year, it bought the four-year-old MinecraftEdu version of the game. It says more than 7,000 classrooms around the world already use Minecraft in some form.
Martin O'Neill and Roy Keane have agreed new deals with the FAI. The duo's Irish side begin their Euro 2016 campaign against Sweden on Monday. "We're happy to stay on. I really enjoy the job, working with the players, the staff and the FAI," said Keane.
Fabio Da Silva could be followed out of the exit door by Middlesbrough. Cardiff boss Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers. Trollope has spoken to defender Jazz Richards about his behaviour. Richards was booed by Cardiff fans for his reluctance to 'do the Ayattolah'
Royal Bank of Scotland boss says uncertainty over EU vote could "slow down banking" He said he would like the referendum to be held as early as possible, ideally in June. Mr McEwan added that he does not expect an interest rate rise before 2017.
Donald Tusk responded today: "Starting parallel talks on all issues at the same time as suggested by some in the UK will not happen" Bluntly, the divorce bill would have to settled before talks on trade can begin. So no flames fanned, but it may not be long until Theresa May feels the heat
Three of the victims were 15 and two were left with life-threatening injuries. The attack happened in a lane between Great Western Road and the Auchentoshan Estate at about 01:30 on Saturday 21 November.
South Wales Fire and Rescue said its crews tackled the blaze throughout the night. They were called to the premises in the Sirhowy Valley village on Saturday.
Half of Welsh universities have seen an increase in plagiarism cases. Students at Cardiff, Swansea, Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan investigated. Quality Assurance Agency said it was discussing the issue with universities.
Haseeb Hamayoon, Yousaf Syed and Nadir Syed deny terror charges. Woolwich Crown Court hears they plotted an attack using a Rambo-style knife. Prosecutors say the men were obsessed with the killing of Drummer Lee Rigby.
24m (80ft) poles appeared close to MacLeod House hotel and near clubhouse. There have been concerns the poles are too large and bids for planning permission have now been submitted.
Foreign fighters, once visible in Mosul, have disappeared from the city. IS leadership in the city is also described as "melting away" The city's people are said to be in a'state of fear and terror'
Bertrand Traore fired Chelsea into the lead with his fourth goal in five games. Mame Biram Diouf headed Stoke level in the second half. Bojan almost won it for the Potters in injury time but Thibaut Courtois denied him. Chelsea named a team with Wednesday's Champions League
Kenneth David Dickie, 64, was found with a serious head injury at the Rockley Park site in Poole. A 34-year-old man from Poole appeared before magistrates on 10 May charged with causing grievous bodily harm. A woman, aged 57, was arrested on suspicion of GBH with intent and perverting
The event takes place at East Kirkcarswell Farm near Dundrennan on 25 and 26 July. Dizzee Rascal will headline the opening night in his only Scottish festival appearance of the year.
A total of 112 high street banks have closed since July 2015. A further 33 are due to close their doors within the coming months. Edinburgh has seen the greatest number of closures - with more than 20 banks to close in the city.
Bank of England chief Mark Carney said it had been 'totally unfair' to bail out banks. New rules would require big banks to hold much more money against losses. At its peak in the UK, taxpayers' direct subsidy to banks stood at more than £1 trillion.
UK economy grew by 0.4% in the second quarter, up from 0.4%. But by far the strongest growth was in April, followed by a sharp easing off. On a yearly basis the economy grew a healthy 2.2%. Chancellor Philip Hammond said the fundamentals of the UK economy were "strong"
Gwen Thomson, 51, died after the accident on Market Street. Police Scotland thanked those who helped at the scene.
Shanghai Composite benchmark ended 2.2% higher at 4,121.71. The index crossed the 4,000 mark for the first time since 2008 on Friday. China's monthly trade data showed its exports fell in March. Analysts said the export numbers for March were a surprise.
New 500 and 2,000 rupee notes will be issued to replace those removed from circulation. People will be able to exchange old notes for new ones at banks over the next 50 days. Announcement prompted people across the country to rush to ATMs. The move is designed to lock out money that is unaccounted for.
Woman in her 20s was pushed to the ground and assaulted by a man on a bike. Police believe it could be linked to two attempted sexual assaults on women in September. Thursday's attacker is described as white and in his late 20s or early 30s.
WBC cruiserweight champion Tony Bellew will fight at heavyweight for the first time on Saturday. Former WBA heavyweight champion David Haye has had two routine wins since returning from over three years out of the sport. The pair entered through separate corridors at a Liverpool hotel on Monday.
The two men in their 40s went missing on Tuesday as they climbed Mont Blanc du Tacul. Reports say they had taken the difficult "Devil's Ridge" route. Mont Blanc, with 11 peaks above 4,000m, is Western Europe's highest range.
The feature, available in the new 2016 Chevy Malibu, does things like mute the radio if the driver's not wearing a seat belt. Key fob can also be used to set a speed limit between 40 and 75mph. The feature also allows parents to see a report of the total distance driven, maximum
Discovery may shed light on how the group of animals evolved and spread. Researchers examined fossilised footprints from 247 to 248 million years ago. Most tracks were made by the ancestors of crocodiles and dinosaurs.
The businessman has been at the helm at the St Lawrence Ground since 2008. Last year he clashed with the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB)
Ravindra Gaikwad said he "hit him 25 times with my sandal" after failing to get a business class seat on an Air India flight. The MP had been told he could not fly business class on the Pune to Delhi flight because it was an all-economy flight, reports say. Mr Gaikwa
In less than two minutes, Myriam Francois-Cerrah explains how this massacre happened. And what are its lasting effects?
In December 2015, he said Mr Trump was "out of his mind" for suggesting a ban on Muslims entering the US. But as we leap forward to November 2016, it's time to take a look back at some of the other occasions Boris Johnson has changed his mind.
World Cancer Research Fund said link between obesity and cancer was "strong" Researchers followed nearly 240,000 Swedish men for 35 years.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has been a vocal critic of Jeremy Corbyn. He warned before his leadership election victory that the party risked "annihilation" Mr Blair's comments come amid divisions within the party over its future direction.
The privy at Brodsworth Hall, near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, was built in the 1860s. In its heyday, its contents, dubbed "night soil", were emptied daily and spread on the gardens by staff. English Heritage, which now runs the site, said the privy had been restored to its
Hassan Rouhani was re-elected in May 2017 with an emphatic margin of victory. He is keen to see the nuclear deal survive - even though US President Donald Trump and opponents of the deal in the United States Congress are looking for ways to put further pressure on Iran. Mr Rouhani was Iran's chief nuclear
Chris Coleman's first campaign in charge of Wales ended in failure to qualify for the World Cup. His father died in 2014 after watching the campaign in Brazil. Coleman led Wales to their first major tournament for 58 years at Euro 2016.
The units in North Tyneside and Northumberland have been shut since December. Overnight emergencies have been diverted to the recently-opened Northumbria Hospital. The closures at North Tyneside, Hexham and Wansbeck hospitals will continue.
After six months of Donald Trump in the White House, Russians are beginning to feel that their country enjoys considerable influence over America. But US sanctions against Russia remain in place, and the two Russian diplomatic compounds remain shut. Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump have now met, on the sidelines of the G20 summit
Men in the east of England saw the sharpest rise in travel times - up 3.8 minutes to 65.2 minutes. But in London even though men spend just above 77 minutes, commuting the figure has fallen by 1.8 minutes since 2006. The trend was bucked by the capital's women workers who saw their travel
RSPCA Cymru said it backed mandatory identification of pets killed on highways. One of six councils which does not scan said it was reviewing its policy. Cats Protection wants it to be compulsory for people microchip their animals.
Amy Mather won the European Commission's first European Digital Girl of the Year Award last year. She uses 3D design and manufacturing techniques for her school GCSE product design coursework. Fab Lab was the first of nine in the UK, with the number expected to rise to 30 within three years.
Jose Mourinho is halfway through a four-year deal signed in June 2013. Further talks are expected with the club and the Portuguese keen on a long-term option. In his first spell at the club between 2004 and 2007, Mourinho won consecutive Premier League titles.
Brantano employs about 2,000 staff in 140 stores and 60 concessions across the UK. Administrators from PwC are now running the Leicestershire-based business. Brantano is one of the first sizeable retailers to fall into difficulty this year.
Kathleen and Jimmy Cuddihy, who were in their 70s, were found dead in October 2014. Their son, Julian, appeared at Dublin's Central Criminal Court on Tuesday. The court heard he admitted killing his parents but the jury must decide his mental state at the time.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gave Borussia Dortmund the lead. Luiz Gustavo, Kevin De Bruyne and Bas Dost scored for Wolfsburg. Dieter Hecking's side win their first German Cup.
14-year-old Seren Bernard took her own life while living with foster carers in Pembrokeshire in 2012. A serious case review was published in 2014, but Sarah Pollock was only given a summary of its contents. Fresh call was made to Pembrokeshire council on Thursday, but it said it could not disclose the full report based
Google has released an early version of its next-generation Android software. Android N will introduce split-screen multitasking and improve battery life. Google traditionally names new versions of its operating system after sweet treats.
Sir Simon Rattle is to join the London Symphony Orchestra as its music director. Board member Peter Riegelbauer said they would try again "within a year"
St Peter's will contest the Hogan decider for the first time in their history. Wexford school led by seven points, 2-10 to 1-6, with eight minutes remaining. They will take on reigning champions St Brendan's of Killarney in the final.
The 54-year-old has left his job as assistant first-team coach at Barnet. Waddock led the Shots into the Football League in 2008 with a then record points total of 101.
Tories say cap will save £100 a year on energy bills for 17 million households. But many in the industry think it is a bad idea, as it will reduce competition in what is supposed to be a free market.
Relive some of the best moments from London 2012.
The 40-year-old man was found on the A66 in the early hours of this morning. He had wounds to his groin after an attack in the South Bank area of Teesside. The road was closed while police searched the area but has now reopened.
With 96% of votes counted, Daniel Scioli had 36.7% of the vote. Buenos Aires mayor Mauricio Macri had 34.5%. The run-off on 22 November will be the first time an Argentine election will be decided by a second round.
UKIP on course to win seats in Cardiff, Northern Ireland and London, he says. He declined to put a target on UKIP gains in English council elections. There has been speculation about the future of the party.
Plans include a new multi-story car park and knocking down the 1937 arrivals building. The building, which has already lost two floors due to safety concerns, has been called "unsafe" by airport bosses.
The 22-year-old spent last season on loan at Southend and Luton. He scored nine goals in a combined 43 matches in League One and League Two respectively.
Lib Dem Simon Cook says Bristol needs a new entertainment venue. Arena would be on the site of the old diesel depot site. It is believed the arena would cost up to £80m to build.
1,200 members of the security forces are chasing the elusive gang leader. Otoniel runs the Usuga clan, a drug gang that has its powerbase in the Uraba region. He has been in charge since his brother, Juan de Dios, was killed on 1 January 2012.
Dog escapes hole caused by heavy rain washing away drain in Scotland. Traigh Golf Club had been worried about how it would pay for repairs. It estimated £16,000 would be needed to cover the cost.
Tesco said it had taken a £235m charge after it agreed deferred prosecution. UK like-for-like sales were up 1% in the year to 28 February. Tesco shares closed down 5.7%, making it the biggest faller on the FTSE 100.
Oliver could make his debut at York on Saturday. The 23-year-old scored 14 goals in 41 games for Lincoln last season.
The Russian foreign ministry acted against Waclaw Radziwinowicz because Poland expelled a Russian journalist. In a message on Facebook, the ministry addressed the cat, Marusia, saying: "Don't worry... we'll look after you". But Radziwonowicz appeared unamused by the joke,
Human rights violations include "violent house raids, torture and ill-treatment" Security forces allegedly responsible for at least 46 deaths in protest violence. Venezuela's Supreme Court orders arrest of opposition mayor Ramn Muchacho.
Three satellites owned and operated by Surrey Satellite Technology Limited. 100% of the time has been leased to 21st Century Aerospace Technology Ltd of Beijing. Data will help with urban planning, working out crop yields, pollution monitoring and doing biodiversity assessments.
Howard Francis, 92, was shot in the shoulder during D-Day invasion. He received a letter saying he would be awarded the Legion d'honneur. There was a delay due to a backlog in applications. Mr Francis's family was helped by Links, a charity helping ex-service personnel
The 24-year-old spent the first half of the season on loan at Crawley. He will officially join on 1 January and becomes Bignot's first signing for the Mariners.
Russell Goodway says councillors and officials should "seriously develop" proposals. Former Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews had been planning to cut the 22 councils to eight or nine. First Minister Carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government will have to rethink its plans to win wider support.
Saracens' Jacques Burger given one-week ban for bad sportsmanship. Wasps' Lorenzo Cittadini given one week ban after pleading guilty to punching Gloucester's Billy Twelvetrees.
The new rule comes from Iran's Supreme Council of Cyberspace. Campaign group Privacy International described it as 'extremely worrying' Most popular messaging app is Berlin-based service Telegram. Messages shared via Telegram are encrypted and can be seen by many.
Four-time Olympic gold medalist Ben Ainslie launches new America's Cup team. JP Morgan BAR will take part in the America’s Cup World Series in San Francisco. The next edition of the Americas Cup will be held in San Fransisco in September 2013.
Windows 8 will let users sign on to their device with pictures stored on their computer. Experts say it could stop people using weak passwords. But it could also make people vulnerable to'shoulder surfing'
Darren Lee Barton was assaulted outside Rutland Arms on Saturday. He was taken to the Diana Princess of Wales Hospital in Grimsby. The 27-year-old died on Wednesday evening, police said.
The vote allows Japanese troops to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War Two 70 years ago. Tensions between China and Japan have escalated in recent months. South Korea has warned Tokyo not to exercise the new defence laws without its approval.
Demba Ba and Eden Hazard put Chelsea ahead. Rickie Lambert came off the bench to head home. Jason Puncheon equalised for Southampton.
Young expected to be sidelined for between six and eight weeks. Ireland face Sri Lanka at Malahide on 16 and 18 June. Young signed for Hampshire on a short-term loan deal in April.
Palaeontologist Dean Lomax found the fossil in Doncaster in 2008. Further study confirmed it to be a previously unknown species. It is not uncommon to find ichthyosaur fossils in England.
Archibald, 22, dominated the event, with Dutch rider Kirsten Wild second and Belgium's Lotte Kopecky third. That came 24 hours after she won her third consecutive women's individual pursuit title.
The total number of fans attending Scottish Professional Football League games, including play-offs, was up to 4,267,467 from 3,804,342 in 2015-16. It is the first time attendances have topped the four million mark since the 2008-09 campaign (4,252,212) SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster
It is hoped the theatre, founded in 1875, will be used for theatrical performances, cinema screenings, comedy and live music. The BBC studios, at the eastern end of the Palace, will also be repaired and refurbished.
Heavy rain put pressure on the surface of the course. Parts of course are made over an old limestone mine. Hole opened up over a cave.
38 MPs highlighted people, including students, claiming to have voted twice. Electoral Commission said individual electoral registers should be better joined up. There is no direct link between electoral registers and the online registration service.
Manchester Giants could have gone above them with two wins from three games. But Giants lost to Newcastle Eagles, Sheffield Sharks and London Lions. Newcastle Eagles rested key players and fell to Cheshire Phoenix and Leicester Riders. Glasgow Rocks beat Surrey United, Force and Plymouth Raiders.
Francois van der Merwe's try and Johan Goosen's kicking put visitors 16-6 at half-time. Dan Biggar kept Ospreys in touch by kicking four penalties. Goosen then dropped a goal which seemed to have clinched a Racing win. But Josh Matavesi's late
Bradley Lowery was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013. More than £700,000 was raised to pay for treatment in the USA. Everton donated £200,000 to the fund.
Football officials met in Doha to discuss a number of options. They feared a summer event would endanger the health of players and fans. Tuesday's recommendation is expected to be ratified by Fifa's executive committee. There has already been speculation that the tournament could start on 26 November.
Shares in Barclays fell 0.9% after the US Department of Justice sued the bank for alleged mortgage securities fraud. Data showed the UK economy grew faster than estimated in the third quarter.
Verity Giles, 37, hoped to become only fifth person to give time "at the third stroke" But fellow finalist Alan Steadman, 69, from Dundee won the competition. BT launched the UK-wide contest to mark the 80th anniversary of the telephone service.
Ventura most recently coached Serie A side Torino. He led them to 12th in the league last season. Conte announced in March that he would step down as Italy coach after Euro 2016.
Denise Fergus said she had been "let down so many times by the system" She was speaking to mark the 20th anniversary of the killing of her son James. Jon Venables and Robert Thompson were convicted of killing two-year-old in 1993. Mrs Fergus said Venables was capable of harming other
Atangana played 29 times for Leyton Orient last season. The Frenchman was out of contract after joining from Portsmouth. He is Gary Johnson's third summer signing.
The 32-year-old was dropped in 2013 after playing nine Tests. He was recalled for last winter's series win in South Africa. Compton scored 245 runs at an average of 30 as England won 2-1.
Christopher Lane, 22, was visiting his girlfriend's family in Duncan, Oklahoma. He was shot in the back and witnesses rushed to help him. Police said one of the accused admitted Lane was killed for 'the fun of it'
The Britain's Got Talent judge surprised pupils at a London school. He read extracts from his books and gave some tips for becoming a writer.
Rhys Webb joins full-back Leigh Halfpenny in missing the tournament. Webb was injured in Saturday's final warm-up game with Italy in Cardiff. The 26-year-old is replaced by Lions scrum-half Mike Phillips.
"Who is Banksy?" and "What is ALS?" among most popular Google searches of 2014. The deaths of Peaches Geldof, Robin Williams and Rik Mayall also featured in the top 10 trending searches. Beyonce topped the most searched female celebrity list, beating the likes of Jennifer Lawrence and Katy Perry to
Alex O'Meara scored a hat-trick at the Mennaye. Captain Chris Morgan, Bar Bartlett, Jake Parker, and Alex Day also went over. Pirates had Marlen Walker sin-binned while fly-half Bartlett suffered a rib injury.
Jessica Taylor suffers from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. The 25-year-old plans to marry Samuel Bearman next year. She said the wedding would be a "dream come true"
The move comes after the Security Council adopted a resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlement building on occupied land. The resolution was passed after the US refused to veto it, breaking with long-standing American practice. Washington has traditionally sheltered Israel from condemnatory resolutions.
Mr Paksas was impeached and removed from office as president in 2004. Lithuania will have to act to prevent any similar violation in the future.
Arsenal beat Watford 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Vicarage Road. Santi Cazorla, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil scored for the Gunners. Substitute Roberto Pereyra scored on his debut for the Hornets.
Met Office yellow 'be aware' rain warning in place until 22:00 BST. Forecasters unsure about how heavy and persistent the rain will be. moist southerly airstream set to bring the bulk of the rain in four hours.
The Miscarriage Association wants people to open up about baby loss. One mother has filmed the aftermath of her miscarriage for a documentary. Ruth Bender Atik thinks it is because of the "rule" that women should not announce their pregnancy before their first scan.
Law firm paid £15m "success fee" for work on £1.3bn Nama loan portfolio. Brown Rudnick said it could help Cerberus position itself with key stakeholders. Nama was established in 2009 to take control of billions of euro of bad loans.
Ayr took the lead through a Ross Docherty header in the second half. Dunfermline twice went close through Joe Carle and Michael Moffat. The result keeps Ayr United above St Mirren, and moves them just three points behind eighth placed Dumbarton.
Lord McConnell was in Malawi to discuss the importance of electricity. He tweeted: "Walked out to the dark street and fell down a drain. #Ouch".
The inmate's body was found on Tuesday at HMP Elmley, Isle of Sheppey. In November, Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Prisons said high-risk inmates were not being properly assessed and managed.
Neil Moore was on remand when he created a fake email account. He sent bail instructions to prison staff, who released him on 10 March 2014. Solicitors went to interview him three days later, only to find him gone. Moore, 28, from Ilford, east London, handed himself in in three days
Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire authorities gave cash payments in lieu of pension contributions. Dyfed-Powys Police said it was in discussions with the auditors over the issue. Auditors said both authorities had acted unlawfully in allowing the chief executives to opt out of the Local Government Pension Scheme. Carmar
Motorist was stopped on the MI8 on his way to work at about 13.30 BST. Humberside Police tweeted: "He wasn't late but he is now..." The force said the driver had not got an immediate ban.
Just under 1.2 million UK nationals live elsewhere in the EU. Of the non-British population from EU countries, the largest group was Polish nationals. The Irish were the second-largest group, with 331,000 residing here.
Here is a look back at the 78-year-old actress's career. She is famed for being part of the classic Carry On... line up. Also became a household name through her role in EastEnders.
National Autistic Society made a VR film this summer to show people what it was like to live with the condition. Ikea launched an app in April that placed users in a fully furnished kitchen. Healthcare has become one of the big adopters of VR - using it both as teaching aid and to treat phobias.
At least 90% of final year students at Cardiff, Swansea and Bangor said they were happy with their university experience. Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan both scored 83% in the 11th National Student Survey. Elsewhere, Glyndwr scored 80% while University of South Wales and Trinity St David both had 79% satisfaction.
2,500 police officers will be on the streets of Cologne for the week-long event. The city was shocked by the New Year assaults, largely blamed on migrants. Separately, police have arrested three suspected Islamist militants in raids.
Follows BBC investigation into how assembly members use their expenses. Ciara Riddell reports.
Mahalia Hamid said she and friends were told they could not enter Volt. She said she stood by and watched as groups of white people walked in. Volt said it had always "welcomed a diverse audience", including people of different races.
The Fostering Network urged people to "open their hearts and homes" Currently, more than 5,500 children are in foster care in Scotland. There is a particular need for homes to be found for vulnerable teenagers.
Peter Mueller, 70, and his friends, aged 78 and 81, were given awards by Derbyshire police on Friday. The trio were returning to a family member's home in Heanor when they caught the intruder taking some jewellery in June.
770,000 EU nationals living in the capital should be eligible for a visa. They make up 15% of London's employees. EU nationals also contribute more than £26bn to the capital's economy.
The 30-year-old has made 200 appearances for the Rams since joining from Coventry City in 2012. Keogh made two appearances for Ireland at Euro 2016 as they reached the knockout stages.
Dispute over plans to move staff from final salary pension scheme. Unions said the action could affect all of Diageo's 50 sites in Scotland. Diageo described the move as "clearly disappointing"
The train was suspended last week after two incidents in which passenger doors opened mid-journey. refurbished trains are due to run on the Belfast to Dublin route from the end of February. Translink said that the suspension has been lifted after an investigation of the door mechanisms.
Clerics urge government to raise minimum legal age for women to marry to 18 from the current 16. Indonesia has among the highest number of child brides in the world. One in four women in Indonesia marries before the age of 18.
Alfredo Pedrique said he had seen people eating out of rubbish bins. He cited the "number of children who are dying because of the lack of food and medicine" Baseball is Venezuela's most popular sport - outdoing football.
Boris Johnson says paying for tariff-free access to the EU's internal market would be'sensible' But he says he is not 'going to get into the minutiae' of negotiations. Negotiations on the terms of exit from the EU will not officially begin until March.
Organisers say decision was taken after more bad weather was forecast. At least eight people were seriously injured by the lightning strike on Saturday.
The Juvenile Justice Bill was passed by the upper house of the parliament on Tuesday. It will now have to be signed by the president to become law. Supporters say tougher punishment will act as a deterrent. Critics say that India is a signatory to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Becky's stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, appeared in court earlier charged with her murder. Karl and Donovan Demetrius, both 29, Jaydene Parsons, 23, and James Ireland, 23, were charged with assisting an offender earlier. All were remanded in custody after a short hearing at Bristol Magistrates' Court. They
Casper Read, 15, was travelling alone to grandparents in France. He was asked to leave the plane after a man was allocated the same seat. EasyJet has apologised, offered compensation and is investigating.
Dawn Clements urged people to get vaccinated after death of footballer Jeff Hall from disease in 1959. British Polio Fellowship said there are many people alive and well "who owe her a huge debt of gratitude"
Farage had previously said he would stand down after failing to win a seat. But the party said there was "overwhelmingly" evidence he did not want to go. Farage said he had been "reluctant" but decided he "owed it to the party to stay"
The 300-acre site was abandoned by UK Coal 20 years ago. Gedling Borough Council leader said it was too dangerous to be left alone. The authority has also given the go-ahead for a solar farm to be built.
Protests were held after Belfast City Council decided not to fly the Union flag. Critics accused the police of being too soft as some of the protests descended into violence. The PSNI insisted it did not have the legal powers to stop them.
Labour backs the Charter for Budget Responsibility despite calling it a 'gimmick' Institute for Fiscal Studies says voters face a'stark choice' between parties.
A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He has been released on bail pending further inquiries, police said.
Rhys Jones, 36, was stabbed to death by Rhys Barnes in November 2015. Barnes, 28, had 17 previous convictions for 41 separate offences. He was being supervised by the National Probation Service at the time of the killing. Review questioned whether his level of risk to the general public should have been reassessed
Both sides take 10 points from the game. Somerset remain fourth in the table, with Lancashire eight points behind them in fifth.
New measures take into account pupil progress and their basic ability. Department for Education says the measures present a clearer picture. Head teachers say the results come amid a funding and recruitment crisis.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring, 71, wanted to demolish her Kensington house. She wanted to replace it with a new dwelling and two-storey basement. At the High Court she is challenging council's policy of restricting basements to one storey.
More than 700,000 employees on unpaid leave since 1 October. National parks, tourist sites, government websites, office buildings, and more closed. Defence department has recalled nearly all 800,000 civilian employees. If shutdown continues, plans are in place to send workers home.
Dartmoor Hill Pony Association (DHPA) said it had put forward the idea "reluctantly" Group claims numbers have dropped from about 30,000 at the beginning of the century to just 1,500 in 2011. DHPA said demand had dropped for the ponies as pets because of the economic downturn.
Venezuela has been hit hard by the global drop in oil prices. Oil-rich country suffers from high inflation and a chronic shortage of goods. Lufthansa said Venezuela owed it millions in ticket revenues.
Terrie Kirby, 16, Alexandra Binns, 18, Ryan Beal, 20, and Brandon Brown, 20, died following the crash on the A6201 between Upton and Hemsworth. The men from South Yorkshire will appear at Wakefield Magistrates' Court in May.
Interpol believes the gang carried out at least 380 armed robberies. Most of those arrested are from eastern Europe. German and Serbian authorities were involved in the build-up to the raid.
Rochdale took the lead through Joe Thompson in the 41st minute. Ollie Rathbone doubled their lead in the 53rd minute with a low strike. Substitute Calvin Andrew made it three with 15 minutes remaining. Tom Hopper's 81st-minute close-range finish offered Scunthorpe a glimmer of hope.
Mears Scotland has held the contract with North Lanarkshire Council for four years. The company was losing money on the work and councillors will be urged to allow the contract to be renegotiated. Future of the contract has been caught up in in-fighting between Labour councillors.
Capt Radhika Menon is the first female captain in the Indian Merchant Navy. She commanded a rescue operation last June when fishermen were stranded at sea. The men had been surviving off ice from their cold storage after supplies were washed away.
England lost the fifth Test against India by an innings and 75 runs. Alastair Cook's future as England captain is still up in the air. Joe Root is the natural candidate to replace Cook if he does go.
More than 2, 400 children voted on the CBBC website. 53% said bullies should be helped. Alex Holmes, an anti bullying specialist, gives his advice.
Batty captained Surrey to promotion to Division Two last season. The 38-year-old has played for Surrey between 1998 and 2001. He was appointed captain at the start of this year.
The African champions let in goals from Kerem Demirbay and Timo Werner. Vincent Aboubakar grabbed a consolation goal for them. Cameroon also had Ernest Mabouka sent off after confusion.
60 patrol boats will protect UK's two new aircraft carriers due to arrive in 2017. The first carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, is expected to be operational in 2020. Michael Fallon: "We are going to see a bigger Royal Navy and the flagship... will be here"
The contract will also involve maintaining the fleet. The trains are for the first phase of the project, due to open in 2026. Construction will begin later this year and it is expected to reduce rail times between Birmingham and London.
It is part of a wider disposal of problem debt on both sides of the border. Most of the loans - 86% - that are being sold off are in the Republic of Ireland. The rest relate to business in Northern Ireland.
membership of the European Union guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave, and rights for part-time workers. The EU has been influential in the development of equality legislation but leaving would not necessarily mean those rights would be lost.
Vickilee Galloway, 37, set her dog on Stacey Findlay after the two women started arguing. Part of Ms Findlay's ear was torn off. A man was also attacked. Galloway admitted assault by inciting her pet to attack Ms Findlay. Sentence at the High Court in Aberdeen was deferred.
Connor Williams, 17, and Conor Tiley, 18, died in a crash on New Road, Tir-y-Berth, Hengoed, on 3 January. Williams was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Gwent Police confirmed no further action would be taken.
Uncapped trio Mike Williams, Nathan Catt and Alex Lozowski named. Prop Ellis Genge, 21, is also in the 34-man squad for the Six Nations. James Haskell, Maro Itoje, Anthony Watson, Jack Clifford and George Kruis all return after injury. England head coach Eddie Jones
Woolly mammoths died out 4,000 years ago after their DNA became riddled with errors. This was the first case of "genomic meltdown" in a single species. Knowledge of the last days of the mammoth could help modern species on the brink of extinction.
Johnson was a founder member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. He played Romeo and Mark Anthony in Julius Caesar.
The 32-year-old was attacked in St George's Gardens shortly after midnight. Detectives have appealed to two witnesses who saw the suspect and the victim.
Site was used to emulate conditions soldiers would face in France and Belgium. More than 100 pieces of graffiti have been uncovered in the chalk walls. Training relics such as grenades, ammunition and food tins were also found.
Operation Manna dropped nearly 7,000 tonnes of food over The Netherlands. The country had lost 20,000 people through starvation. A ceremony at the cathedral to unveil the mosaic was attended by representatives. Bomber Command veterans also met with some who had been helped.
Medway Council is to stop new takeaways opening near secondary schools. There are currently 179 takeaways within 400m of a school. British Retail Consortium said it was simplistic to treat all fast food restaurants in the same way.
Lego regularly gives away free toys via the paper, but said there would be no more 'in the foreseeable future' Lego did not say why the tie-up had ended - but said it had listened carefully to parents and grandparents. Stop Funding Hate has lobbied firms to stop advertising with some newspapers.
PEP005 is an ingredient in a treatment to prevent cancer in sun-damaged skin.
Mohammed Ali, 31, is accused of attempting to possess a chemical weapon. He allegedly tried to order 500mg of ricin, which would have killed 1,400 people. The father of two from Liverpool denies the charge at the Old Bailey.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood launches party's manifesto for 2015 general election. She said 17 years of Labour rule had brought "economic stagnation" She said people in Wales were "crying out for competent leadership" Party wants to cut NHS waiting times, improve school standards and fund free care for the elderly. It
Harlow became one of the UK's first post-war settlements in 1947. It is credited with having the first modern high-rise residential tower block. The town also included the first all-pedestrian shopping precinct.
Sale are in talks with four or five international players, says Steve Diamond. Diamond says there is no urgency to bring players in for next season.
The 37-year-old announced his decision after playing the whole match. Karagounis made his international debut in 1999. The midfielder was released by Fulham at the end of last season.
Stevie Mallan missed the game's best chance for St Mirren when he failed to score from the penalty spot. St Mirren now lead Group G by three points. Ayr United manager Ian McCall: "I thought it was a really poor game of football"
Lee O'Donnell pulled it off at the Monster Jam World Finals in Las Vegas, USA. Watch this fantastic flipping stunt!
March organised by trade unionists, councillors, Labour Party members, and MSPs. They are calling for action by the Scottish and UK governments. Up to 270 jobs could be lost after Tata Steel announced plans to mothball the plants.
Watchdog wants to see warnings - like "ad" or "sponsored" - in the video's title or a symbol in the thumbnail. Fleur de Force has more than one million YouTube subscribers. She thinks highlighting sponsored content would "distract from the content"
Boy from Northern Ireland was removed from mainstream schooling in June. His parents requested a place for him at a special school but are still waiting. The boy misses being around people and does not understand why he is not able to go to school.
Ukraine's president signs deal to end anti-government protests. National unity government will be formed and a presidential poll will be held. Opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk says parliament has now approved the deal.
Australia is holding a federal election on 2 July. The country has run through a slew of prime ministers in recent years. Artist Laurent Sanguinetti looks at Australia's revolving-door of political leadership.
Investigators in Operation Pallial have found evidence of 140 allegations of historical abuse between 1963 and 1992. Seventy six new complainants have also come forward. The claims centre on 18 homes involving offences against boys and girls aged between seven and 19. A total of 84 suspected offenders have been named - 75 male and
29-year-old's body was discovered at the DoubleTree by Hilton on Eastfield Road. Emergency services were called but the man was pronounced dead at the scene.
Both were injured during Tuesday's 31-31 draw with Hurricanes. Neither featured in the Lions' opening Test defeat. They will leave the tour party after Saturday's second Test in Wellington.
Rakels could make his competitive debut for Lech in their Europa League qualifier against Pelister on Thursday. The Latvia international made just three appearances in all competitions last season for Reading.
Lana Del Rey's Lust For Life is her fifth album in six years. It bursts at the seams, with 16 tracks all co-written with Rick Nowels. The title track is a pulse-raising duet with The Weeknd. Summer Bummer almost self-destructs, dissolving into digital
This week, protests have broken out in Charlotte, North Carolina and Tulsa, Oklahoma. Over 100 unarmed black people were killed by police in the US in 2015. Five experts share their thoughts on rebuilding trust between black American communities and the police.
Sir Michael Wilshaw says 15 unregistered schools have been found. He has written to the education secretary to say they should be closed down. Sir Michael says there are "serious concerns" about the safety of children. But Nicky Morgan says the government has taken "robust steps"
Manchester City Women lead the WSL 1 table ahead of defending champions Chelsea Ladies and third-placed Birmingham City. Keep up to date with all of the key signings before the season resumes on 26 June.
Aljaz Bedene has been unable to overturn a ban preventing him from representing Great Britain in the Davis Cup. The 27-year-old became a British citizen in 2015. To go to the Olympics, a player must have been available for the Davis cup. Bedene represented Slovenia in three Davis Cup ties
The 37-year-old says Rio 2016 will be one of his last competitions. Rodriguez lies fifth overall after nine stages of this year's Tour de France.
Tribunal found Maria McKeith's dismissal was linked to her role as primary carer for her disabled daughter. This was contrary to the Disability Discrimination Act 1995, it said. Ms McKeith worked part-time for the association from 2010 until she was dismissed in March 2015. The finding was appealed by the Ard
Boris Johnson has just declared he'll be campaigning for Britain to leave the EU. But many are still wondering about the motivations that lie behind his decision. Michael Gove's decision to join Vote Leave has not impressed some true believers.
Joey Dunlop won a record 26 Isle of Man TTs and 24 Ulster GPs. His son Gary will make his debut with his father's famous number three plate. The 2016 Ulster Grand Prix will run between August 8 and 13.
Massimo Cellino has not sold his 75% share in the Championship club. A 'Time To Go, Massimo' poster appeared on an advertising board outside the East Stand on Thursday. Cellino is currently appealing a ban from the Football League.
Founded in 2009 by Joan Murphy and Jo Black, Frame offers a range of classes. The pay-as-you-go model means members can drop in without signing up for more. Ms Black and Ms Murphy are now looking to open more gyms outside of London.
Liverpool's Dickens was due to fight Rigondeaux in March. The Cuban had to call off the fight because of visa issues. Dickens has won his first 10 professional fights.
The scheme was introduced by the Irish government four years ago. It was aimed at those who do not qualify for full citizenship. As few as 3,000 certificates have been sold since the 2011 launch.
One-year-old livestock taken from Coltfield area between Wednesday and Thursday. Police Scotland said theft of such a large number of sheep would have required 'careful planning'
New Zealand fighter failed to impress against the Romanian who took the bout at two weeks' notice. The champion landed sporadic flurries throughout but never looked like scoring a stoppage in Auckland. He has said he will campaign overseas, with Britain's WBA and IBF champion Anthony Joshua a potential opponent.
Mr Trump declared Nato was "no longer obsolete" and dropped his pledge to declare China a currency manipulator. He also said he was no longer opposed to a federal exports agency he once dismissed as "unnecessary" And the president signalled he was open to reappointing Janet Yellen as head of the Federal Reserve.
Alan King-trained Ma Filleule led all the way to give Tony McCoy his 19th Cheltenham win. The 16-time Champion jockey is retiring this season. McCoy's wife Chanelle and several of his family members were waiting in the winner's enclosure.
Full-back posed with four team-mates in fancy dress. Mr Williams was criticised by Show Racism the Red Card. He said he was not a racist and there was "no malice behind it"
Mr Bich shot to fame last week over his complaint that his account had been shut down. The post dated back to January, but received hundreds of thousands of likes. His name when properly pronounced in Vietnamese, which is a tonal language, sounds like "Phoo Da Bi"
Supermarket will open Giraffe branches near to Tesco stores. Tesco has been revamping its UK stores over the past year. It reported its strongest growth in UK Christmas sales for three years.
Ryan Walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the Edinburgh Festival. The 42-year-old said only two people refused out of the 103 people he asked. Now the father-of-three's pictures will go on display at Out of the Blue Drill Hall.
A distressing image of a young boy has been released by a Turkish news agency. It shows him lying face-down on a beach, surrounded by bodies. The picture is trending worldwide under the #KiyiyaVuranInsanlik ("humanity washed ashore") hashtag.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Anderlecht in the Europa League. Memphis Depay put the visitors ahead in the first leg. But Pione Sisto and Paul Onuachu gave the hosts victory.
Adam Scorer was speaking after it emerged that the Grenfell Tower fire started in a Hotpoint fridge-freezer. He said there was no central system to relay information about products to the public. Sir Vince Cable said trading standards were a problem area because they were not a statutory obligation of local government.
Two women aged 18 and 19 from Grangetown, and a third aged 19 from London, have been charged with fraud by false representation. Arrests made after people were approached by cold callers who claimed to be collecting money for Unicef. Charity confirmed no one had been authorised to fundraise in the area
Former Walt Disney chief executive has made an offer to buy 100% of the League Two champions. Eisner's offer of £5.67m plus an additional investment of £10m in equity will be voted on by club shareholders and members of the Pompey Supporters' Trust.
A man in his 20s said to be a Pakistani was found dead in his tent on Monday. Local media have cited carbon monoxide poisoning as a possible cause of deaths. More than 60,000 migrants and refugees currently live in camps around Greece.
A UK team has scanned each of its 360 bones into a computer and digitally reconstructed the dinosaur. The specimen, nicknamed "Sophie", has been acquired by the Natural History Museum in London. Sophie is 80% complete and is thought to be the most complete specimen in the world.
Oliver Schmidt, a former head of VW's engineering and environmental office in the US, admitted to participating in an attempted cover-up. He faces up to seven years in prison, and up to $400,000 (£306,000) in fines. The scandal has cost Volkswagen as much as $25bn.
Human papillomaviruses, Helicobacter pylori and hepatitis B and C viruses account for 1.9m cases of cervical, gut and liver cancers. The proportion of cancers related to infection is about three times higher in parts of the developing world.
UK and Turkey to step up intelligence co-operation on Islamic State. Prime Minister David Cameron is in Ankara for talks with his Turkish counterpart. He said British jihadists had "sometimes" passed through Turkey. The US and EU want Turkey to take a more active role in tackling IS.
Tim Peake became the first British astronaut on the International Space Station in December. On his return to Earth, he says the first meal he'd like to eat is pizza. Peake says there's still a lot of work to do on the ISS and science experiments.
For September, Radio 1 will have four new presenters on the 10:00 to 13:00 slot. Abbie McCarthy, Katie Thistleton, Jordan North and Yasser will present two shows each. Controller Ben Cooper told BBC News it was "a great way to celebrate Radio 1's 50th birthday"
Twenty-one animals had first beached at Staffin on Monday afternoon. Most of the whales were saved but 10 then went on to strand themselves. Eight whales died including a female and her new born calf.
"Operation Decisive Storm" began on 25 March. The aim was to reverse the takeover of Yemen by rebels and restore power. But neither has been achieved yet.
BBC Radio 4 put a prompt on social media ahead of Valentine's Day. "Tell us a story about love," inviting anyone in the world to make a two-minute voice recording of their relationship story. Then, I would knit the contributions into a half-hour of online dates, first loves,
The Cumbernauld-based firm said it would cut Irn Bru's sugar content from about 10g per 100ml to just below 5g. It will reduce the calorie count per can from just under 140 to about 66.
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg confirmed the decision to keep Peter Thiel on board. Mr Thiel has been criticised for using his wealth to try and silence part of the media. That poses a potential issue for Facebook at a time when it is trying to convince parts of the industry to host articles on its platform.
Eric was the UK's first humanoid robot, built in 1928. He toured the world as a showcase for futuristic technology. But Eric disappeared without explanation in the 1930s. Museum is now trying to raise £35,000 to rebuild him.
Gangs known as "maras" are believed to be largest contributor to soaring murder rates. In June, gang members set fire to a bus, killing 17 people. Government has proposed a tough "anti-mara" bill that makes it a criminal offence to belong to a gang or contribute to gang finances
Six sports shared a fund of £13.4m over the past four years. That pot could now be boosted for the 2018 Olympics in South Korea. Lizzy Yarnold continued Britain's proud tradition of winning a medal at each Olympics.
Craig Peacock fired the hosts into a ninth minute lead. Manchester hit back three minutes later courtesy of Vinny Scarsella's breakaway goal. Luke Salazar moved in front six seconds before the end of the second period. Matthew Davies scored in the final minute to seal the win.
Keir Starmer said there was a'very strong case' for the CPS to make final decision. Currently, police forces decide whether to pass a case on to the CPS. The CPS said cases should be referred to a prosecutor as early as possible.
Jackie Powell was arrested last year on suspicion of preventing the lawful burial of Keith Bennett. Brady, now 74, and Myra Hindley murdered five children between 1963 and 1965. Keith Bennett is the only one of their victims never to be found.
Carlisle United took the lead through Reggie Lambe. Jamie Devitt was shown a second yellow card for a tug on Gary Roberts. Just before the break, Portsmouth equalised through Carl Baker. Michael Smith missed an open goal early in the second half.
Research published in the latest edition of Nature journal. Researchers say the electron differs from being perfectly round by a minuscule amount. They stress the new observation does not rule out super-symmetry. But it does not support the theory, according to Imperial College London researchers.
Dominic Grieve says right to report proceedings in Parliament does not extend to all media. Remarks repeated "out of context" might not be covered, he suggests. MPs protected from prosecution over statements made in Parliament.
Thomas Buckett, now 21, fell 15ft through a skylight at Clayton Hall Business and Language College. He shattered one side of his skull and was in a critical condition for two weeks. A compensation claim launched by his family was thrown out on Monday. Staffordshire County Council described it as a "terrible incident
Andre Greipel won the 100.5-mile stage from Glasgow to Castle Douglas. Australian Caleb Ewan finished second with Dutch rider Ramon Sinkeldam third. Sir Bradley Wiggins finished safely in the peloton.
UK Parking Control has investigated allegations one of its employees changed timestamps on photos. UKPC operates more than 1,400 sites nationwide and similar problems have been reported outside Lincoln. The company said it had worked "to mitigate the risk of this re-occurring"
Glasgow City Council's plans include improvements for pedestrians and cycle routes. Funding for the improvements will come from the £1.13bn Glasgow City Region City Deal. Project will complement University of Glasgow plans to expand its campus.
The song United We Stand brings together Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Malian singer Salif Keita. Lyrics include the line "Africa is our home, make it a better place" At least seven people have died over a month of attacks on foreigners in South Africa.
A 32-year-old man is in police custody in connection with the death. The woman's body was found at Knowle Close, Redditch.
Stand-off between ministers and vice-chancellors was beginning to develop. Opposition parties frustrated that many of the higher education bosses were lobbying them heavily. But it was clear that universities weren't happy, and it was adding to simmering resentment over the government's tuition fee policy.
Presenter described hunting and shooting opponents as "nasty brigade" in magazine article. BBC received complaints from readers that he should not have expressed opinion. But BBC Trust said the strapline made clear the article was an opinion piece.
Coco Crisp hits pinch-hit single in the seventh inning to win World Series game for Indians. Game four takes place in Chicago on Saturday. Indians seeking first World Series title since 1948.
Bracknell, who played Zoe Tate in the ITV series from 1989 to 2005, set up the campaign for treatment in Germany. The appeal, launched on a donations website, received more than 2,000 contributions within three days.
Andy Carroll scores late penalty to earn West Ham a point against Leicester. Jamie Vardy was sent off for Leicester for two bookable offences. Leicester had not conceded in their previous 574 minutes of Premier League action.
China is undergoing what has been described as a second industrial revolution. It is one of the world's top exporters and is attracting record amounts of foreign investment. Some Chinese fear that the rise of private enterprise and the demise of state-run industries carries heavy social costs.
The Duke of Edinburgh, Prince William and Prince Harry will be at the party too. The Patron's Lunch will be attended by 10,000 guests.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk. Post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram.
Georgia Tech researcher has developed an algorithm to help robots avoid falling over. Karen Liu hopes the algorithm will eventually help robots learn how to recover from a fall.
Everyone, even children, had to carry an ID card during World War Two. The wartime ID card system remained in place after 1945, eventually going out of use in the early 1950s. Labour revived the idea of a national identity card scheme at the start of the new century. At the time the project
Brendan Rodgers has already moved into his office at Celtic Park. The former Liverpool boss invited Celtic captain Scott Brown for dinner. Rodgers also spoke to Charlie Mulgrew about his future at the club.
In May, 14 Fifa officials and sports marketing executives were indicted in the US on racketeering charges involving more than $150m (£97m) "Substantial evidence" has been gathered so far, according to Lynch. Swiss investigation looking into bids for 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Lancaster left the role on Wednesday after England's World Cup failure. Gatland's Wales beat England at Twickenham to help the hosts' demise. New Zealander Gatland is contracted to Wales until 2019.
Mr Comey told Congress under oath he believed he was fired to influence his investigation into the Trump campaign. The ex-FBI boss led one of several Russia inquiries before he was sacked. It is not clear what falsehoods Mr Trump is referring to but his lawyer has rejected as untrue several key parts of Mr Comey
Bradford Council's returning officer made the report to police. It is against the law to discuss voting while polls are open. Mr Galloway snatched the traditionally held Labour seat in 2012.
Two sections of the A3055 Undercliff Drive suffered landslips in February 2014. The landslide created a three-mile detour between Niton and St Lawrence. Residents resurfaced the road themselves in October 2014 but the council shut it again for safety reasons.
Mexican wrestling is a fast-paced sport with competitors donning colourful costumes, masks and make up. Players of the video game have 30 wrestling characters to choose from.
Gary Neville raised £930 at a charity fundraising music night he organised. He was prosecuted for failing to give the cash to the Neuroblastoma Children's Cancer charity. Oscar Knox, a five-year-old boy from Glengormley, died from the rare and aggressive cancer in May
Mr Hockey's appointment comes after he left politics following his removal as treasurer by Malcolm Turnbull. He had been seen as a close ally of Tony Abbott who was ousted as PM by Mr Turnbull in a party vote in September. Mr Turnbull said Mr Hockey was "a great Australian, he is one of the
The scheme was set up by former first minister Arlene Foster in 2012. Its aim was to increase consumption of heat from renewable sources. However, businesses received more in subsidies than they paid for fuel.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared on Kos. South Yorkshire Police said the current line of inquiry, that Ben was killed accidentally, was the most probable cause of the boy's disappearance. A friend of a digger driver, who was clearing land with an excavator on the day the
He was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital. He is reported to be in a stable condition.
A record nine players share the halfway lead on eight under. First-day leader Bradley Dredge (72) and English Ryder Cup player Andy Sullivan (68) are among them.
People started fastening padlocks to cables on St Botolph's Bridge, Boston. The locks supposedly symbolise the everlasting bond between two lovers. Lincolnshire County Council said it had to remove the locks because they could potentially damage the cables.
Hamilton is 33 points behind the German with 100 available in the last four races. The Briton said: "You can't win them all. Look at the great champions who lost titles. It's part of the game" Hamilton has won three of the four US Grands Prix held at the Circuit of
Man, in his 30s, found with chest injuries in red Mazda in Barton, Oxford. Rafal Stawski, 34, of Mayfair Road, charged with one count of murder. A 31-year-old man, also arrested, has been released without charge.
Scottish Fire and Rescue's water rescue units attended the incident. The dog's body was later recovered from the water.
Victoria police warned that such escapades would "not be tolerated" Clowns have also been spotted in Sydney, with one pictured loitering outside a fast food restaurant. The sinister craze began in South Carolina with reports that men dressed as clowns were trying to coax children into the woods with money.
Hampshire beat Gloucestershire by 24 runs to go third in South Group. Durham Jets beat Leicestershire to record first win of season. Sussex and Middlesex also lose to bad weather in Hove.
India reached 139-6 at stumps on day one of the fourth Test against South Africa. India lead the series 2-0 and have won the last two matches. Ajinkya Rahane hit 89 not out in India's first innings total.
Regulator Ofgem said there were 3.8 million switches in the first six months of the year. This was the second six months in a row that the switching total broke three million. The data follows a major report into competition in the energy market.
Just 51% of the 6,500 children monitored achieved the recommended hour of physical activity each day. For girls, the figure was just 38%, compared with 63% for boys. Half of the group also spent more than six hours being sedentary each day, although some of this would be spent in class.
Scientists at Imperial College London examined the bone structure of hip-fracture patients who had been treated with bisphosphonates. They found evidence the drugs were linked to microscopic cracks.
St Mirren have signedammy Smith from Aberdeen. The Dons loaned him to Dundee United in July. Smith has scored five goals this season.
About 680 customers in Bury and 480 in Rochdale are still cut off. Company has reconnected more than 24,750 customers in the past two days. Environment Agency say flood defences need a 'complete rethink'
Passengers will need a prepaid or concessionary ticket, Oyster card or contactless payment card. TfL said only 0.7% of all bus journeys were paid for with cash. Green Party said more ticket outlets were needed and questioned how vulnerable passengers would cope.
Edinburgh will move from Murrayfield to George Watson's College ground. Myreside's capacity is to be increased to around 6,000 with temporary stands. The Pro12 side last played there during the 2015 Six Nations.
expansion plans include new stores in Port Glasgow and Irvine. Existing stores in Clarkston, Ayr and Livingston will also be enlarged. Family-owned business is currently celebrating its centenary.
The Garmin Vivosmart, Fitbit Charge, Misfit Shine and Jawbone Up Move are all in the dock. At their worst, one day saw a variation between them of 23% in distance covered. Both companies are united in saying that it's not the figures that matter, but the pattern.
Independent panel finds police "sought to deflect responsibility" on to Liverpool fans. Chief Constable David Crompton confirms statements were seeking to lessen police blame.
Car, van and lorry crash on M6 between junctions 10 and 10a. The road was closed for about 15 hours with tailbacks to junction 7.
Officials have concluded that the airliner ended its journey in the Indian Ocean. No trace of the plane has been found and there is no explanation for its disappearance. Four pings that officials believed could be from the missing plane's "black box" flight recorders were heard by search teams using a towed pinger locator
Promoted Edinburgh City lost 3-2 at home to Forfar. Annan beat Stirling Albion by the same score line. Clyde edged out Montrose 2-1, and Elgin City were 1-0 winners away to Cowdenbeath. Arbroath were held at home by Berwick Rangers in a 1-1 draw.
Scotland voted to remain in the EU in the referendum held on 23 June. Now some people are saying that Scotland should get independence from the rest of the UK, so that it can join the EU again on its own.
Malcolm Layfield, 63, denies raping an 18-year-old from Chetham's School of Music. Manchester Crown Court heard the attack occurred during a trip to Cornwall. Prosecutor David Cadwallader said the alleged victim didn't complain at the time.
Beijing imported almost 524,000 barrels per day, a 35% jump from the previous month. The surge comes even as the US has asked countries to cut oil imports from Iran. Beijing, the biggest buyer of Iranian crude oil, defended its imports.
In 2014 a company was awarded a £39m deal to purchase larch timber. The firm was meant to have built a saw line by March 2016. That deadline was missed and extended by 12 months to March 2017. Chief executive Emyr Roberts did not give a clear answer as to whether that has
LGA said councils would still face a combined shortfall of £6.8bn by end of Parliament. Government said council tax was expected to be lower in 2020 than a decade earlier.
A seven-year-old Japanese boy was left in the woods by his parents as a punishment. News of his disappearance broke early on Sunday and then the dramatic admission came 24 hours later. The Japanese public has collectively worried about Yamato Tanooka, trying to make sense of the situation.
England face South Africa at The Oval on Wednesday. Alastair Cook's men will have their work cut out to overcome a growing side. The all-Asian second semi-final is a repeat of the 2011 World Cup final.
Mo Farah started athletics aged 12 and went on to win two gold medals at London 2012. Now he has his sights set on the next Olympic Games, Rio 2016. He shared his tips for young athletes with Newsround.
Mr Farage stepped down in the summer, returned to the leader's role on an interim basis. There are currently six candidates, with nominations closing on Monday. Mr Kassam pledged to increase UKIP's membership to 100,000 by the next election.
Former Irish PM Bertie Ahern says border poll is not the answer to Northern Ireland's problems. He says Imaginative thinking is needed to ensure trade continues. But he says customs checks are inevitable after the UK leaves the customs union.
About 180 Merseyside men and women fought in the Spanish Civil War. Jack Jones survived and became the leader of the Transport and General Workers' Union. He was heavily involved with the unions until he died aged 96 last year.
The 20-year-old was shot in Malvern Road in Kilburn, north-west London. It is believed she was standing with a group when they were "approached by a number of suspects"
CNN's Richard Quest looks at the role of the internet in the UK. He looks at how social media has changed the way we communicate. Quest also looks at what social media can do to a democracy.
Balochistan has seen a long-running conflict between security forces and separatists. Mr Bugti, 34, is regarded as one of the most hardline of the Baloch separatist leaders. His remarks are being viewed as an olive branch to the military.
Eurosceptic cabinet ministers worried PM would be setting terms of debate. They didn't commit officially to a position, but sense in Downing Street was that there was no need to shift cabinet from its usual Tuesday spot. But one senior figure had already resolved to break their silence and reveal their plan to campaign
The 75-year-old governed Peru for a decade before being impeached in 2000. He was extradited to Peru in 2007 and convicted of human rights violations. The former leader still has supporters in Peru and vowed to reveal his thoughts online.
Human papilloma virus (HPV) is sexually transmitted. Girls aged 12 and 13 receive vaccine to protect them against cervical cancer. Welsh government said it is waiting for advice from Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation.
Marc Carter's plea to find a replacement sippy cup for son Ben was retweeted more than 12,000 times. The 14-year-old has only drunk from the double-handled vessels, which are no longer produced, since the age of two. Tommee Tippee said it will produce 500 cups after
Fulham take first half lead through Sone Aluko. Ex-Brentford keeper David Button saves Josh Clarke's effort. Tom Cairney doubles Fulham's lead in stoppage time. Brentford fail to find the net for fourth time in six Championship games.
Mr Ayrault is like Mr Fabius, a former prime minister, leading the government from 2012-14. The leader of the Greens, Emmanuelle Cosse, has been named housing minister. Segolene Royal - a former presidential candidate - has been given an expanded portfolio.
Naked man spotted outside his hotel on Chorlton Street, Manchester. Greater Manchester Police said it was a "genuine case of sleepwalking"
Here's what you need to know about the Winter Olympics in Sochi. Follow all the action live here on CNN.com.
The 34-year-old joined Wycombe on Sunday. He saw red during the first game of their pre-season trip to France. An opponent shoved Wycombe's Luke O'Nien to the ground.
Philadelphia Democrat Chaka Fattah found guilty of racketeering, fraud and money laundering. The 59-year-old is one of the most senior black lawmakers in Congress. His lawyers said the schemes were run without his knowledge.
UK Sport predict seven medals - beating best haul from Chamonix 1924. GB boss Mike Hay says target is a 'vote of confidence' Lizzy Yarnold, Shelley Rudman, James Woods and the women's curling team all medal contenders.
Scottish and UK governments locked in talks over financial deal. Financial framework will underpin new powers being devolved to Scotland. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon dismissed previous offer as resulting in £3bn cut.
Dayle Southwell scored the only goal of the game in first-half stoppage time. The Chairboys, searching for their first league victory since 13 August, saw the game out to record their second league victory of the season.
Bailey Gwynne died after being stabbed in the heart at Cults Academy in October. His 16-year-old killer had denied murder but was convicted of culpable homicide. He was sentenced by Lady Stacey at the High Court in Edinburgh. The boy was handed an eight-year sentence - and the supervision -
Peter Chambers and Will Fletcher through to men's lightweight double sculls semi-finals. Holly Nixon, Joel Cassells and Rebecca Shorten qualify for women's quadruple sculls final. GB crew includes Belfast's Rebecca Shorten making her senior international debut.
A man was taken to hospital after the accident on 9 June and died two weeks later from his injuries. Police believe the seven-time Grand Slam champion was at fault. But a lawyer for Williams said it was an 'unfortunate accident'
Chess boxing is seeing an early surge of interest in India. The game involves alternate rounds of chess and boxing. Globally, 13 countries, including the US, Germany, Russia, the UK and France, play the game.
The SETI Institute had to shut the $30m (£18.3m) Allen Telescope Array in April. Donors, including actress Jodie Foster, raised more than $200,000 (£122,000) The 42 radio telescopes search space for potential signals from alien life forms.
Ross Thomson and Graham Simpson filled ballot paper outside Holyrood. Fellow Tory MSP Margaret Mitchell also backs exit, but Ruth Davidson is in favour. Scottish remain campaign highlights contribution EU makes to research funding.
David Nisbet, 28, from Edinburgh, pleaded guilty to committing a breach of the peace. It took firefighters 30 minutes to get him down. Nisbet had been in court on a domestic matter that day.
Members were unable to reach a compromise after eight hours of talks. Committee had considered plans to reinstate elections to the shadow cabinet. Since 2011, the party leader has selected his own top team.
Nottinghamshire Police said it would expand its categories to include misogynistic incidents. It means abuse or harassment which might not be a crime can be reported to and investigated by the police. Nottingham Women's Centre said it hopes it will help give more victims the courage to report incidents.
Spotlight poll suggests 65% to 17% majority for Northern Ireland remaining in the UK. More than 90% of those who identify themselves as Protestants want to stay. But 38% of Catholics also favoured remaining within the UK - three percentage points more than the number who backed a united Ireland.
Just two of the five refugees transferred by Australia to Cambodia now remain. Australia has promised to give Cambodia A$40m in aid and A$15m in resettlement costs. Those found to be genuine refugees are not allowed to settle in Australia.
Machynlleth resident, Angharad Penrhyn Jones, took to Twitter to complain. He said: "The more you weigh, the harder it is to get kidnapped. Eat cake!" Cafe's owner said the sign was not meant to be distasteful or offensive. April, five, went
The 49-year-old was convicted at the Old Bailey after backing the group in an oath of allegiance published online. Police say Choudary's followers carried out attacks in the UK and abroad. The judge passed the same sentence on his confidant Mohammed Mizanur Rahman, 33. Both men
Jac Davies was rescued from an upstairs bedroom but died at the scene. His three-year-old brother was also rescued and taken to Swansea's Morriston Hospital. They were all suffering from suspected smoke inhalation. The cause of the blaze is being investigated by the police and fire service.
Apple plans to return more than $130bn to shareholders by the end of this year. The move comes despite the company sitting on a cash pile of $178bn. Some of the bonds are set to mature in five years, while others will not do so for another three decades.
East Kent Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust serves a population of 750,000 people. It was deemed inadequate by the independent watchdog, the Care Quality Commission, in August. Concerns were raised about a culture of bullying at the organisation.
China urged Mr Trump to understand the sensitivity of the Taiwan issue. The US has formal ties with China rather than the island of Taiwan. Mr Trump said he saw no reason why this should continue without key concessions.
More than 260 children had been left at the welfare home in Guangzhou since 28 January. Staff will continue caring for babies already at the centre, all of whom suffer from illnesses. China introduced the hatches so parents could abandon infants safely rather than leaving them in the streets. Supporters say hatches save lives, but
Gustavo Silva Da Cruz, 19, got into difficulty at Camber Sands, East Sussex. Mohit Dupar, 36, attempted to reach him but died in hospital four days later. Mr Dupar died from a brain injury caused by cardiac arrest due to drowning.
Ed Miliband has forsworn offering us unaffordable bribes to get elected. But it is the other parts of the lock that would be important to keep a Labour government fiscally constrained. Labour would 'get national debt falling and a surplus on the current budget'
Harry Greaves, from Bronygarth near Oswestry, was visiting friends in Peru. He emailed his family twice saying he was enjoying his trip. On 7 April he told his friends he planned on going on a mountain expedition. The 29-year-old has not been in contact since - which
Peru's President says he aims to cut poverty to 15% by end of his term. Humala took office in 2011 vowing to eradicate poverty and social exclusion. Many Peruvians complain that he has not done enough to share the wealth from the country's exploitation of natural resources.
Man, in his 20s, was rescued by volunteer crew from Bangor RNLI. The alarm was raised by Mark Pollock, who was working in Banks Car Park. Hearing faint shouts, he initially thought it was someone calling for their dog.
Biker Mark Smith said he was told he would no longer be served at his local pub. The pub is owned by Samuel Smiths brewery, based in North Yorkshire. Solicitor Euan Lawrence said it was not against the law for the brewery to ban bikers from its pubs.
Leeds Rhinos beat Warrington Wolves. Matt Parcell scored a hat-trick. Joel Moon scored his 15th try in 16 games.
Second-placed Brechin City and Alloa Athletic, who are third, also won against Peterhead and Stenhousemuir respectively. Airdrieonians, who occupy the other promotion play-off place, beat Albion Rovers 2-1 to stretch their advantage over their opponents to five points. Queen's Park were 2-0
Castlepoint in Bournemouth opened in 2003 but the two-level car park has been reinforced with props since 2005. Planning permission has been granted for it to be demolished and rebuilt in sections. Work is expected to be completed by Christmas 2018.
The mill has been operating since 1770 and is synonymous with cider production in the county. Fruit pulping will continue and apples will be still be sourced from local farmers. Trade union Unite has criticised the closure, describing it as 'disgraceful'
Inquiry was sparked by claims of paedophiles operating in Westminster in 1980s. Justice Lowell Goddard thanked Mr McKelvie for his work on the Victims and Survivors Consultative Panel.
The two Churches will be debating the report over the coming months. The Columba Declaration appears within the Growth in Communion, Partnership in Mission report.
Six-month-old Molly-Mae Wotherspoon was fatally attacked by an American pit bull. Mother Claire Riley and grandmother Susan Aucott are currently in prison. Northamptonshire Police said it had "overhauled" its dangerous dogs policy.
Rachel Williams returns to the squad for the first time since April 2013. England are preparing for July's European Championship in the Netherlands. Lionesses face Norway on Sunday 22 January and Sweden two days later.
Voters in the 1975 referendum look back on their decisions and consider how they will vote this time around. Voters in 1975 chose to remain in the European Economic Community.
Thousands take to the streets in Morocco to demand further political changes. Reforms come after protests inspired by the so-called Arab spring. King will remain head of state, military, and Islamic faith in Morocco.
Kevin Pietersen made his highest Twenty20 score for Durban Dolphins. The 35-year-old hit seven sixes in 100 from 45 balls. Pietersen last played for England in the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Cross-community group of politicians and human-rights activists involved in bid. Solicitors have written to PM urging her to consider the NI peace process. Majority in Northern Ireland backed Remain in the June referendum.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers is now holding talks with all of the different parties. She expects the talks to take up to six weeks. It is not clear what will happen if the political parties can not come to agreement.
Local farmers wrote to the town hall to object to Monet's plans to extend his garden in 1893. The original documents about the case were unearthed by Ann Dumas, co-curator of the Royal Academy's Painting the Modern Garden: Monet to Matisse exhibition. Its 120 works span the early 1860s to
Plastic-wrapped cardboard boxes ignited after they were stacked close to a 300 watt lightbulb. Southampton store was destroyed after the incident on 13 May. Mr Fitzpatrick said rebuilding the business was a priority.
Two probationary officers filmed themselves near the scene of the air crash. Sussex Police launched an internal investigation after the footage emerged. Assistant Chief Constable Robin Smith recommended they should be dismissed. The pair, aged 23 and 24, have since resigned from the force.
Demarai Gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute. Islam Slimani doubled the lead shortly after. The Algerian scored his second four minutes later. Caolan Lavery's fortuitous late strike cut the deficit. Ahmed Musa fired home in stoppage time to confirm the result.
More than 7,500 people were admitted to hospitals with sepsis last year. Sepsis can be treated effectively with antibiotics - if spotted quickly enough. Health Secretary Vaughan Gething said more needed to be done.
Widow Susan Schneider Williams wants the contents of her home to be excluded from items left to his three children. They were married for five years until the actor's suicide in August 2014. Schneider Williams filed court papers in December claiming some of her husband's personal items had been taken from the home they shared
Rory McWhirter, of Edinburgh, collected identity details from people he had deceived into applying for fake jobs at a Glasgow hotel. He used the details to obtain their marriage certificates before using them to register the fake births. The 33-year-old claimed tax credits amounting to £14,222, child benefits
Luca was selected as an ESA astronaut in May 2009. Travelled to the International Space Station in 2013.
The 29-year-old pedestrian was struck by a silver Renault Clio on the B2173 Maidstone Road. He was pronounced dead at the scene and his next of kin have been informed.
UK court rules ministers acted legally in not suspending arms sales to Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is supporting Yemen's internationally-recognised government. The UN claims strikes on Houthi rebels caused thousands of civilian deaths. Campaigners said UK risks aiding and abetting human rights abusers.
Eoin Morgan and Jos Buttler were out first ball. England needed last-wicket pair Adil Rashid and David Willey to reach 282. India coasted in the chase, Ajinkya Rahane's 91 getting them home.
Shares in the firm in New York rose more than 3% on Tuesday. Carnival said it had managed to generate more money from its cruise passengers.
The South American country will be the first in the world to legally sell the drug over the counter for recreational use. The move was set in motion in 2013 with a law that fully legalised the cannabis trade. Buyers must sign up to a national registry, which will be up and running by 2 May
Sylvia Jenkinson lost one of her closest friends in the explosion in 2015. Dorothy Bailey, William Barks, Derek Moore and Jason Shingler all died. She said the community rallied to help the families of those left behind.
Bristol City Council is using vinegar to kill weeds in the city. But locals are not happy with the pong. They've started a campaign and say they don't think vinegar is strong enough.
Oxford has one of the highest number of employees in vulnerable sectors. Chairman of Oxfordshire Economic Partnership said small firms would not have jobs available.
Three others were injured, one seriously, in the incident at Downsview Park. The collapse happened an hour before the gates were due to open for the concert. Radiohead tweeted that the performance had been cancelled due to "unforeseen circumstances"
Timo Werner opened the scoring for Germany Under-21s in the third minute. Emil Forsberg slotted in a second, then cut a ball back for Werner to make it 3-0 at half-time. Scottish teenager Oliver Burke replaced Werner moments before Stefan Bell headed a consolation goal for Mainz. Bayern lead the table
He reiterated that he wanted high-speed broadband to more than 90% of the country. His comments followed heavy criticism last month from a Lords committee.
WHO sent surveys to 127 countries to check HIV status and health. Found worrying gaps in provision. Warning that United Nation targets for HIV could be missed as a result.
Fay, 33, should win a record 185th cap when Scotland play Slovenia. She made her debut in 1998 against the Czech Republic. Scotland, under coach Anna Signeul, have never been given a better chance.
The 21-year-old has been playing for Icelandic side IBV this summer. Hurst has represented England at Under-16, Under-17, Under-19 and Under-20 level. Crawley manager Richie Barker said he was delighted to secure Hurst's signature.
Leinster end their campaign fifth, seven points shy of the semi-final places. Edinburgh finish eighth for the second consecutive season under head coach Alan Solomons.
Labour leader says his party opposed plans to lower the overall household cap. Mr Corbyn told the New Statesman the cap was responsible for'social cleansing' His spokesman confirmed he was'very much in favour' of getting rid of it altogether. Conservatives said Labour wanted a return to "unlimited welfare handouts"
European Court of Human Rights ruled Romanian man's rights were not violated. Bogdan Barbulescu's employer had read his emails after he broke policy. Bodies representing directors and workers, as well as privacy and human resources groups, all issued similar warnings to bosses.
Legolas was one of the biggest cheetahs ever caught. He helped researchers understand how the animals hunt together. The body was found next to a highway along with a shotgun cartridge.
Councils in England are facing a £1.1bn shortfall this year, report warns. Funding reductions to social care budgets have totalled £4.6bn since 2010. Ministers say extra money will help NHS and social care services work together.
The 37-year-old was deemed surplus to requirements at Ibrox. McCulloch won three top-flight league titles and two Scottish Cups with Rangers.
Sheffield Wednesday are set to pay £10m for on-loan striker Jordan Rhodes. Manager Neil Warnock has outlined his proposals to owner Vincent Tan. Wednesday lost 1-0 at home to Norwich City in the Championship on Saturday.
Mellor joined Widnes on a dual registration contract with Wigan in 2011. The 25-year-old moved permanently to the club in 2013. Widnes coach Denis Betts described Mellor's new deal as an honour.
The 28-year-old has been with the Cherries since 2011. MacDonald came through the Swansea youth system. He has had four stints out on loan at Yeovil.
Healthcare Improvement Scotland (HIS) visited the Stranraer site in November last year and again in January. Despite an action plan being put in place, they said they failed to find "significant improvements" Dumfries and Galloway MP Russell Brown said the report was "utterly damning"
Friend was due to take charge of Southampton and Sunderland on 5 March. concussion protocols mean he will not now do so. The start of the second half was delayed by five minutes as Friend was replaced by Dean Treleaven.
Belize was the United Kingdom's last colony on the American mainland. Today it is cultivating relations with Latin America and the United States. Belize has a problem with violent crime, largely drug-related.
Karen Seldon, 44, of Abercarn, Caerphilly county, was cleared of four counts of sexual activity with a minor. She said she was "angry" that the boy said she sent him provocative pictures of herself on Facebook.
Epidiolex is based on one of the non-psychoactive components of the cannabis plant, CBD. The new trial marks the first time the treatment has been tested in the UK. Initial focus will be on children with Dravet Syndrome, a rare but serious type of epilepsy.
West African bloc Ecowas has given President Jammeh until noon on Friday. Troops have been told to halt their advance until the deadline passes. Last-ditch mediation talks, led by Guinea's President Alpha Conde, are due.
Four days of tuition offered to pupils who are at risk of not achieving a pass grade. Programme targeted at those who require extra support in preparation for GCSE Maths and English.
Denis O'Brien was granted a high court injunction in May to stop RT reporting details of his personal finances. TD Catherine Murphy later made comments regarding his finances under privilege in the Dil. Media organisations returned to court to seek clarity. Judge Donald Binchy said he never intended nor could he
The 24-year-old was released by the Saddlers in May after 19 appearances in three years. MacGillivray is Paul Hurst's seventh signing of the summer.
BG said it was still happy with Shell's £47bn offer for the firm. The deal is expected to be completed by early-2016.
Cumbria tourism boss says there is a need to "reassure" travel firms. Ian Stephens said the reopening of the A591 was a "massive priority" Some areas were hit by flooding three times in as many weeks in December.
Jimmy Ryan had an instant impact, setting up Ash Hunter to lob in the opener. Within minutes it was 2-0, with Bobby Grant nodding home Antoni Sarcevic's cross from the left. Scunthorpe's Paddy Madden scored from the spot when Tom Hooper was pushed over.
Nepalese health system was stretched even before the quake. Save the Children says it is now at breaking point. Most people live in remote areas that can be difficult to access. Surgeons are arriving to fix broken bones, injured spines and head trauma.
David Dixon texted his aunt saying he was safe after the airport blasts. But his family fear he was caught up in a further explosion at a Metro station. Mr Dixon, from Nottingham, lived in the capital with his partner Charlotte Sutcliffe. He is thought to be the only Briton still missing since Tuesday'
Turner has retired after a 15-year career, winning 763 races. In 2008 she became the first female British jockey to ride 100 UK Flat winners in a year.
Oil giant said majority of staff and contractor posts would go this year. The rest expected to be lost by the end of next year, BP said. Job losses amount to about a fifth of BP's North Sea workforce.
Randy Bilyeu went missing in January hunting for a $2m (£1.5m) trove hidden by art dealer and author Forrest Fenn. Thousands have searched for the hoard left by Mr Fenn in 2011.
The crash happened at about 17:35 GMT. A woman was also injured in the crash, but her injuries are not believed to be life threatening. Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the crash to come forward.
At 14, Sophie Hitchon won Commonwealth Youth Games gold in the hammer. Three years later, she became an Under-17 British record holder. The 25-year-old is now coached by former hammer Olympian Tore Gustafsson.
Takings were down 44 per cent compared to last year. This year there was no major release to coincide with the holiday. The only other major new release was the horror film Deliver Us From Evil.
Rolo, a chocolate Labrador, was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an RNLI lifeboat were called in. She was hauled up in a "dog rescue bag" on a line and reunited, uninjured, with her "very happy owners"
Russian cyclist Venera Minakhmetova was killed by a lorry on Wednesday. She was the fourth cyclist to die in London in nine days. 13 cyclists have been killed in London so far this year.
NewcastleGateshead Initiative said hosting the event had brought a windfall to the city. Hotel occupancy reached 99% on match days.
Elliott Bennett hits the post for Bristol City with a right footed shot. Sammy Ameobi's shot from inside the box misses to the left. Cardiff are eighth in the Championship while Bristol City climb up to 20th.
32 dragons were left in a cardboard box on the counter by a friend of a disabled man. Staff warmed them and fed them, and found homes for eight of the animals. They are a docile and quiet species, and require a heated tank, light and UV sources.
Newport climb up to 19th in the table, eight points above the relegation zone, while Mansfield drop to ninth. Ryan Tafazolli had a goal disallowed for the Stags after the break. Scott Boden fired in late on for his fifth goal in four games.
Lee Nicholson, 39, was enlisted by Clare Humble to help dispose of Peter Hedley's body. Humble, 50, was jailed for life in May for murdering Mr Hedley, 49.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk. Post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram.
The SFA's performance director has been conducting a review since taking over from Mark Wotte. Across the seven schools involved throughout Scotland, 374 children receive up to 10 hours a week specialised coaching.
Monet's Nympheas was the top lot at Sotheby's sale of modern and impressionist works. It sold for £31.7m including a buyer's premium, making it the most expensive painting. Mondrian's composition sold for £15.2m, also a record price for modern and
Rosberg holds off late charge by Ricciardo to win Singapore Grand Prix. The German leads team-mate Hamilton by eight points at the top of the standings. Hamilton finished third ahead of Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen.
Graeme McDowell is in contention at the Scottish Open. He is one of five rookies in Darren Clarke's European Ryder Cup team. Only one of the eight Americans in pole position is a rookie.
Pfizer made the drug under its Epanutin brand name. The NHS spent about £2.3m on the drug, the Competition and Markets Authority said. This amount soared to £50m in 2013.
Zanzibar is officially part of Tanzania but has its own government. It was given unanimous approval at CAF's general assembly in March. The semi-autonomous territory is expected to participate in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying.
Audi won Le Mans 13 times between 2000 and 2014. The German-based team finished third in 2015 and 2016. Audi chairman Rupert Stadler said: "We're going to contest the race for the future on electric power"
Southern Water said supplies would gradually return to normal later. Chestnut Avenue is expected to remain closed until Friday.
Ms Dugdale believes new taxes would not be necessary to pay for the plan. She will advocate changes of approach such as ditching SNP plans. At Holyrood election in May next year, Scottish Labour will be defending 38 seats.
Bosnia-Herzegovina international is bidding for full match fitness after recovering from a hernia injury. The visitors are without midfielder Jordan Cousins, who will miss the rest of the season with a quadricep injury.
No single bloc commands majority of 325 seats in parliament.
The remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo are sweeping in from the Atlantic. The west coast is expected to be the worst affected area. Skye Bridge is closed to all vehicles due to high winds.
About 2,000 pieces dating back more than 1,000 years were spotted on the seabed by members of a diving club. At first the group thought the coins were toys, but quickly realised the significance of their discovery. The Antiquities Authority said the find was "so valuable that it's priceless"
Tennis Integrity Unit says Lindahl plotted to throw a match at a minor Australian tournament. Two other Australian players, Brandon Walkin and Isaac Frost, were also disciplined. It comes days after Australian Open junior champion Oliver Anderson was charged with match-fixing.
In 1961 Dr Richard Beeching was paid the same as his ICI salary while on secondment to the government. Since then, we have seen a parade of ever-higher pay packages for supposedly top executives. In 1994 the then chief executive of privatised British Gas, Cedric Brown, was pillori
Achieving C grades in these subjects is crucial for anyone wanting to progress to most vocational courses or apprenticeships. Every year about 40% of candidates fail to meet this standard. Coventry City College is getting record numbers of candidates through their GCSEs by radically changing its approach.
The baby was found alone and abandoned at about 15:30 local time. She was taken to Tallaght Hospital and is in a stable condition. Police are concerned for the welfare of the child's mother.
Jenny Tay and Darren Cheng, both undertakers, took part in a coffin-themed wedding photo shoot. Ms Tay is the daughter of one of Singapore's most famous undertakers. She said: "A large part of the shoot was definitely inspired by our jobs" The shoot took place in a waterway
Elias Kachunga put Huddersfield ahead with his fifth goal of the season. Nahki Wells then struck the bar before Lukas Jutkiewicz equalised. The draw kept Huddersfield third, while Birmingham moved up to seventh.
Johnston will play Denker, a lady's maid to Dame Maggie Smith's character. The hit period drama will return to screens this autumn.
Since June oil prices have more than halved. Brent crude oil has now dipped below $50 a barrel for the first time since May 2009. Opec is determined not to cut production as a way to prop up prices.
The 28-year-old was fined £1768 for every minute he went to training. He was also punished last month after posting a photo of himself alongside his Mercedes car. Wolfsburg's policy only allows employees to turn up to training in a Volkswagen.
Volunteers from Bletchley Park tracked down the keyboard of the Lorenz machine. It was advertised as a telegram machine and was for sale for £9.50. The museum is now asking people to search for the motor, another key piece of equipment.
The projects will get a share of the £450,000 India Wales Fund. Performances will take place in India and Wales. Some of the work will be available online.
Ofsted visited six Schools Partnership Trust academies as part of routine inspections. Found five were not offering good quality education. One school retained its "inadequate" rating by Ofsted. SPTA accepted improvement was needed but said it was "effective"
The 34-year-old spent last season in Serie A with Napoli. Reveillere could make his debut against Arsenal on Saturday.
New measure would "raise the impunity of government officials" It was proposed by the Federal Security Service, successor of KGB. Most Russian MPs are government supporters, so it looks likely to become law.
Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said the two sides "disagree on the facts" Relations between Russia and the West have been tense since Crimea annexation. Russia's envoy also criticised Nato for a military exercise in the Baltic.
The move follows legislation allowing the Scottish Prison Service to interfere with mobile phone signals. Mr MacAskill made the announcement at HMP Shotts, one of two pilot sites for the technology.
More than 20,000 people have been rescued from their homes or cars. Emergency workers say some people are still stuck in their homes. President Barack Obama has declared Louisiana a disaster area.
Jetstar said Capt Sutton was 'leading the way' for female pilots. She had previously been the Boeing 767 fleet captain at Qantas.
BBC has urged Kenyans to verify stories by visiting the BBC website. A recent survey suggested that 90% of Kenyans had seen or heard false news in the run-up to the poll.
The girl, 16, believes she was doped after going to her boyfriend's house. She woke up in a different house, surrounded by 30 men. The rape is said to have taken place in a poor community in western Rio.
Four conservation charities have joined forces to oppose the project. The developers said they were aiming for "minimal intrusion on the landscape"
Sundar Pichai, the chief executive of Google, said the UK was still an attractive place to do business. He said open borders and free movement for skilled migrants were "absolutely" important. Sources at the technology company said if barriers were thrown up to skilled immigration following the vote to leave the EU, some
Shelter was found in a hollow left behind by a fallen tree. It is believed to have been used from 4336 BC. Archaeologists are concerned a planned tunnel will damage the site.
Britain and the Ottoman government sign a treaty recognising the independence of Bahrain in 1913. 1961 - Sheikh Isa Bin-Salman Al Khalifah becomes ruler of Bahrain. 1971 - Bahrain declares independence and signs a new treaty of friendship with Britain. 1996 - Bahrain says it has uncovered a coup plot by an Iranian
Benteke has fallen out of favour under new boss Jurgen Klopp. The 25-year-old joined Liverpool for £32.5m in July 2015. Crystal Palace have been linked with Michy Batshuayi.
Christina Grant's family flew her to Australia following the death of her son and carer, Robert, in February 2015. Her family believed they had met the requirements of her visa, which expires later this month. Immigration officials said they had been working with the family and made no arrangements to remove Mrs Grant
Counties Tyrone, Londonderry and Fermanagh worst affected. Storm Desmond brought high winds and heavy rain on Saturday. Rivers Agency said flooding was caused by blocked culvert grille.
Government-led task force will "fight for a future for our steel industry" It is the latest in a series of task forces set up to tackle problems. They range from job losses to environmental crime and refugee crisis.
Lancashire's Tom Smith has retired from cricket. Smith was named captain for the 2015 season. But he only captained the team in one game after back surgery.
Daniel Braxton, 35, discovered the infant at 07:15 BST on Tuesday. He has told how she was lifeless at the time but managed to revive her. Police are concerned about the welfare of the baby's mother.
Hearts return to the Scottish Premiership after two years in the second tier. Robbie Neilson's side take on St Johnstone in their first game on Sunday. SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster says there is'real anticipation' for the new season.
Colin Riordan is chair of Universities Wales and vice-chancellor of Cardiff University. He said policy of paying majority of Welsh students' tuition fees has to change. Wants it replaced with a means tested grant to help poorer students.
The Addicks dropped into the relegation zone following Tuesday's 3-0 defeat at home to Preston. Charlton have only won two of their 12 league games this term.
China's behaviour is'very worrisome' for foreign companies. Government is resorting to its traditional 'toolbox' of coercive methods.
Sport Wales is on BBC Two Wales every Friday from 6pm. You can also catch it on iPlayer.
Shelter: High housing costs and a lack of personal savings cited as reasons. Online survey questioned 1,581 people in working families with children. Government: "Strong protections" in place for "those who fall on difficult times"
One billion contactless transactions were completed in 2015, the UK Cards Association said. About half of all debit and credit cards are fitted with contactless capability. Shoppers can spend up to £30 on their card by placing it next to a sensor in a shop.
Jack Keene, 17, was involved in a collision between a Renault Clio and a minibus. His family said he was a kind, loving and selfless person. Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses to the incident.
Iraqi commanders insist that 80% of Falluja is under their control. Haider al-Abadi claimed that remaining pockets of IS fighters would be "cleaned out within hours" But clashes between government forces and IS militants continue.
Reading Ladies took the lead through Melissa Fletcher in the second half. Germany forward Isabelle Linden equalised for the visitors on 73 minutes. Match ends, Reading Ladies 1, Birmingham City Ladies 1.
In September the 20-year-old opted to play for England over the Republic of Ireland. Grealish played for the Republic at under-21 level but turned down a call-up to the senior squad for a friendly against England in June.
Annual inflation has been below the Bank of England's 2% target for two years. The BoE said earlier this month that it expected inflation to stay below 1% this year.
Welshman Davies won his second gold in Italy with an F42 discus world record. Hermitage also won gold number two with a world record in the T37 200m.
The trunk road drops from 150m (492ft) to 20m (65ft) in Caithness. There have been accusations that the problem with this section of the A9 was being 'ignored' Documents key to progressing the improvements have been published.
Defender was left out of Saturday's home defeat by Ipswich having started their two previous games. The 25-year-old Ghana defender arrived from League Two side Barnet in May 2016. Heckingbottom added that negotiations for the player, who made 33 appearances for the Championship club last season, "can't
Liberal Democrat AM Eluned Parrott accused ministers of spending public money. She accused them of spending it to "promote themselves before an election" The Welsh government said it was unapologetic about the campaign.
Ian Keatley is named as Paddy Jackson's understudy on the bench. Donnacha Ryan has been struggling with a knee injury. Keith Earls and Simon Zebo start on the wings.
Conservative MP for Sherwood said BBC under-investing in the Midlands. Mark Spencer said people in the region give more than a quarter of UK's licence fee. But the BBC said Mr Spencer's figures did not take into account investment.
Scientists say the object - catalogued as V774104 - is some 500-1,000km across. It will need to be tracked over time to learn the shape and extent of its orbit. The previously recognised most distant object is the dwarf planet Eris.
The EU is trying a more comprehensive, strategic approach to the migrant crisis. It is trying to persuade (woo/push) the migrants' countries of origin, or the transit countries. The EU also plans to send cash and other aid "over there", in the hope of dissuading more refugees
England ran in three tries within eight second-half minutes. Previous biggest win over New Zealand was 13-0 in January 1936. Media playback is not supported on this device.
Open AI says it expects its research to focus on a "positive human impact" The venture's backers include Tesla Motors and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. Scientists have warned that advances in AI could ultimately threaten humanity.
Scotland beat Georgia 58-17 in their Six Nations opener. Tommy Seymour, Sean Maitland, Stuart Hogg and Hamish Watson all scored tries for the hosts. Vasil Lobzhanidze scored two tries for Georgia.
Harlequins coach Conor O'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season. The 45-year-old led Quins to the Premiership title in 2012. O'Shea has been linked with the Italy head coach job.
Voter turnout among 18- to 24-year-olds was estimated to be 43% in 2015. This year, YouGov puts the youth turnout at 58%. Polling traditionally shows that a majority of young people vote Labour. But this year, the proportion has jumped to 63% for 18-29 year-olds.
Sir Neville started his musical career with the London Symphony Orchestra. He later established the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, one of the world's leading chamber orchestras. Its chairman, Paul Aylieff, said Sir Neville's artistic legacy was "immense"
Justin Gatlin beat Usain Bolt in the 100m final at the World Championships. American Gatlin finished in 9.92 seconds, Bolt in 9.95. Media playback is not supported on this device.
The collision happened on the A21 Bangor to Newtownards dual carriageway. A number of people were taken to hospital after the crash. The road was closed overnight but has now reopened.
Before the law was passed, there were about 100 so-called "headshops" selling legal highs. That number has since been reduced to zero. Tobacco, alcohol, caffeine and medicines have been excluded from the ban.
Giannelli Imbula has made just 23 Premier League starts for Stoke. The 24-year-old joined from Porto on a five-and-a-half-year contract in February 2016.
The man was driving a Citroen on the A249 when it hit the lorry. The road was closed for about five hours after the crash.
Josh Clayton, 23, went missing on 13 September. A search was launched for the Tresco Estate worker from Taunton. Police said a body was discovered by a French yachtsman on Wednesday.
Muramasa Sengo, real name Alex Crossan, is a Guernsey-born musician. He came armed with deft beats, exotic instrumentation and heartbreaking lyrics. His most recent track, Love For That, found its way onto the BBC 1Xtra playlist.
Benjamin Netanyahu has won a third term as Israel's Prime Minister. But the results of the election were curiously ambiguous. The star of the evening was Yair Lapid, a famous TV presenter. His new centrist party Yesh Atid should command a place in a Netanyahu-led coalition.
Average daily commute lasts 57.1 minutes, according to the ONS. TUC said stagnant wages and high house prices were to blame. Workers are now less likely to be able to afford to live near work.
The first plane landed on the sand at Traigh Mhor in June 1936. Today, it is one of Highlands and Islands Airports Ltd's busiest sites. Flights to and from Barra are dictated by the tide.
The £22m road bridge is aimed at easing congestion in the north of the city. It was supposed to be completed late last year but issues with re-routing underground utilities have caused a series of delays.
Philip Tron, 32, and his partner's daughter Courtney Boyle, 19, were killed in attack. Cheshire Police officer Elaine McIver, 43, was at concert with her partner. Her family said: "Although we will all miss her beyond belief, we absolutely know she will live in our hearts forever
TfL had wanted to provide £30m for the proposed £175m bridge. Lambeth Council said not enough had been done to attract private sector backing. Council said it would proceed if assurances were made that £30m was not taken from TfL.
Chatsworth's art show features 19 exhibits around the 105-acre garden. The sculptures will be on show until 30 October and members of the public can bid to buy them.
Haroon Syed, of west London, admitted preparing acts of terrorism. He was caught after approaching MI5 officers posing as a fellow extremist. Syed was sentenced to a minimum of 16 years and six months.
Legendary guitarist Henry McCullough died in June after a long career. Belfast singer-songwriter Bap Kennedy also passed away this year. Ulster Orchestra celebrated its 50th anniversary with a special performance.
Nicholas Serota is to step down as director of Tate Modern. He has already delivered on the gallery's 'potential'
Chelsea's reported £30m signing of Cesc Fabregas is the biggest British signing so far. Stoke City have signed four players so far, the most in the Premier League. Rotherham United have signed the most players with 11.
Reading Borough Council has spent four years designing the scheme. The petition, set up by hospital staff, describes the scheme as "problematic" Residents have until 13 June to submit their views to the council.
New Zealand was one of the original nations involved in the TPP. If a deal is concluded it will create a "mega regional" bloc with a combined GDP of $28 trillion.
Sister Nirmala was head of Missionaries of Charity for 12 years. She died surrounded by her sisters in Kolkata, India. The charity cares for the homeless and dying around the world.
Laws had been training with Arsenal but has decided to stay in the north east. She will fill in for regular goalkeeper Helen Alderson, who is going to Africa for a three-month charity work stint.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said it was "ultimately a decision" for PM Theresa May. Mr Jones said he could not "envisage consent being given by Wales" He warned Wales was "unlikely to consent" to a deal unless certain conditions were secured.
Co-op Bank was forced to put itself on the market in February. It was unable to reach a strong enough footing to satisfy Bank of England regulations. In June, it said it was in "advanced discussions" with investors on recapitalisation. Now the bank says the plan has been "substantial
Afghanistan's new president says he wants the country "truly open for business" The World Bank has said that it's harder to do business in Afghanistan than Iran, Iraq, Syria and Zimbabwe. There's massive corruption, a lack of credit, contracts are difficult to enforce and electricity is scarce.
The line between Oxford and Didcot Parkway was closed for 16 days. Flood prevention work took place at Hinksey and the tracks have been raised. Replacement buses were used during the period the line was closed.
Fester was handed in to the Dogs Trust near Darlington in December. The one-year-old was found wandering the streets as a stray. Following an appeal on social media, he has found a new forever family.
Note was sent to his mother's sister shortly after Christmas in 1951. He thanks her for presents she gave him, including a book about ships. The letter, which has a few grammatical errors, is to be sold online.
Government's promised in-out EU referendum was a vote-winner at the election. But it is prompting some Tories to murmur of a 'Corn Laws-style split' in the party. Issues that go to the heart of what the Conservative party is about can split it.
The 1215 charter outlined basic rights with the principle that no one was above the law. It inspired a number of other documents, including the US Constitution and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Scott Brown has captained Scotland in recent weeks. Darren Fletcher is back playing for West Brom. Gordon Strachan's side face England on Wednesday.
Boat will be used to try to ensure the safe landing of boats from Turkey. A narrow stretch of water has become a crossing point for people from Syria and other countries.
Police say they broke up the crowd after being called to the scene of a disturbance. A police car reportedly came under fire and a person was hurt in an apparently unrelated shooting in the same area. Shooting of the 18-year-old drew allegations of police brutality among people in the mainly black suburb of Ferguson
Some of the areas most severely affected are indigenous reserves in the Amazon region. The rate of deforestation has been driven down for four consecutive years up to 2012. But figures suggest the forest is being destroyed at a faster pace again.
Cheetahs and Kings are set to enter the Pro12 for the coming season. South African franchises are expected to be cut from Super Rugby in July. Solomons says long periods overseas would handicap the new additions.
President Morales said he was nationalising Transportadora de Electricidad. He said the company had failed to invest sufficiently in Bolivia. Last month Argentina took control of Spanish-owned oil company YPF.
The company reported an 8% increase in profit to $391m (£273m) for the first three months of 2016. Yum wants to spin-off its 6,900 China restaurants, its most profitable business.
Woking council will hold a public meeting on Tuesday in response to a petition. In June, 478 residents asked it to look again at the plans. The council said the meeting, with an independent chairman, was open to all.
Helicopters taking workers from Lomond installation 145 miles east of Aberdeen. Norwegian vessel which caught fire about 12 miles away.
Turnout increased from 12% at the last elections, in 2013, to 29%. Two-thirds of Ferguson's residents are black and now half the council. Ella Jones became the first black woman on the Ferguson Council.
PM's spokesman says they want "partnership" with the unions to tackle the deficit.
Lee Clark has been named as the new manager of Kilmarnock. The Ayrshire club are currently bottom of the Scottish Premiership. Clark has previously managed at Huddersfield and Birmingham City.
The 34-year-old beat three-time champion Tony Martin by 26.23 seconds. Wiggins finally has a rainbow jersey on the road to go with the six he has won on the track.
The speed of change, development and growth in Asia is staggering. Compare it to the inability of Washington DC to get anything done at all. The new face of global tourism is Asian and any hospitality firm not catering to Asian tourists is missing a profitable trick.
The pair, aged 24 and 25, were arrested in a raid in the western suburb of Fairfield. Details of the alleged plot are not known, but police say a hunting knife, an Islamic State (IS) flag and a video describing an attack were seized. Australia, which has joined the coalition fighting IS in
Northampton Borough Council authorised the loan to the club in 2013. The money has never been paid and the council is trying to get it back. David Mackintosh said "due diligence was carried out" before the loan was granted.
Today's 30-something generation has missed out on house price increases and better pensions. Those born in the early 1980s have an average wealth of £27,000 each. They will also find it harder to amass wealth in the future.
Glasgow-based photographer Craig Mann used Photoshop to make the pictures. They feature characters such as Princess Leia, Darth Vader, bounty hunter Boba Fett and Ewoks.
Women's world number one Serena Williams said Moore's statement was 'offensive and very inaccurate' But her male counterpart, Novak Djokovic, claimed his tour should fight for more money. There has been equal prize money in all four majors since 2007.
"It is with great sadness and regret that I leave my position," Cockerill said. Head coach Aaron Mauger will take over on an interim basis. Tigers are fifth in the Premiership, 15 points adrift of leaders Wasps.
Hank Greenberg and Howard Smith are accused of engineering bogus transactions to hide the insurance giant's financial difficulties. The charges were filed by then-New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in 2005. Both have denied the allegations, saying they have no merit.
Somerset were all out for 437 - a lead of 36 - on day three. Imran Tahir led the recovery with 7-112, taking six wickets. Trescothick added 101 to his overnight 117. Notts lost Steven Mullaney and Michael Lumb early, before closing on 58-2.
Severnside Provisions was also ordered to pay £400,000 at the city's crown court. Directors Anthony O'Sullivan, 47, and Martin Lincoln, 46, were given 24-week terms. An investigation was launched in December 2013 after large quantities of meat was sold.
PC Ed Barker stopped the man falling 40ft from Rochdale Town Hall. Seeing the man in distress, PC Barker ran up the building's fire escape steps. He caught him just as he tried to throw himself to the ground. PC Barker has been awarded the force's John Egerton Trophy
Herbert Diess, head of the VW brand, said the company would have a fix in the coming weeks or months. But the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was less certain. The EPA disclosed VW's use of "defeat devices" in diesel cars in September.
James Alabi opened the scoring for Chester FC in the first half. Andy Halls equalised for the visitors before Anthony Dudley put them ahead. Kane Richards pulled one back for the Blues before Ollie Norburn's late winner.
Wicketkeeper Kusal Perera and bowler Rangana Herath were approached. Both players turned down the approach and the authorities were informed. Sri Lanka Cricket has launched a police inquiry and anti-corruption investigation.
The world number six beat Barry Hawkins 10-1 in Sunday's final. O'Sullivan said he had been smoking and eating like a pig. The 40-year-old said his semi-final win over Stuart Bingham left him feeling "embarrassed"
Arsenal will host Leicester City on Friday 11 August, with a 19:45 BST kick-off. The Premier League is celebrating its 25th anniversary this season. Sky Sports were awarded the rights to screen 10 Friday night matches.
Enda Kenny of Fine Gael and Michel Martin of Fianna Fil hope to avoid a second election. Mr Martin has said his party will facilitate a minority government. Water charges are one of the main sticking points to reaching agreement.
Karl Henry will leave QPR after not being offered a new contract. The 34-year-old made 118 appearances for the Rs after signing from Wolves.
Albino deer occur once every 100,000 births, so this is really unusual. The little one has had lots of attention from visitors already.
Muhammed Mannan, his wife Minera Khatun and their children have not been seen since 17 May. It is believed the family stopped in Turkey on their way home before entering Syria. A statement from relatives in the UK said they were "devastated" and the disappearance was "out of character"
A study will look at options for a five-mile network linking the city centre and Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan. The planned system would see passengers transported in gondolas along a route from Cardiff central train station. CBC chairman Nigel Roberts said it would carry 2,500 tourists and commuters every hour.
The police admitted a claim of wrongdoing in public office in 2015. But it appealed against an attempt to access police documents. Judges dismissed the appeal and said it was hard to contemplate a more grave subject matter.
Mr Trump said Mr Obama had learned well before the 8 November poll about the accusations and "did nothing" His comments followed an article in the Washington Post which said that Mr Obama learned last August of President Vladimir Putin's "direct involvement" The alleged meddling is the subject of high-level investigations in the US
Basingstoke Town blame wi-fi receiver for picking up taxi frequencies. Resident Leighton Oliver said it could be heard three miles away. Club chairman said system would be turned off when not in use in future.
The two papers support the governing AK Party of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Windows in both buildings were shattered by the gunfire. Police are now hunting the assailants.
A crane was used to lift the scanner into place and the operation took several hours. The scanner should be operational within two months. It will be used in the diagnosis of a wide range of medical conditions.
Jacqui Thompson was arrested in 2011 for filming a Carmarthenshire council meeting. She sued Mark James for libel and received £25,000 in damages. He counter-sued for posts made on her blog and won the case in 2016. Mrs Thompson was due to stand trial on Thursday but case was dropped
Hong Kong police said a 39-year-old foreigner alerted airline staff early on Monday. The man had lost two watches and foreign currency. Local media said the man was a Turkish watch merchant flying in economy class from Dubai.
French voters go to the polls on Sunday to decide between the two. Ms Le Pen has capitalised on anti-EU feeling, and has promised a referendum. Five big unions have urged their members not to vote for Le Pen.
Eric Johnson, 31, moved to the UK from the Caribbean aged four. He was born to a Jamaican mother and British father. The Home Office wanted to deport him as a "foreign criminal" The Supreme Court ruled this was discriminatory.
Jonathan Paul Burrows was caught by inspectors at Cannon Street station last year. He admitted to avoiding the £21.50 fare from Stonegate in East Sussex. In total, Mr Burrows is believed to have dodged £42,550 in fares. The City watchdog said he "demonstrated a lack of honesty and
Cameron flying to Moscow on Sunday in attempt to improve relations with Russia. Relations between the UK and Russia have been strained since murder of Alexander Litvinenko.
Macclesfield Town drew 1-1 with Hartlepool United in their League Two opener. Danny Whitaker's first-half header gave the hosts the lead. Jake Cassidy equalised for the visitors with a second half header.
On Monday, the semi-official Fars news agency cited unnamed sources as saying the reactor had been decommissioned. It would represent a final step towards the implementation of July's nuclear deal. Iran has agreed to limit its sensitive nuclear activities in return for the lifting of crippling sanctions.
17-year-old Private John Parr was the first British soldier to die in the First World War. He went missing on the eve of the Battle of Mons in August 1914. Historians believe he was shot by a German cavalryman.
Former heavyweight world champion David Haye made a series of graphic descriptions of hurting Tony Bellew. Haye suffered an Achilles injury in the sixth round at the O2 Arena. It is expected that any sanctions against Haye will be announced on Wednesday.
BHS entered administration in April and efforts have been continuing to rescue it from closure and save jobs of its 11,000 staff. Last week, a surprise late bid led by retail veteran Greg Tufnell transformed the race to acquire the retailer. His team, said to be backed by Portuguese money, is the front
More than 200,000 members of the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (Numsa) are striking, the union says. The strike is the largest in the country's history.
Mr Moogalian was shot in the neck during the struggle on the train. He and five other passengers overpowered the suspect, Moroccan national Ayoub El-Khazzani. The Legion d'honneur was given by President Francois Hollande.
A section of Dunsdale Haugh in Selkirk is to shut with a diversion route put in place via Level Crossing Road. The closure, starting 3 May, will see a new flood protection wall built and a culvert installed. Scottish Borders Council said a "considerable amount of work" had gone into the diversion
Southampton, Portsmouth and Isle of Wight councils applied to the government in October. They said they had been allocated £900m over 30 years by the government. Portsmouth Council leader Donna Jones said the money now appeared to have been lost. Hampshire County Council leader Roy Perry said: "I'm not surprised
De Roon moved to Teesside in June 2016 for an initial £8.8m fee. The Netherlands international scored five goals in 36 league and cup games.
It took the World War Two prime minister's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. The restoration cost about £30,000.
In the first of a series on London healthcare, Karl Mercer speaks to those feeling the strain. Dr Tim Ladbrooke: "The week before Christmas was 175% busier than any week we'd ever had before"
Swedish giant asked customers who bought any model of the Mysingso chair to return it. Global recall comes after users reported injuries to their fingers that needed medical treatment.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi scrapped 1,000 (£11.8) and 500 rupee notes last week. People have a limited time to exchange the notes for smaller denominations. Authorities often use indelible ink to stop people from voting more than once in Indian elections.
Chastain, who is now retired from the sport, said she hoped it would help 'change things for the positive' She joins a number of sporting figures helping to research long-term effects of concussion on competitors in sports. CTE, a degenerative disease, has been found in athletes with a history of repetitive brain trauma
Couple had been watching television in their bottom-floor flat. One other man who was in the building at the time was evacuated unhurt. Local community had been pressing for a widening of the main road.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott: "Phillip Hughes was a young man living out his dreams" England bowler Stuart Broad: "Just can't believe it, heartbreaking stuff. RIP Phil Hughes" Former England captain Andrew Strauss: "The most sickening aspect of all of this is that he was a guy in the best years
Hull drop to fourth in the Championship after draw with Nottingham Forest. Gary Gardner's stunning 30-yard strike put Forest ahead at the break. Sone Aluko rescued a point for Steve Bruce's side with a late equaliser.
Team at Harvard University used stem cells to produce hundreds of millions of the cells in the laboratory. Tests on mice showed the lab-made cells could produce insulin and control blood sugar levels for several months.
Reports suggest Ghana international climbed over advertising boards to confront fans. Ayew, who was substituted in the 79th minute, believed to have taken exception to something said in the Sir Elton John Stand.
Stevenson has been at Easter Road since coming through the club's youth ranks. The 29-year-old left-back played 40 times as Hibs won the Championship last season. "To be part of a title-winning team is something I'll hold deeply in my memory," he says.
Lindahl has been with Chelsea since December 2014. She helped the Blues win a domestic double in 2015.
Sharbat Gula fled Afghanistan as a child and was pictured in 1984 in Pakistan. She has been accused of living in Pakistan on fake identity papers. Pakistan recently launched a crackdown on fake IDs.
Two Swansea doctors have invented a low-cost, easy-to-use medical device. The ShakerScope is a light source which can be quickly adapted to look in people's eyes, ears and throats. Unlike regular devices it does not need batteries. It has been tested in military hospitals in Afghanistan
Two people taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital. They are thought to have been suffering from smoke inhalation.
Proposals include creating a dual carriageway and a bus lane. Oxfordshire County Council said it wanted to improve travel times. The public consultation closes on 8 November.
The 24-year-old, who has won 21 caps, becomes manager Alan Pardew's fifth signing of the summer. Janmaat underwent a medical at St James' Park on Tuesday and arrives as a replacement for Mathieu Debuchy.
Camelia Lupu was last seen leaving her home address in Stalybridge. Her brother, Noevelle Lupu, has also been reported missing. It is believed the pair are with 19-year-old Marius Savin.
Girl from Teesside was found earlier, after being reported missing at 22:00 BST. Search for her involved 30 officers. Man, 26, arrested on suspicion of child abduction.
The Reverend Andrew Foreshew-Cain is leaving his congregation in West Hampstead. He said he felt under constant pressure being a gay man working in the Church. The bishop had told him he would not get a new parish when he left.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths is set to start for Scotland against Slovenia. The 26-year-old has 11 caps for Gordon Strachan's side. Griffiths has been on the bench for much of this season.
The 28-year-old joined the club, initially on loan, from Brentford in January 2014. And he has been a regular in Derek McInnes's side over the past two-and-a-half seasons.
Nottingham lead the league on 28 points, with Sheffield Steelers on 27 and Belfast Panthers 25. The teams meet again on Saturday night in the second match of their double-header.
Mogadishu's Lido beach is one of the city's most popular tourist destinations. It has seen a number of new businesses open up in recent years. Many Somalis are optimistic about the country's future.
Fr John Sullivan (1861 - 1933) was named in a decree signed by Pope Francis. He was declared a 'Servant of God' in 1960 and made a 'Venerable' in 2014. In certain circumstances beatification can lead to sainthood.
The Telegraph said the London gallery must know it has a "winner" Matisse worked from a wheelchair after treatment for cancer. Many of the items will be seen together for the first time in the exhibition.
Tommy Lee was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary on 23 September 2014. He died later at Leeds General Infirmary. The baby had been left in the care of his father, Liam Laverick. Mr Laverick pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of his son.
Lucy Ward claims unfair dismissal and sex discrimination. She was sacked after returning from World Cup commentary duty. Ms Ward is the partner of ex-Leeds United head coach Neil Redfearn. The club insists she was dismissed for exceeding annual leave entitlement.
Elton John loses his cool during gig at Gloucester's Kingsholm Stadium. Singer told steward: "You put a uniform on and you think you're Hitler"
Sam Allardyce has left his role as Crystal Palace manager. The 62-year-old said he wants to spend more time with his family. He said he has no ambitions to take another job in the Premier League.
Council is consulting on closing Bodlondeb in Aberystwyth, with loss of 33 jobs. Report said residents would have to move to other homes - potentially long distances away. GMB and Unison, which represent staff at the home, said it was "absurd"
Juno made its first close approach to the gas giant last weekend. The flyby took the spacecraft just 4,200km above Jupiter's atmosphere. It is currently flying on an ellipse around Jupiter that takes 53 days to complete. Its next close approach is due on 19 October.
Report released today by Reform Scotland on how more Scottish police officers are solving fewer crimes. On a per officer basis, the clear-up rate has decreased from 12 to 8 between 2006/7 and 2013/14. The report argues this shouldn't be happening when crime rates are falling.
Rivington Biscuits will cut 99 of its 123 staff, keeping 24 while it seeks a buyer. The company, which makes Pink Panther wafers, is owned by Dutch company Van Delft. FRP Advisory said the firm was left "facing unsustainable cash-pressure"
Kickstarter had asked Torquing to provide a more detailed update to backers by November 30. Kickstarter said it would pursue an inquiry into the Zano project.
Police initially said business rivalry was more likely motive for attack. They added that two men suspected of involvement had been arrested. Authorities are increasingly concerned about IS-related attacks.
Under an informal rotating principle, the ninth secretary general should be an Eastern European. But the region risks losing that chance because of lukewarm backing for national candidates at home. An informal selection procedure has produced 11 candidates so far, eight of them from Eastern Europe.
Among those arrested were six suspects in Italy, four in Britain, and three in Norway. Police say some of the suspects may have travelled to Syria or Iraq. The network was allegedly plotting to free its leader, Mullah Krekar. Krekar is the Iraqi-Kurdish founder of the radical Islamist
Cpl Kylo Gorman's medals for service in Afghanistan and at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee were taken from his car in Bolton-le-Sands. He said he "wasn't that bothered at first", but the reaction online "got me thinking 'it is a really big deal'
The Legacy of Elizabeth Pringle is on the International Impac Dublin Literary Award longlist. Other British nominees include this year's Bailey's Women's Prize for Fiction winner, How To Be Both by Ali Smith. This year it includes 53 novels in translation with works by 44 American, 10 Canadian,
Leicestershire's Snibston Discovery Museum is the most visited in the county. But the withdrawal of a £4m Heritage Lottery Fund bid has prompted fears the centre could be in danger. The county council said the funding came with strings attached.
Ander Herrera's first-half strike gave United a lead they deserved. Arsenal barely raised a gallop for the first hour. Theo Walcott's cross was diverted past keeper Victor Valdes off Tyler Blackett.
England were chasing 273 for victory but collapsed from 100-0 to 164 all out. Captain Alastair Cook said it was "really difficult" playing in Bangladesh. Bangladesh had not played a Test since August 2015 before England's arrival.
Bill McCrea was a chaplain for the Sailors' Society at the time. The Zeebrugge disaster marked the beginning of months of shared grief. Bill often travelled to Dover to visit those grief stricken by what happened. He also conducted the funerals of four victims.
The Northern Ireland Bat Group hand-rear injured bats in their homes. Many young bats have been abandoned because their mothers can't feed them. Grounded bats are susceptible to cats, but those that have damaged wings are nursed back to health.
A 38-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm. Witnesses said they saw a man attack another on the train then run out of the station shouting "he wanted to kill Muslims" Police said they were not treating the attack as terrorism, but as a hate crime.
BBC correspondents from around the UK reflect on how people have been voting. Results show the disconnect between the capital and the outlying parts of England. In Scotland the biggest and most pressing question is whether this vote could spell the break-up of the UK. Birmingham voted Leave by just 3,800 votes
Another pupil has been suspended and given a final warning after the discovery of the class B drug. Rector Dr John Halliday said police were conducting an investigation into the incident.
Queens Park Rangers take an early lead through Nedum Onuoha from a corner. Tjaronn Chery converts penalty after Ronaldo Vieira clumsily fouled Jordan Cousins. Sebastian Polter fires home third with the game's final touch.
Two serving police officers, a retired police officer, a current pilot and a retired pilot were arrested as part of a South Yorkshire Police investigation. Reports had been made that the force's helicopter had been used for inappropriate filming, Sheffield Magistrates' Court heard. The charges relate to four alleged incidents between 2007 and
Xbox SmartGlass allows users to control games on the touchscreen devices and can show extra information about progress. Move poses a challenge to Nintendo's Wii U Game Pad.
The Scottish Premiership season kicks off this weekend. Celtic, Aberdeen, Dundee United and Hearts are all in action. Who will help shape the season?
Gatwick runway closed for two periods after drone was sighted. Easyjet said four of its flights were diverted, while BA said one was diverted. Other flights were put into holding patterns as a precaution.
He was convicted in 2012 of taking part in illegal gatherings and disturbing public order. An appeals court later reduced his original three-year term by a year. He was one of several leading activists arrested by the authorities after 2011 protests.
Rangers defeated Aberdeen 3-0 in their SPL clash at Ibrox. Kenny Miller scored a brace and Joe Dodoo got the other. Miller scored his 10th goal in 40 appearances this season.
Leaked document said consortium was last remaining bidder. It could be led by private firm Interserve. The deal is due to be awarded in December.
120 "Jersey Pals" were killed during the Battle of the Somme. Jersey granite memorial stone was unveiled in the French village of Guillemont.
Luke Cowan-Dickie, Olly Woodburn and Don Armand crossed for Exeter. The Chiefs are now level on points with leaders Wasps. Reigning champions Saracens in third host fifth-placed Bath.
It comes after the UK's biggest inquiry into alleged neglect in six homes. Operation Jasmine was a major Home Office funded inquiry set up in 2005. It spanned seven years, involved 75 police staff and 4,126 statements were taken.
Congo needed a draw to progress and went ahead when Thierry Bifouma swept home Ferebory Dore's cross. Burkina Faso required a win and offered little until the last 10 minutes when Aristide Bance scored at the far post. Congo won it in the 87th minute when goalkeeper Germain
Kamal C Chavara was detained by the police in Kerala state on Sunday. The youth wing of the Hindu nationalist BJP lodged a complaint against him. Last month, the Supreme Court ruled that the anthem must be played in every cinema.
Wing of an American Airlines plane clipped the tail of a Southwest Airlines plane. Both planes were on the taxiway at Detroit Metro airport. Passengers had to remain on board the planes but there were no injuries. The Federal Aviation Authority has said it will investigate the incident.
Scotland's unemployment figures matched those of the UK in May. The Scottish employment picture has worsened relative to the UK as a whole. Rising unemployment has been accompanied by a sharp increase in pay. But these continue to be abnormal times, as the labour market adjusts to something like normality.
Lizzie Mould, from Bristol University, came up with a 'green' realistic snow. It took her two years and a 'few hundred attempts' but now her new snow liquids are being sold to the industry. Snow Business has previously worked on James Bond film Spectre, Avengers: Age of Ultron and Star Wars
Healthwatch England put in a Freedom of Information request. Data shows average number of "bed days" per patient per year has fallen by 10%. Mental health accounts for about 23% of the burden of disease in England.
Nine-year-old Gracie Mellalieu is one of just five people in Wales with Morquio Syndrome. She has been trialling a new drug called Vimizim, which has now won Welsh Government approval. It will cost about £880,000 a year to treat eligible patients in Wales
The club reports that most of the squad have been able to train on Friday. Motherwell were forced to postpone an under-20s game against Celtic on Tuesday.
Mrs Schlafly was an outspoken opponent of feminism and abortion. She helped Republicans block the Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s. Donald Trump described her as "a patriot, a champion for women and a symbol of strength"
DSI Plumbing and Heating Ltd admitted two breaches of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974. Homes in Harbour Reach, Poole, were evacuated following a gas leak in 2009.
Open day visits now include trips to Dutch universities, pitching themselves as offshore Russell Group institutions. Across the Netherlands, there are 2,600 UK students in universities this term - up by a third in a year. The University of Groningen is up by 33% to around 300 UK students, for whom it has had to put
8% of Northern Ireland's population claim some knowledge of Ulster-Scots. That included 13% of Protestants and 3% of Catholics. By contrast, more than 179,000 people claimed to know of Irish. The former Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure published proposals for an Irish language act in 2015
Sherri Papini was last seen on 2 November in Redding, California. She managed to flag down a car on Thursday some 140 miles away. Police are looking for two women in connection with her disappearance.
Under the bill, the performers - often dressed as popular characters like Elmo - must work for tips in special areas. Some performers have been criticised for being overly aggressive and one was arrested for punching a police officer.
Adriano Guedes was admitted to James Paget Hospital in Gorleston, Norfolk, in 2014. He was paralysed by a stroke in 2008 and repeatedly refused care and housing. Hospital obtained a court order evicting him and he is now living in a council flat. Suffolk County Council, which is
Non-invasive prenatal testing involves taking a blood sample from the woman. This is to look for DNA from the baby circulating in her blood. Doctors can also use NIPT to determine a baby's sex. NHS England will be advocating when it rolls out the test to high-risk women next year
Darren Boyce spent this season on loan at Dungannon Swifts. The striker had been put on the transfer list at Coleraine. Ballymena boss Glenn Ferguson says he will add quality to their attack.
Healthy travel will be promoted in school lessons, campaigns and investment decisions. Transport Minister Edwina Hart said there was a need for "culture change" Active Travel Action Plan published by the Welsh government on Tuesday.
Donald Trump said Obama wasn't American, not a Christian - but a Muslim. Dr Ben Carson was asked whether his faith should matter to voters. He said: 'If it's inconsistent with the values and principles of America'
Emmanuel Manzi from Italy won the event at Llanberis. Richard Roberts was the first Welsh competitor to finish.
Sir Kevin has referred himself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards. It follows a Daily Telegraph report saying he received fees for sponsoring dinners and a breakfast on the Parliamentary estate. In a letter to Ms Hudson he said all the fees were paid to charity.
The number of Weibo users fell after China's censors strengthened control of online discussions last year. Almost 28 million people abandoned Weibo in 2013.
They won the World Wheelchair Basketball Championship earlier this month. Hayley caught up with them in Yorkshire, and set them a cheeky challenge.
26-year-old man sustained facial injuries during the incident on a number 9A bus. Police described the man they are looking for as white, in his 50s, of heavy build. He has blotchy skin and a shaved head.
North Korea has threatened to attack Guam, a US territory in the Pacific. Guam's governor said there was nothing to fear from Pyongyang's rhetoric. But it has left many on the tourism-reliant island concerned.
Stephen Martin, 56, was due to face trial on charges of involuntary homicide. Larissa Hooley, 48, and Nigel Haines, 59, died during a dive in 2014. Maltese authorities wanted Mr Martin to face charges as he was most experienced diver. It was despite a UK inquest ruling that their deaths
Surge in commodity prices saw Brent crude oil rise above $40 a barrel. Tech-heavy Nasdaq index fared less well, falling 8.77 points to 4,708.25. Dow Jones closed up 67.18 points at 17,073.95, while S&P 500 rose 1.77 points.
New laws say communist monuments in Ukraine must be removed. Critics say it is a crude assault on the country's repressive past.
Rory McIlroy and Ian Poulter have dominated build-up to Ryder Cup. Europe have strength in depth in Paul McGinley's side. Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose have form and experience.
An axe was said to have been thrown at a police car during the raid. A woman was dragged out of her vehicle during the incident. Four men from the Bolton area have been charged with robbery.
Since 2006, Amazon's UK business has been a subsidiary of its European headquarters in Luxembourg. That is despite the fact that Amazon employs hundreds of staff in the UK. Campaigners against tax avoidance arrangements - which are in fact quite legal - have taken a very dim view of all this.
Mohammed Nowrouz lost his wife, son and daughter when their boat capsized. He was among more than 60 rescued from the Turkish coast. The Afghan consulate in Istanbul told him to repatriate the bodies himself. For Afghans taking a body home means travelling by air.
Justin Gatlin is closing 2014 as its superstar present: unbeaten all year. The 32-year-old is nominated this month as one of the IAAF's male athletes. Aged 32, he is now running faster than when he was known to be cheating.
David Mackintosh criticised over loan to Northampton Town Football Club. £10.25m of that money is now missing and the loan is subject to a police investigation. Mr Mackintosh had previously said he intended to stand for re-election.
A group led by Americans Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan bought a controlling 60% stake in Swansea in a deal ratified by the Premier League on 1 July. They are due in Swansea on Thursday but the Supporters' Trust, which retains a 21.1% holding, is disappointed with progress.
Gareth Entwhistle admitted causing death by careless driving while under the influence of alcohol. The 34-year-old will appear again at Swansea Crown Court at the end of July.
England and Wales meet in Group B at Euro 2016 on Thursday. Gareth Bale said the Welsh had more passion and pride than England. Roy Hodgson says he has "no doubts" about England's patriotism.
Ex-PM says he trusts Mr Miliband to handle the dispute in the 'right way' He says he wants to'mend', not end, links but insists he runs the party. Labour has referred allegations of malpractice in the process to police.
PM revives 'bloody difficult' line used during leadership campaign. She also declined to commit to settling issue of expats' rights by June.
Martin made 38 appearances last season for Livi, scoring five goals. He was in his second spell with the West Lothian club.
Christopher Tate said most motor sport industry in UK is in central England. He said there were not a shortage of empty industrial space in the UK. Mr Tate said the figure of 6,000 jobs created by the project was still "a long way short"
195 jobs would be lost and Woodside Lodge care home could close. Labour's Stephen Barnes-Andrews said: "We have to change the way we work" Tory councillor Royston Smith called it a 'betrayal'
Jonny Court, Mark Nicolson and Alistair Roy on target for Rangers. Kyle MacLeod and Darren Dolan score for Elgin.
James was called up to the Wales squad for the first time earlier this month. The 19-year-old is Town's sixth signing of the summer so far.
Margaride Rufino, 38, and Anthony Roberts, 37, were found dead at an address in Idle. Their two-year-old daughter, who was not present at the property, is being cared for by family members. Detectives are treating the incident as murder but are not looking for anyone else
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson out for up to eight weeks with calf injury. Robertson picked up the injury in 6-1 defeat to Bournemouth on Saturday. Scotland face England in World Cup qualifying on 11 November.
Alice Gross, 14, was found in the River Brent in west London in September 2014. Days later the body of Latvian builder Arnis Zalkalns was found nearby. Inquest into her death will look into whether failures by the government and police contributed to her death.
Women and children among the dead in attack in Sar-e Pul province. Attackers entered the village and shot dead mainly Shia Muslim civilians. Seven members of the Afghan security forces also killed, as well as insurgents.
A 16-year-old suspect was arrested and remains in custody in South London. Police believe they know the identity of the dead youth but it has yet to be confirmed.
The memory of the "Boy from Bassendean" is being erased by the local council. He has gone from favourite son to outcast by a simple show of hands at a council meeting. Harris's artworks will be taken down from its chambers and his status as a freeman has been rescinded.
PSA, which includes Peugeot, wants to buy GM's loss-making European arm. Vauxhall employs 4,500 workers at plants in Luton and Ellesmere Port. There are fears that the deal could lead to job losses in the UK. Carlos Tavares, boss of PSA Group, is also set to hold
The Scottish Salmon Company (SSC) said it was hit by "exceptional mortalities" amounting to 1,300 tonnes. The Oslo-listed company reported losses of £1.4m in the quarter before interest and tax.
Private Finance Initiative (PFI) was a way for the government to get buildings now and pay later. Many contracts have been criticised as they turned out to be too expensive. Invest NI signed a PFI contract for its new headquarters in Belfast in 2005.
Sweetgrass is a rich source of possible new repellents, say US researchers. Coumarin and phytol were the key ingredients isolated from the grass. They were found to repel mosquitoes just as well as Deet. Further tests are needed to see how long the effects last.
Lisanne Beck, 47, allegedly performed a sex act on Simon Murphy, 48, during a Paloma Faith set in September. The Old Bailey heard the couple were filmed conducting the alleged behaviour, but the jury failed to reach a verdict and were discharged. Judge Peter Rook QC has given the prosecution until Thursday to
The internet giant's lawyers said the name was 'unacceptable' Trademark infringement cases are not new, so how have they been won or lost in the past?
Anglian Water said tests were carried out following repairs to a burst main. Results showed "naturally occurring organisms that should not be there" Firm advised people to boil and cool all drinking water as "precautionary measure"
Sony unveiled its launch date and price for its VR headset at the Games Developer Conference in San Francisco. While Playstation owners will have to wait until October to get their hands on the Sony VR headset, they will pay far less for it than for a Vive or Oculus setup. There is still confusion about how it
England declare on 173-1 and set Pakistan a target of 565 to win. Pakistan lose their last six wickets for 89 runs to lose on the fourth day. James Anderson and Chris Woakes take 3-41 and Moeen Ali 3-88. Alastair Cook (76 not out) and Joe Root (
Belfast's Japanese society was set up nearly two decades ago. Many members joined because they had lived in Japan for a time. Students from Rikkyo University in Tokyo joined in the festivities.
PM tells MPs the plan must be treated seriously, but also 'tested out properly' Plan is for stockpiles to go under international control and be destroyed. Ed Balls says Labour would be prepared to revisit the issue if Mr Cameron presented new evidence to MPs.
Conservative peer became ill last month and spent 18 days in intensive care. Spokeswoman said he was now recovering in the US and was 'out of danger' Book contains a series of allegations about the prime minister's student days. It includes claims of drug-taking and a club initiation ceremony involving a
Taliban insurgents had been trying to capture the Sangin headquarters for two years. The fall of Sangin indicates the Taliban's growing strength in the south. It also has a symbolic significance for the US-Nato led mission in Afghanistan.
Ministry of Justice said staff worked "extremely hard" to stop contraband. Former inmate said jail was "notorious" for being "flooded" with mobile phones. Chelmsford Prison told residents there had been "numerous incidents"
The services will take place at 11:00 GMT on 7 January. The Church in Wales announced the move ahead of the consecration of the first woman bishop. In January 1997, 62 women were ordained, with their names on a new logo.
Scottish Borders Council is to approve the final outline design of the scheme in April. The Scottish government contribution to the project has been estimated at about £32.5m.
Alliance Party's ruling council due to meet to decide if party will join executive. Majority of posts in the executive will be filled by ministers from the DUP and Sinn Fin.
Captain Dara Fitzpatrick's funeral was held in Glencullen, County Dublin. The search for the missing crew resumed on Sunday morning. Heavy swells have prevented rescuers from reaching the crash site.
The mountain range in Hunan province is thought to have inspired the floating mountains of Pandora in the Hollywood blockbuster film Avatar.
The group set off from the Canary Islands on 20 December. Took 47 days to complete the 3,000-mile row to Antigua. The Talisker Challenge is described as 'the world's toughest row'
Two 100kW turbines have been installed so far in the Shetland Tidal Array. Nova Innovation said tidal energy was a "long-term source" of predictable renewable power. The UK Carbon Trust estimates a £126bn global tidal energy market could be developed by 2050.
The 20-year-old has been with QPR since the age of nine. Comley made his full debut against Leicester City last season. He will return to Loftus Road on February 20.
Two men say they have "irrefutable evidence" the train exists. But they failed to provide proof of the find near city of Walbrzych. Last week Poland's deputy culture minister said he was "99% convinced"
The 28-year-old made 194 league appearances for the Bantams. He helped them to promotion from League Two in 2013.
New Tate director wants to change the Tate in the next 20 years. Around 50% of the British population visit a museum or gallery at least once a year. She wants to usher in "an easier language to talk about the joy of art"
Six documents taken from an old account belonging to Mr Brennan were published. CIA said there was "no indication" that anything classified was released. But the documents do include a draft security clearance application. A high-school student claimed he was responsible for hacking the account.
The RoboCup has been running since 1997, and each year sees more sophisticated robots taking part. The ultimate aim is for a team of robots to take on and beat their human World Cup winning counterparts in 2050. Watching the little guys perform, this seems unlikely - but Prof Polani remains hopeful.
Police say she was attacked after accepting a lift from three men in a truck. No arrests have been made but roadblocks have been set up. Scrutiny of sexual violence in India has grown since the Delhi gang rape in December.
Wambach was arrested on Saturday for drink-driving. Court documents connected to her arrest said "the defendant tried cocaine at age 25" Mini USA withdraws adverts for the car featuring the 35-year-old.
Tinkoff rider finished the 4km time trial of Mont Chery in 11mins, 36secs. Australia's Richie Porte, riding for BMC Racing, was six seconds adrift. Britain's Chris Froome has won the race twice before - in 2013 and 2015 - both times going on to win
Report compares cost and characteristics of education systems in industrialised countries. It also shows students in public higher education institutions in England pay the highest fees in the world. But the OECD says high fees are accompanied by the highest levels of student support.
Families had their case rejected by the UK Court of Appeal last year. British forces at the time of the killings said the men were insurgents. The account of the British authorities was that the deceased were justifiably shot.
Nordtveit left Arsenal to join German side Schalke in 2010. The 25-year-old says it has been a dream to play in the Premier League.
Green Day had been set to perform in Bellahouston Park on Tuesday. Promoters PCL said the stage was deemed "unsafe" for the fans. Many ticket holders took to social media to express their disappointment. Rancid, Slaves and Skids hastily arranged a replacement gig.
England's School Admissions Code requires places to be offered in a fair and open way. Dr Elizabeth Passmore's final report before retirement complains admissions are too often "unnecessarily complex", "unfair" or unclear. Schools which are their own admissions authorities, like academies or faith schools
Alberto Paloschi gave the visitors the lead after Angel Rangel's shot fell to him via team-mate Jack Cork. Tottenham equalised through Nacer Chadli and Danny Rose. Swansea remain only three points above the relegation zone.
Celtic are nine points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. The Hoops could wrap up their fifth title in a row with victory against Hearts. Manager Ronny Deila's announcement that he will leave at the end of the season has cast a shadow over the remainder of the club's season
The 23-year-old joined Real at the age of 14. He was part of their Champions League-winning squads in 2014 and 2016. Jese will link up with former Sevilla boss Unai Emery.
Wages for 90 MLAs will rise by £500 a year, bringing salaries to £49,500. The Belfast Telegraph says 93% of people would support stopping the pay rise. 12,000 jobs could go as a result of the Stormont stalemate, it is claimed.
Snap drill in the Rostov region was ordered by President Vladimir Putin. The southern military district includes Crimea and areas on the border with eastern Ukraine. Nato, Western leaders and the Ukrainian government accuse Russia of sending heavy armour and regular troops to the rebels. Moscow denies that, but admits that Russian "volunteers
Roy Guest was sacked by West Midlands Ambulance Service in 2013. He posted comments hoping Julie Bailey suffered "a life-threatening illness" The Health and Care Professions Council suspended him for a year. It has now permanently removed him from the register.
Activists said they wanted to draw attention to the blockade, which Israel says is necessary. Israel says it acted in international waters to prevent the "intended breach of the maritime blockade" There was no violence as the navy searched the boat, Israel says.
Ruth Davidson says Conservatives will sort out economy so NHS can be funded. Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie says Tories are trying to increase SNP support. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon attacks both Tories and Labour. Scottish Greens back the manifesto commitments of the party.
Ministers said the move ended "years of injustice" Mesothelioma can take decades to develop, but when symptoms emerge it progresses rapidly. Around 2,000 people are diagnosed each year, and numbers are set to increase over the next 30 years.
Blackburn Rovers rescued a point against Bristol City at Ewood Park. Tammy Abraham's 22nd goal of the season put City in front. Sam Gallagher equalised for Rovers with a powerful header back across goal. Bristol City remain four points above the relegation zone.
Barnett has joined League Two side Shrewsbury on a free transfer. The 31-year-old scored just twice in 36 appearances for MK Dons last season. Barnett also played in the Championship for Peterborough and Ipswich.
Mr Machar fled to the Democratic Republic of Congo after fighting broke out in July. Hundreds of people died and more than 100,000 fled across the border. He denies he is a warmonger, saying his troops were defending themselves.
Main feature was a drop in bank shares after Deutsche Bank faces $14bn penalty. Shares in RBS fell by 4.4%, Barclays by 2.8% and Standard Chartered by 2.7%.
Dorset Police said officers had restrained the man, who was acting erratically. Man suffered a medical episode while with the officers, who performed CPR. He was taken to Poole Hospital but his condition deteriorated. Police have referred the death to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Wales has more atheists than the rest of the UK, according to the census. The Church in Wales said Christianity was "no longer the default setting" The number of Christians in Wales fell by 14 percentage points to 57%.
Raymond Aubrac and his late wife Lucie became important members of Jean Moulin's underground Resistance movement in 1942. Aubrac escaped when a group of fighters including his wife attacked a lorry moving him and other members of the Resistance from jail in Lyon.
Homosexual acts are punishable by up to 14 years in jail in Nigeria. Gay marriage and displays of same-sex affection are also banned. Arrests are infrequent as homosexual people live in hiding.
Willie Isa scored two tries as Wigan ran out comfortable winners. Kallum Watkins gave the bottom-of-the-table Rhinos an early lead. Wigan's win completes their biggest points haul of the season.
Karl Robinson left MK Dons on Sunday after six years in charge. The club are 19th in League One after a dismal Championship season. Chairman Pete Winkelman says the club want to play modern football.
Organisation said councils stood "ready, willing and able to take at least 2,000 refugees" But not all council areas may end up receiving refugees due to complex needs. UNHCR estimates 520,000 asylum seekers have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year.
Aberdeen beat Apollon 2-1 in their Europa League qualifier first leg. Ryan Christie put the hosts ahead after just four minutes. But the visitors equalised through Ribeiro Santana. Esteban Sachetti was sent off for the visitors.
Helicopter crew accidentally turned on loudspeaker while on patrol. Members of the public below heard pilots swearing and discussing oral sex. Winnipeg Police Service say some of the "conversation was inappropriate"
Giovanni Dixon, 17, of Norwood, stabbed James Hunter, 18, in the heart. Dixon and his friends had set upon Ezekiel Andrews with knives. Mr Hunter stepped in to protect him and Dixon was found guilty of murder. He was sentenced to a minimum of 16 years at the Old Bailey.
Andy Murray beats Fabio Fognini 6-2 4-6 6-1 7-5. Murray will play Frenchman Benoit Paire in the fourth round on Monday. Johanna Konta earlier reached the second week for the first time.
Three bombs exploded near Borussia Dortmund's team bus on 11 April. Spanish footballer Marc Bartra underwent wrist surgery and a police officer was treated for shock. Police initially treated the blast as a terrorist attack. But the following week, investigators cast "significant doubt" on jihadist motivations. They now say
Rashan Charles, 20, was wrestled to the ground in Dalston, east London. Met Police said he became ill after trying to swallow an object. Protesters blocked part of Kingsland Road and set mattresses alight.
Pennock, 46, was placed in charge until the end of 2016-17 following Justin Edinburgh's departure. Taylor, 64, returns to "oversee recruitment and all footballing policy" after two spells managing the club.
The men have been charged with "disturbing communal harmony" They were arrested after Hindu neighbours complained they burst firecrackers. The men were sent to jail in the city of Khandwa on Tuesday. Amnesty International has called for the immediate release of the men.
Moshe Yaalon said IS had "enjoyed Turkish money for oil for a very, very long period of time" Turkey denies allowing IS smuggling and the US recently rejected Russian claims that Turkish government officials were in league with the militants.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe hailed an "historic decision" The US Army Corps of Engineers will look at alternative routes. The Sioux have been protesting against the pipeline since April. They fear it will contaminate drinking water and run over sacred sites.
Oberon was one of three alpacas mauled by a dog in the New Forest. Owner Susan Sears said she was 'devastated' his wounds had not healed. The two other animals have received further treatment for their wounds.
Adrian Ismay, 52, was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in Belfast on 4 March. A dissident republican group, widely referred to as the new IRA, said it carried out the attack. Sue McAllister, director general of the Northern Ireland Prison Service, spent time
Shaun Wheeldon said he saw Craig Grant being held on the pavement. He said he was "shocked" to see Mr Grant's face was light grey. Kiel Hauley, Jonas Marcius and Adrian Morley deny assault and murder.
Wenger has been linked with the England job on a permanent basis. The Frenchman's contract at Arsenal runs out at the end of the season. Southgate succeeded Sam Allardyce in September.
Hayes will now serve a two-match suspension. The 28-year-old Irishman was free to play in Tuesday's 1-0 win over Hamilton. Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes thought the red card was harsh.
More than 30 firefighters tackled the blaze on Great Eastern Street in Shoreditch. LFB has since apologised after its joke about the fire was met with a mixed response on social media.
Steven Souley, 26, and Zico Malavin, 20, admitted attacking Robert Eadie, 25. Mr Eadie required surgery to repair a wound to his groin and penis. The attack happened at a Christmas party hosted by his sister in Glasgow. Souley was previously jailed for seven years for killing
Non-league club's ground at Meadow Park was completely submerged by the 2007 floods. The new ground will be a completely new build, within the boundaries of the old stadium and will include flood defences.
Visit followed claims Shaykh Ali Hammuda was a 'radical' preacher. In the video, Britain First members can be seen entering the mosque. The Muslim Council of Wales also said the "radical" claims were "bizarre"
The project has received more than 700 photos and produced 15 3D images of artefacts, mostly from the ransacked Mosul Museum.
A higher proportion of children in Wales aged 11 to 16 were drinking alcohol than in England or Scotland. Public Health Wales said advertising and sports sponsorship needed to be tackled.
Dutch ship the Rooswijk sank off the Kent coast in 1740. All 300 shipmen died when the vessel, carrying coins and silver ingots, sank. Never before have any of the Dutch East India Company's 250 wrecks been scientifically excavated on this scale.
West Ham are moving to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford at the end of the season. The club will pay £2.5m a year in rent for their new home. Food outlets, pubs and street traders face an uncertain future.
Shrien Dewani, 34, is accused of ordering the murder of his new wife Anni, 28. Mrs Dewani was shot in Cape Town in November 2010. Mr Dewani has been fighting against extradition for three years. He is expected to appear at Western Cape High Court on Tuesday.
NHS England said it was committed to ensuring terminally-ill patients got the support and services they needed. Most palliative care goes to cancer patients, even though the diseases account for less than a third of deaths. Only a fifth of new referrals to specialist end-of-life services are for people with non-
South Africa beat England 2-1 in their Test series. Kagiso Rabada, 20, took 10 wickets as England were skittled out. England lost their last seven wickets for 43 runs in 10.5 overs.
The Very Large Array traced the presence of ammonia in the gas giant. It studied the circulation systems below the visible cloud tops. For features such as the planet's Great Red Spot, the scientists can see something of its roots. The research is a nice prelude to the next probe set to visit Jupiter
Education minister's plan would add a 25% higher penalty if an offence was against a teacher. Esteban Bullrich said it would make sure the public showed them more "respect" It would apply to parents and students and would include verbal abuse or threats.
Robert Allenby, 43, says he may have been drugged before he was taken from the bar. He was helped back to his hotel by a retired military man. Allenby had been planning to fly out of Hawaii after missing the cut.
Aberdeen face Hibernian in Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Dons have won just two of their past 11 visits to the national stadium. Derek McInnes' side won the League Cup in 1995.
Mr Bahri was freed from Guantanamo Bay and returned to Yemen in 2008. He was involved in attacks by Islamist militants in Bosnia, Somalia and Afghanistan during the 1990s.
Residents of the Los Lagos region had only just returned to their homes after last week's eruptions. Calbuco is one of the most active volcanoes in Chile, having erupted in 1961 and 1972, and many times before.
State House Speaker Thom Tillis defeated Mark Harris and Greg Brannon. Mr Tillis avoided a runoff election by earning 46% of the vote. Republicans aim to wrestle Senate control from the Democrats in November.
Bournville College also held a £170,000 centenary event and a staff party. Former principal Norman Cave denied any claims of financial mismanagement. Whistleblower said previous management was "chaotic"
Dyfed-Powys Police Commissioner Christopher Salmon has urged ministers to take rural needs into account when changing funding formula. Home Office has said no decisions have been taken beyond this year.
Russian opposition politicians have described the posting as a murder threat. The Chechen leader said Mr Kasyanov was seeking cash in Strasbourg. Last March Mr Kadyrov spoke out on Instagram about the assassination of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov.
Steve Saviano scored four goals as the Giants beat Fife Flyers 7-2 on Saturday night. The Giants are next in action against Manchester in Belfast on March 4.
Chechen Muslim clerics say a newspaper report insulted their faith and dignity. Novaya Gazeta said more than 100 people had been detained on suspicion of being homosexual. The Chechen spiritual leader said: "Allah will punish those who slandered the whole Chechen nation and Chechen Republic's clerics
The actor is due to star in a fifth Indiana Jones film, which will be released in 2019. Ford first appeared as Indiana Jones in Raiders of the Lost Ark, released in 1981. He then starred in three subsequent films, most recently in 2008's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
England's James Anderson takes 237th Test wicket to break Darren Gough's record. Anderson takes wicket of Mitchell Marsh in first ball of third Test at Edgbaston. Lancashire seamer is level with Gough on 234 before the match.
54 Lloyds branches will be affected, alongside 24 Bank of Scotland and 22 Halifax branches. There will also be a net reduction of 325 staff, who were told about the plan on Wednesday morning. Lloyds said the closures were the result of fewer branch transactions.
ViiV Healthcare, GlaxoSmithKline's HIV business, will acquire two operations specialising in late stage treatments and early phase medicines. Global deals have reached $677.5bn, according to Dealogic, up 64% on 2014.
Poster was bought by a Welshman living in England at Rogers Jones & Co auctioneers in Colwyn Bay. Its guide price had been £200-£300.
The FA Cup extra preliminary round begins on Friday. There are 368 teams involved in the competition. West Auckland Town claim to be the first World Cup winners. Jack Waddle, son of former England winger Chris, plays for Worksop Town.
Alan Shatter was put in charge of two government departments - justice and defence. He became embroiled in a public row that generated so much attention it became popularly known as Shattergate. The minister came to power with the Fine Gael/Labour coalition in February 2011.
The 30-year-old joined Northampton on a one-year deal last summer. He made 25 appearances in all competitions for the club. Boss Justin Edinburgh said the club were unable to "get comfortable" with his commitments.
Gym advert shows aliens beaming up a person with the text, "they'll take the fat ones first" Combat Bullying said it would "further harm" those being bullied. One passer-by said the poster was "ridiculous" and he would "rip it down"
Around 85% of breast cancers that spread around the body end up in bone. Scientists discovered patients with secondary cancers had higher levels of an enzyme called LOX being produced by their tumours. Using drugs to block LOX prevented the cancer from spreading.
Chelsea's case looked as wafer thin as their managerial contracts, says Martin Keown. Clattenburg said it was "truly frightening" to have faced the prospect that his career might be over. Referees' union ask Chelsea for a full apology and compensation.
Barcelona drew 1-1 with Valencia in the second leg of their Copa del Rey semi-final. The result means Luis Enrique's side are unbeaten in 29 games in all competitions. Valencia coach Gary Neville is yet to win in nine La Liga games.
Netflix has teamed up with broadcast companies in Australia and New Zealand to bring back Monkey. The Legend of the Monkey will revamp the classic as a "big budget fantasy drama" The lead actor is Thai, while others have Maori or Pacific Island backgrounds.
cels from Snow White and the Seven Dwarves sell for £10,500 and £5,600. One depicts moment Wicked Queen hands Snow White the poisoned apple. The images were first sold in 1938 at an exhibition in London.
Daniel Damon is wanted for failing to answer bail for traffic and drug matters. Police posted a public appeal on Monday to locate him. Damon replied to the post and to a number of other users commenting on the situation. He told police he would turn himself in after getting things "organised"
Tyson Fury has relinquished his WBA, IBF and WBO belts. The WBC title is held by American Deontay Wilder. Wladimir Klitschko is reluctant to fight without those belts on the line.
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Lower School, Kempston. Luton Crown Court heard Brian Wright, 55, of Kempston, said he was unable to see at the point of impact. He denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving. Mrs Blackburn, a lollipop lady for 20 years
Qatar vowed to improve the rights of migrants in the Gulf state in May. Amnesty said progress to end exploitation had been minimal. Gulf state has seen an influx of foreign workers ahead of the football tournament.
Scottish Canals team uses Google Street View's Trekker camera backpack. Camera is designed to allow easier access to narrow footpaths and bridges.
Hidden software was also injecting adverts on to browsers. Lenovo faces questions about why and for how long it was pre-installed. Superfish was designed to help users find products by visually analysing images.
British singer Ed Sheeran also won his first two Grammys for song of the year and best pop solo performance. Rapper Kendrick Lamar won the most prizes on the night with five awards.
Germany's gross domestic product was 1.9% higher last year than in 2015. The annual figure is based on an early estimated that growth was around 0.5% in the fourth quarter.
Police called to Honeywell Drive, in Stepps, just after 21:00 on Sunday. The man is said to be in a stable condition in hospital.
Four youths are in police custody in Milan, Italy. They are accused of a series of raids on shops and hotels. One victim was pistol-whipped and needed 10 stitches for a deep wound.
The plane was flying over the Amanos Mountains in the southern province of Osmaniye. The pilot reportedly sent a message saying "I'm jumping" before contact was lost. Rescuers found his body near to the wreckage of the aircraft.
Mr Odinga has accused the electoral authorities of fraud tantamount to "democracy's slaughter" But foreign observers have described the election as free and fair. The international community has urged calm amid fears that the fraud claims could result in violence.
Natasha Harding headed Wales in front five minutes after break. Substitute Ward then scored twice in two minutes before sliding in for her third. Victory sees Wales leapfrog Kazakhstan and Israel into third place in Group 8.
The company's management team says the internet means pornographic magazines are no longer commercially viable. Many of you think it is a most welcome move and might even help encourage a more respectful portrayal of women in the media.
Felix Sturm won a split decision after a superb fight with two judges favouring Sturm by 116-112 and the other seeing it 115-113 for Macklin. Sturm's sharper work in the second half of the contest swung the fight his way.
Jayalalitha was elected as chief minister of Tamil Nadu on four occasions. She championed the cause of the rural and urban poor by introducing subsidised food canteens. Supporters say she was instrumental in making Tamil Nadu one of India's most economically influential states. But critics say she encouraged a personality cult and
Lancashire faces the harshest budget cuts in England. Mounted and dog sections along with road policing units could be lost. Since 2010, the force has axed about 700 officers and 275 staff.
Secondary populations could be utilised in a way to reduce or halt the pressure on species' native populations. Adopting a more creative approach to conservation could help slow global biodiversity loss.
Mohammed al-Barghathi said he had decided to step down in the wake of the sieges. But he was subsequently told by Prime Minister Ali Zeidan not to present his resignation. The gunmen had demanded parliament pass the Political Isolation Law. It bars Gaddafi-era officials from office between 1969 and

It's part of the show's 30th anniversary week, so two good reasons for a party. It may be a poor substitute for Albert Square, but choose a character to dress up as and pop down the local market to pick your outfit. Fill your basket with cheap crisps, sweets and
Gnanduillet has played nine league games for the Spireites this season. The 23-year-old has made 98 appearances in total for Chesterfield.
Kante made 37 appearances for Ligue 1 side Marseille last season. The 24-year-old scored two goals for the French club.
Edinburgh team investigated the regenerative potential of the liver. They turned to a closely related group of stem cells from the biliary duct. Injecting these cells into damaged mouse livers led to regeneration.
The measures are outlined in the Digital Economy Bill, which was published on Tuesday. It sets out how a separate watchdog could punish adult sites that fail to check their visitors' ages. Ofcom would be able to fine mobile networks a maximum £20,000 a day, up to a total sum of £2m, if
The 71-year-old was crushed under the vehicle as she crossed Princes Street. The crash happened at about 12:15 and the road was closed for two hours.
Enric Marco claimed to have been imprisoned in Flossenbuerg, a camp in Bavaria. He was head of Spain's main association of Nazi victims, the Amical de Mauthausen. Marco eventually admitted publicly that he had never been in a concentration camp.
Thanet District Council was ordered to lift a ban on live animal exports. It paid more than £5m in compensation to traders but has not submitted insurance claim. Campaigners said taxpayers had been left to foot the bill.
Livi's 2-0 win over nearest challengers came courtesy of goals from Dale Carrick and Nicky Cadden. Brechin City moved above Alloa Athletic and to within a point of second place by beating Stranraer. East Fife won Barry Smith's first match in charge against Peterhead.
Edward Hardy, who lives in a care home in Wookey, Somerset, played for decades but had not touched the keyboard for nearly 25 years. His old bandmates David Payne, 67, Arthur Rice, 66, and Ron Foster, 88, got in touch for a reunion.
Genome sequence from a thigh bone found in Siberia shows the first episode of mixing occurred between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago. The study also supports the finding that our species emerged from Africa some 55,000 years ago, before spreading around the world.
Opposition calls for an end to the government's brutal crackdown on protesters. Government invited opposition to discuss framework for a national dialogue conference. Activists say it is a government ploy to begin dialogue while suppression continues.
Social media videos showed injured fans and officers in body armour wielding batons. Earlier, Spanish police said eight Leicester fans were arrested for "causing a mess" Gary Lineker, a Leicester fan, tweeted: "Just saw the footage of some Leicester fans behaving despicably in Madrid"
Steve Davies said officials were 'concerned' about volume of early entry. Follows criticism from Kirsty Williams that children were being 'banked' Mr Davies said the government wants to take action on the issue in the autumn.
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier have been charged with attempted murder. Last week, a Wisconsin judge decided that they should be tried as adults. The victim, 12 at the time, was stabbed 19 times but survived.
A total of 276 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram from Chibok in April 2014. More than 20 were released in October in a deal brokered by the Red Cross. Over Christmas, 21 of the young women freed under the October deal returned home for the first time. Family members said they were kept
The 36-year-old man was taken to a London hospital in a critical condition. He died shortly after 07:00 GMT and his next of kin have been informed. It is not believed that any other person was involved in the incident.
Westinghouse has struggled with hefty losses that have thrown its Japanese parent into a crisis. The US firm has suffered huge cost overruns at two US projects in Georgia and South Carolina. Toshiba said the bankruptcy would not affect Westinghouse's UK operation. However, the firm warned that the writedown of its US
Earth Wind & Fire sold more than 90 million albums around the world. Several of their records went multi-platinum. They regularly featured 16 players on stage, all of whom could turn on a dime.
We count down the best and worst moments from the last series of The Apprentice. The hypnotherapist made a solid impression in the first week of the competition. Another contestant to blaze a trail for feminism was Daniel Lassman.
Nathan, 23, said he was worried being bisexual would be a problem with his male housemates. Figure skating champion Chloe, 19, admits she "hooked up" in the house. James Tindale announced that he's leaving the house in the new series.
The first part of the Midland Metro service opened in December. Once complete, trams from Wolverhampton will continue in Birmingham. Elsie Field, now 91, began working on the trams as a conductress when she was 18.
Ricciardo and Vettel are respectively 60 and 117 points behind leader Lewis Hamilton with 150 still available. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said their title hopes were a "long shot"
More than 8 million people were affected by the earthquake. It also caused massive damage to roads and buildings. Aid organisations like World Vision are helping people get their lives back on track.
The Somalia-born player joined Celtic as a 10-year-old. The club had successfully campaigned for him and his family to be allowed to stay in Scotland.
Otto Warmbier has not spoken since his return to his family in Ohio. Scans show there is no sign that he was physically abused during his detention. His condition is "not what we normally see with traumatic brain injury"
Cook unbeaten on 95 overnight and reached 101 not out off 198 balls. St Kitts stuttered to a draw with a second innings total of 76-7. The first Test against West Indies starts in Antigua on 13 April.
The judges scored the fight 97-91, 99-89, 96-93 in favour of Evans. Evans stated before the fight that he wants a shot at WBO lightweight champion Terry Flanagan.
Six members of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg block entrance to building. They want the Welsh government to adopt six basic policy changes. Welsh government says it is taking action to promote the language.
HMRC says 43 players, eight agents and 12 football clubs are under investigation. Some footballers and entertainers have income from image rights paid into offshore accounts without tax deducted.
Gurney has signed a new three-year contract with Nottinghamshire. The 30-year-old has taken 306 wickets for the Trent Bridge club in all formats.
Mebyon Kernow lost deposits in all six seats at both the last general elections. Prime Minister called a snap general election for 8 June - three years earlier than scheduled.
Neighbours rescue two cats from burning property in Milford Drive, Dorset. The occupants were not home at the time of the fire. Police believe fire was started deliberately through cat flap in front door.
The 29-year-old died from a cardiac arrest triggered by hereditary heart disease. His widow, Lizzie, has asked people to wear rugby league shirts for the service at St Mary's Church, Halifax.
subsidies for job-seeking graduates and other state support for youngsters are worth 400-500m (£321-401m) Nuit Debout movement has organised nightly rallies since 31 March against Mr Valls' labour market reforms.
British MP Jo Cox was shot and stabbed after holding an advice session. The Labour MP had campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU. She was also a vocal supporter of Syrian opposition groups and refugee rights.
New money should mean a further 70-90 houses become available for renting across Wales. Finance Minister Jane Hutt said it would make "a real difference" to people's lives.
Andre Andre gave Porto the lead, volleying in after Asmir Begovic pushed away Yacine Brahimi's effort. Willian equalised on the stroke of half-time with a superb free-kick from the edge of the area. Maicon put the home side ahead again with a flicked header
Palin, who turns 70 on Sunday, said it was "a very high honour" The Bafta TV awards will be hosted by Graham Norton on BBC One.
Blair government rejected a cull in the English countryside. Coalition gave the go-ahead for pilot culls in England in 2013. These are expected to resume for a third year in the Southwest this year.
The collision happened at about 12:35 GMT at Tamnamore. The motorway has been closed in both directions. Police are advising motorists heading to Belfast to exit at junction 15.
Magnus Carlsen sealed victory following three weeks of play. Karjakin tied against Carlsen in 12 regular rounds but was beaten. Hundreds of spectators paid between $100 and $500 to watch the games.
Lord Oakeshott quit facing disciplinary action for commissioning research suggesting the party would do better without Mr Clegg. Berwick candidate Julie Porksen said his donation was just one of many.
Collision involved a silver Porsche and a grey Toyota Hilux. The 30-year-old driver of the Porsche was airlifted to hospital.
The tiny patients aren't expected to survive on their own until the summer. They'll eventually be moved to a large, outdoor enclosure with a pool.
A firm is buying up to a quarter of the timber released by NRW every year. Auditor General Huw Vaughan Thomas said he was unable to satisfy himself on whether the decision to make the deal was lawful. He said the decision-making process was not transparent and expressed "doubt" over whether it met
The hidden theatre, dating back to 1875, will be used for plays, films, comedy and music. Material from the BBC archives will be shown in revamped TV studios, now derelict. Both the theatre and the studios, which have been derelict for 35 years, are in the eastern end of the Victorian palace
St Johnstone finished fourth in the Scottish Premiership last season. Manager Steven Wright has been linked with bigger clubs in recent months. But the St Johnstone boss says he is happy at McDiarmid Park.
Republican nominee denied ever sexually assaulting women. He turned his fire on ex-President Bill Clinton in a bitter US presidential debate. Mr Trump said if he won, he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Mrs Clinton.
James Tavernier was penalised for a last-minute challenge on Jonny Hayes. The free-kick led to James Maddison curling home a stunning effort. Rangers remain in the bottom half of the Scottish Championship.
Argyll and Bute Council found naturally-occurring toxins in Loch Melfort and Seil Sound. They accumulate in molluscs such as mussels, oysters, cockles and razor clams. When levels breach statutory limits, harvesting of affected species is prohibited.
The 28-year-old was a regular for the managerless Latics last season. Jones previously played for Tranmere, Bury, Sheffield Wednesday and Crawley.
The 34-year-old's ban now expires on 1 June 2018, instead of 25 October 2018. He was charged with breaking FA rules for placing 1,260 bets on matches between 26 March 2006 and 13 May 2016. Barton, who says he is addicted to gambling, appealed against the length of the ban which
David West junior, 45, stabbed his father, of the same name, in December 2014. Handing down the sentence, the judge acknowledged he had been bullied extensively by his father. But he said the evidence against West was "overwhelming" and his father had been vulnerable when he was killed.
Police dog handler creates special home for service industry dogs. Bai Yan has spent seven years and more than one million yuan on the resort. Latest video has been viewed more than 14.7 million times on video platform Miaopai.
Midwives Catherine McCullough and Gretta Dixon are accused of failing to have Mrs Titcombe assessed. Caroline Duncan told the Nursing and Midwifery Council there was "no evidence" they knew she was ill. Mr and MrsTitcombe's son Joshua died of an infection in 2008, nine days after he was born
Three sightings have been reported in recent days. Leatherbacks nest in the Caribbean before travelling to UK waters to feed.
Boeing 767 bound for Miami experienced 'uncontained engine failure' Pilot aborted take-off and evacuated everyone via emergency chutes. Twenty people suffered minor injuries, the fire department said.
Yanis Varoufakis confirmed that he worked on a contingency plan in case emergency funding to the Greek financial system was cut off. He has been accused of secretly planning a Greek exit from the euro. But Mr Tsipras said on Friday that he had ordered the plan, adding it would have been "irresponsible
South Wimbledon and Queensway will be the first to see staff move. Transport for London said it would save £50m annually. But Manuel Cortes, from the TSSA union, said Boris Johnson was 'rushing through' closures.
David Gallacher, 37, has been charged with assault causing actual bodily harm, assault by beating and two counts of racially or religiously aggravated assault. The Somalian woman was attacked outside the Co-op on 6 August.
The 33-year-old delivered a fault-free cross-country round on his mount La Biosthetique. Jung won the Burghley and Kentucky titles. Great Britain's challenge faltered, with Emily King eliminated.
Everything Everything's third album, Get To Heaven, is mired in violence and destruction. The lyrics were inspired when the Manchester band took a year off from touring. Frontman Jonathan Higgs says the album affected his mental health.
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone was Vatican's secretary of state under Benedict XVI. He was replaced by Pope Francis in 2013 and lives in a flat overlooking St Peter's Square. Bertone said he paid for the work on his residence himself.
The characters have been revived for their first feature film in 35 years. Charles Schulz's son and grandson have brought them back to life. Charlie Brown, Snoopy and Lucy all spoke to Genevieve Hassan.
Trenton Mays and Ma'lik Richmond, both 16, deny the charges they face next month at a juvenile court. Three other students who witnessed the alleged attack but were not charged are expected to testify. Judge Lipps also ruled the non-jury trial would be open to the public.
Nigerians discuss their experience of the election campaign with the BBC. Security is at the centre of the campaigns for votes in Africa's biggest oil producer. The rise of Islamist group Boko Haram in the north-east has made security a key issue.
Essex head Division One table by 41 points with five games remaining. Only Notts have won the title following promotion the previous year. Essex lifted the trophy six times in the days of a single-division Championship.
Real politics will inevitably mean concession and compromise. Both sides seemed at times to suggest it was a choice between Utopia and Armageddon. Politicians on the Leave side have already admitted that some supporters will be 'disappointed'
Corn snake found in van after it was dropped off at a yard on March 8. It is now 'fine and well' in an animal shelter. Most corn snakes sold in the UK are bred in captivity.
Sheridan only took over as manager at Rodney Parade on Friday after Terry Butcher's departure the previous day. He saw his side fall behind to Exeter when Joel Grant took Jordan Moore-Taylor's cross and cut inside to score. Newport fought back as John-Lewis pounced after Troy Brown blocked Alex Rodman
Exeter City beat Crewe Alexandra 4-0 in their League Two clash. Lloyd James, David Wheeler and Lloyd James scored for the Grecians. Charlie Kirk was sent off for the visitors for a tackle on Jake Taylor.
Wajda made more than 40 feature films in a career spanning 60 years. Many of his films were inspired by Poland's wartime and communist history. In 2000, he was awarded an honorary Oscar for his contribution to world cinema.
Ads on the Independent blogs website have been modified to install malware. Cryptesla holds files on the host machine to ransom and demands a payment. The Independent said it had removed all ads on the site while it investigated.
Ibarguen won with her fourth round jump of 15.17m. Yulimar Rochas of Venezuela took silver and Olga Rypakova won bronze.
The weir was found by chance on the shore of Southampton Water in 2005. Radiocarbon dating has shown it was built in the 8th or 9th centuries. Experts from Exeter University said the results were "thrilling"
The Kremlin's dreams of a US-Russian rapprochement were shattered, writes Konstantin Eggert. It is an unexpected reversal of fortune for Russia and President Vladimir Putin. In the hard-power world of the Middle East one doesn't know which outcome is more damaging for Russia.
37-year-old was held at his home address under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000. He has been taken to a south London police station and is being questioned.
Student Tom Lucking found the 7cm (2.8in) item while metal detecting in 2014. He unearthed the pendant whilst exploring a field near Diss, Norfolk. It was declared treasure alongside other items at an inquest in Norwich.
Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust was given the rating in September. Chief Executive Heather Tierney Moore said she was 'proud' of progress made. Trust was told to focus on issues including staff training and safety.
Mohamed Elneny should be available for Arsenal after making a quicker than expected recovery from an ankle injury. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs are both fitness doubts. Arsenal have a mixed record at The Hawthorns with only one win in their past three league visits.
England had failed to beat the Springboks in their previous 12 meetings. Jonny May and Courtney Lawes scored first-half tries for England. George Ford and Owen Farrell also went over in the second period.
Jason Manford turned to Facebook after he said his dad was out of work. He asked for help for his "proud legend" of a dad to "keep out of the house" His followers suggested working in security and driving lorries. Age UK said employers shouldn't ignore older workforce.
James Nicol believes he was exposed to asbestos while working on council houses in the 1980s. The 85-year-old worked for Highland Regional Council, now Highland Council, as a labourer. In March this year, the pensioner was diagnosed with mesothelioma, an incurable lung cancer almost always caused by asbestos
Liverpool mayor Joe Anderson has set out his budget, which would save £90m. It includes reducing call centre opening hours and reviewing libraries. There is also a 4.99% council tax increase, which was rejected by residents.
Spirit of Shankly (SOS) will vote on the issue on Saturday. The club said it would "listen" to fans' views if legislation requiring all-seater stadiums were ever changed. SOS has discussed the issue with members since September. 96 fans were killed in a crush at an FA Cup semi
Teenager had been told to leave court by PC Louden but returned and assaulted her. The 16-year-old admitted a charge of assault to injury on 28 January. She also admitted breaching a community payback order previously imposed for another offence.
Tommy Rowe scored in the last seconds of the first half to give Doncaster the lead. John Marquis really should have doubled the advantage in the second half. Marquis saw his shot cleared off the line by Richard Brindley. Colchester piled on the pressure in the latter stages.
Britain's Johanna Konta beat China's Zhang Shuai 6-4 6-1 in the quarter-finals. Konta next faces German seventh seed Angelique Kerber. Brit Andy Murray beat Spain's David Ferrer 6-3 6-7 (5-7) 6-2 6-3. Murray will play Canada's Milos Raonic on
Mr Bayrou has run three times for president, winning more than 18% in 2007. He said Ms Le Pen posed a "major and immediate threat for our country" Recent polls suggest support for Mr Macron, tipped to win, has dropped slightly.
Gillan, from Inverness, will join Kevin Hart, Jack Black and The Rock. Her casting follows her securing bigger role in Guardians of the Galaxy. Jumanji involves a magical board game and is regarded by fans as a classic.
Toulson won the synchronised 10m platform in Kiev. The World Championships take place in Budapest, Hungary from 14 July.
Edward Alexander Lee, 34, pleaded guilty to 15 charges related to child pornography. He was sentenced to three years on probation at Belfast Crown Court. Judge Gordon Kerr QC said it was the best way of protecting society.
Powis Castle, near Welshpool, has turned the basement into a replica trench. It will aim to give a flavour of a frontline soldier's life.
Donald "Chip" Pugh is wanted for failure to appear in court. He sent a selfie with the warrant. "Man, they just did me wrong," he said.
The man reportedly shouted "Allahu Akbar" ("God is greatest") during the assault. He died after being shot by officers. The so-called Islamic State group called him one of its "soldiers"
Swiss bank suspected of "complicity in illegal sales practices" It is also alleged to have set up a shadow accounting system. UBS said it was cooperating with authorities.
Shelter said the "rent trap" in the private sector leaves families unable to save towards buying a home. Boris Johnson said: "I think it's very important that we expand the supply available"
There were 26,500 full time equivalent posts filled by children's social workers. Yet a further 5,470 were vacant. The number of agency workers filling vacant posts was equivalent to more than double the total number of employed children. Social workers say they are under constant pressure.
The chain, which floated on the stock market in June 2014, reported like-for-like growth of 1.1% for the 13 weeks to 27 June. That was markedly lower than the 6% recorded in the same period last year. B&M blamed disappointing weather in May, which held back sales of outdoor seasonal
GSK said it would adopt a graduated approach linked to a country's wealth. The company says the changes it is making should help people who currently cannot afford life saving medicine. In the world's poorest countries, it will allow other companies to make generics or cheaper copies of its medicine.
The settlement was reached in a compensation claim against the Northern Health and Social Care Trust. The child suffered hypoxia due to a delay in her delivery at Antrim Area Hospital in 2007.
Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull were breakout stars of BBC Two quiz show. Pair will present their own show on BBC Radio 4 on 21 August. Will discuss whether being a highly intelligent polymath is a useful quality.
Watchdog's annual report says a third of schools in North and Midlands not good enough. Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw says more attention must be paid to underachievement. Education Secretary Nicky Morgan says more needs to be done to tackle "pockets of underperformance" 16 weak local authorities named
Report was commissioned by former PM David Cameron in the wake of the Tower Hamlets election fraud scandal in 2015.
Phoenix was nominated for an Oscar for his role as Johnny Cash in Walk The Line in 2005.
Jamie Spendiff, 26, pled guilty to the culpable homicide of Craig Logie. The married 36-year-old was attacked on a stag do in Edinburgh last year. CCTV footage showed Mr Logie lying motionless on the ground.
Everton lost 3-0 at Sunderland in the Premier League on Wednesday. The Toffees are 12th in the table with one win from their past 10 games. Martinez has come under pressure from some Everton fans this season.
Britain win gold in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the World Championships. James Guy, Dan Wallace, Robbie Renwick and Calum Jarvis finished in seven minutes 4.33 seconds. The US were led off by Ryan Lochte but could not hold on.
Shaun Ingram booked his car for a major service at Halfords Autocentre in Plymouth in March. On its return he discovered the dashboard camera recorded footage of his car being driven 57 mph in a 30 mph zone. Halfords said the mechanic was a temporary employee who had been let go.
Four people drove a vehicle into a compound in Karakax county. They set off explosives that killed one person and injured three others. The authorities blame the history of violence on Islamist militants. Human rights groups accuse the government of repressing the Muslim community.
Bank said profits before tax dropped 10% to £1.43bn for the July-to-September period. The result comes a day after the bank confirmed Jes Staley would be joining as its new chief executive. Losses for the package of businesses, which includes some investment bank assets and parts of the European retail
Sandra Bullock, Bob Hoskins and Kevin Poulter attend premiere. Newsround's Chi Chi Izundu reports from the star-studded event.
Mr Trump's interview was broadcast hours before he was due to give his first address to Congress. In the Fox News interview, Mr Trump was asked about the protests faced by some Republican politicians at town hall meetings across the country. He said he was certain Obama loyalists were behind both those protests and White
Almost 70% of Queen's staff took part in the survey earlier this year. One in five said the university managed change effectively. Fewer than a third gave positive responses to questions about leadership.
Man handed out currencies in exchange for sterling at Asda in Trafford Park. He then emptied the safe into a bag before walking out of the store. Police said they were still searching for the man, described as in his 20s or 30s.
A record number of prisoners killed themselves in 2016, figures have shown. The Ministry of Justice said there were 119 self-inflicted deaths in prisons in England and Wales in 2016 - 29 more than the previous year and the highest number since records began in 1978. Research by the Centre for Mental Health and the Howard League
Biggar's current deal was due to expire at the end of this season. The 26-year-old fly-half has agreed a new deal which could keep him in Wales until the 2019 World Cup. Williams, who played 100 times for Wales, believes it will help Ospreys keep and recruit players
BBC News revisited scenes from London's festive past to see how things have changed over 170 years. App users should tap here to fully explore the interactive images, or on each individual picture to compare archive and modern-day London.
Brandon Flowers is the frontman of stadium rock superheroes The Killers. His new album, The Desired Effect, is his second solo record. The 33-year-old admits he'd rather be promoting the record with his bandmates.
Omar Al Shaikh and Amie Cresswell, both 16, tied the knot in front of family and friends. The former Air Cadet was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia after fainting during a football match. He died on Monday after a suitable stem cell donor could not be found in time.
Australian Greens leader says four-day week would boost productivity. Richard Di Natale said workers would need to be guaranteed adequate income. Economist Saul Eslake said he did not support the proposal.
Greece's Spiros Gianniotis initially given the win before being downgraded to silver. Burnell's disqualification was for two yellow cards - he was unclear why the first was shown, while the second followed a tussle with a rival swimmer. The 23-year-old said officials in "about 600
Glamorgan have lost their opening two games of the season. Glamorgan were beaten by an innings and 22 runs by Northants. They then lost by eight wickets at home to Worcestershire.
Profits for the three months to March rose to $3.8bn (£2.6bn), compared with $2.1bn for the same period in 2015. The stronger performance in Europe helped Ford to outpace Detroit rival General Motors. Shares rose 3.2% in New York, but are still 11% lower than this time last year
Stefano Brizzi, 50, denies murdering PC Gordon Semple at the Old Bailey. But he admits dismembering and destroying the 59-year-old officer's body. The pair had met on gay dating app Grindr for'sadomasochistic sex'
Haigh had been on the board since GFH took over at Elland Road in December 2012. He attempted to take charge of the club through his Sport Capital consortium but the deal collapsed in January.
Thanet District Council said it was considering a 2% rise in the authority's part of the council tax. The authority has seen a 28% reduction in government funding over the past two years.
Pedro Sanchez has been trying to secure support for a coalition government. After inconclusive December polls, acting PM Mariano Rajoy said a Socialist-led coalition would be a threat to Spain's national interests. Another vote will be held on Friday. If that vote is also unsuccessful, parliament will have a further two
New Zealand beat Wales 46-6 in the third and final Test in Dunedin. It was Wales' heaviest loss since a 62-5 defeat by England in 2007. Wales have now lost 29 Tests in a row against the All Blacks.
Crash happened at about 13:00 GMT on the A607 in Waddington. Police said the ambulance was responding to an emergency call. Four people, including the two ambulance crew, were taken to hospital.
Poland and Ukraine co-hosted Euro 2012 amid fears of fan violence and racism. But Polish FA president Dariusz Pohorecki says the tournament was a success. He says lessons have been learned but there is still room for improvement.
Scottish Conservatives, Scottish Labour and the Scottish Lib Dems were all critical. The SNP defended MP and MSP Mr Salmond saying he was on constituency business.
Borders needs a through route to the south to maximise the region's economic potential. Extending the line is already being examined as part of a wider study. The report has been presented to Transport Minister Humza Yousaf.
Campaign for Border Rail spokesman said they would have preferred a report looking solely at rail services in the area. He said it was good to see the CBR's case for extending the railway recognised.
Pew study: 77% of older people would need help setting up a new device. Expert in design for the elderly believes we need to get the basics right first. Increasingly, tech firms are developing hardware with age and disability in mind.
The Ben-my-Chree struck the King Edward Pier in Douglas on Sunday. The Isle of Man Steam-Packet Company said no one was injured. Four crossings between Douglas and Heysham were cancelled.
This is England '90 will focus on relationship between Lol and Woody. Two-hour drama will deal with aftermath of four-part series.
Mr Straw introduced the act in 2000 but his place on the panel has been criticised. He said inquiries about ministerial communications and the formulation of government policy should not be allowed any more. But he said the review would weigh the evidence carefully including that from groups opposed to the act.
Ricky Burns loses to Julius Indongo in London. Namibia's Indongo was unbeaten in 21 fights prior to this contest. Burns rallied in the fifth and sixth rounds but the tall southpaw emerged worthy a winner.
Refugees and asylum seekers living in Belfast do voluntary conservation work. They rebuild dry-stone walls and repair mountain paths in County Down. The walls are one of the most unmistakable features of the Mourne mountains.
Barry Henderson, 41, from Fraserburgh, was charged with murder and attempted murder when he appeared at Peterhead Sheriff Court. He made no plea and was released on bail.
Victim threatened with knife by two men who tried to force him into a car near the Norfolk base last week. Police investigating the incident at RAF Marham confirmed the sighting was not one of the suspects.
It is thought to be the second test of the North's new Musudan missile. An attempt earlier this month also failed. Reports suggest it is planning a fifth nuclear test, despite condemnation of its last test in January.
Holyrood's finance committee has published its report on the budget. It is the first time new tax powers have been used in Scotland. Members said it was "critical" there was "complete transparency" over budgets. But other party leaders have warned "it's not looking good" for a deal
First node launched from Baikonur, Kazakhstan, on Saturday. Telecommunications satellite will use laser to gather pictures of planet taken by other spacecraft. Esa hopes system will put information on natural disasters into hands of emergency responders.
Catalans have lost their first two games of the season. Hull top the table ahead of Wigan, with both sides starting the campaign with two victories.
The next public consultation in the Greater Manchester Spatial Framework scheme was due in September. The scheme identifies sites for housing developments that may be built over the next 20 years. Andy Burnham promised to revise the plans following protests from affected communities.
Virtus body armour is replacing Osprey and is 4.7kg lighter than Osprey. But soldiers say it gives limited space for extra equipment. MoD said it was working with the armour's supplier to make improvements.
Gordon had eight years at Stoke before dropping into non-league football. The 22-year-old has scored 11 times in 18 games in the seventh tier this season. Rangers said they were proud to have played a part in Gordon's journey.
Entertainers Starkidz were "cornered" by the gang after a Christmas lights switch-on. One performer was punched in the stomach and another threatened with an airgun. Merseyside Police said it was investigating a report of anti-social behaviour.
Original plan was to hold parade in Derry on the same date. Relatives of Bloody Sunday victims objected, saying it was an "insult" The Derry parade was called off last week amid reports of counter-demonstrations. Veterans for Justice UK has now lodged a fresh application with the Parades Commission
Le Saux suffered years of baseless claims about his alleged homosexuality. Rumours came to a head when he clashed with Robbie Fowler. There are currently no openly gay players in the English professional game.
It is hoped the finds will show how life was before the Roman invasion. Animal remains, a number of quern-stones used for grinding corn to make bread, weaving and metalworking materials were also uncovered.
Action on Hearing Loss Cymru's south east Wales support service is one-of-a-kind. The charity said "demand is far outweighing supply" for its two advisers. Action estimates 4% of the Welsh workforce are deaf or wear hearing aids.
Manchester United are sixth in the Premier League, 13 points behind Chelsea. Jose Mourinho wants to keep his squad together for the rest of the season. However, sources have told BBC Sport he would like to make changes. United have spent £480m since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013.
Institute for Public Policy Research said SNP could raise £1.2bn by 2020/21. Scottish Lib Dem tax pledges could result in added revenue of £750m. Greens have announced plans to create new tax bands and increase additional rate to 60%.
Two other former executives, as well as the camera firm itself, filed a guilty plea in Tokyo District Court. They face up to 10 years in prison. The three admitted to hiding losses dating back to the 1990s.
Mohamed Fahmy, Baher Mohamed and Peter Greste were jailed in July 2014. Their convictions for spreading false news were overturned and they were freed in February to await retrial. Mr Greste was deported to Australia and is on trial again in absentia.
Joshua Bwalya was found dead in the street on Wednesday. A boy, 16, and a man, 20, suspected of involvement were also injured. Both were taken to different hospitals in the capital before they were arrested.
Second row ruled out of Tests against South Africa and Fiji. Kruis was part of 32-man training squad that gathered on Sunday. England's autumn Test series continues against Argentina next Saturday.
Dengue outbreak in Burkina Faso is causing alarm and officials are trying to avoid any widespread panic. One man told BBC Afrique's Yacouba Ouedraogo in the capital, Ouagadougou, that the disease had killed his brother quickly.
Naseby Battlefield Project (NBP) wants to build the centre at the Northamptonshire site of the decisive battle of the English Civil War. The Heritage Lottery Fund has given the group £9,900 to pay for a feasibility study and consultation.
24-year-old joins on a free transfer from Olympiacos - also owned by Forest owner Evangelos Marinakis. Bouchalakis had been expected to sign a loan deal with Forest.
DeirEzzor24 website reported that an unidentified jet had dropped cluster bombs on Dablan. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll at 30. It comes only two days after a US-led coalition strike reportedly killed 42 detainees at an IS prison near Mayadin.
Denise White from Eglinton village is the founder of Something Special. The music and creative arts group educates students with learning disabilities. In a tribute video, her students described her as an "inspiration" The Unsung Hero award was launched as part of this year's BBC Music Day.
It comes after staff agreed to work extra hours to save the in-patient ward. But The Wye Valley NHS Trust, which runs the hospital, said this was a temporary measure.
41 Israelis have been killed since October 2015 in knife, gun and car-ramming attacks. Local media have named the driver as 22-year-old Malek Hamad from Silwad. The Palestinian militant group, Hamas, praised what it called the 'heroic' attack.
The pair appeared in front of thousands of fans at a news conference in Los Angeles. The first of four events called to promote the Las Vegas fight. Mayweather replied: "I guarantee you're going out on your face or your back" The 40-year-old said he was an "old man"
Prime Minister's mother made payments to her children to avoid inheritance tax. Under the "seven-year rule", if she dies before 2018, the value of that estate will include earlier gifts. Some argue that it is morally wrong and everyone should order their affairs. But the UK's tax law
St Botolph's Church in Boston was badly damaged by a tidal surge in 2013. The floodlights were replaced but the switch-on was put in doubt when two lights were stolen. Peter Sherlock, who gave the church £2,000, was among those present.
The attacks, occurring from 2011 to 2013, are believed to have been co-ordinated from Iranian companies. The Department of Justice revealed an indictment against the seven, believed to be working for their government in Iran. Officials said the attacks were a "wake-up call"
Roberts spent the first half of the season on loan at Oxford United. Oxford were keen to extend the deal for the entire season. The Wales Under-19 international has scored twice for Oxford this term. He made his Albion debut as a 17-year-old in the 1-1 home draw with Liverpool.
University of Swansea's Faraday Lecture Block is to get a makeover. The building dates back to the 1960s and has become an eyesore. It will have a new entrance hall, extended second floor and improved access.
The latest stage of the government's auto-enrolment programme has seen a 95% compliance rate among small businesses. All employers will eventually need to offer pensions to anyone who is over the age of 22 and who earns more than £10,000 a year. The full roll-out is taking years
Rick Edwards started the fire at the former Pontins resort in Brixham. The 20-year-old was given a 12-month jail term suspended for two years. He was also given a year's supervision order to prevent further offending.
The 21-year-old could make his Fleetwood debut against Scunthorpe United on Saturday. Burns has scored one goal in 17 appearances for the Robins this season.
The Olympic torch will be carried through 300 Brazilian cities next year. Each person will carry the torch for 300 metres. The relay will take the torch through the Federal District, where Brasilia is.
At least two missiles were fired at a house in North Waziristan tribal region. It is the third such attack since new PM Nawaz Sharif won elections in May. A government statement said the strike violated Pakistan's sovereignty.
Donald Swanson was born at Geise, near Thurso, in 1848. He joined the Metropolitan Police in 1868 and became a detective in 1888. Mr Swanson was involved in the arrest of Percy Lefroy Mapleton in 1881. In 1884, the detective helped in the hunt for those responsible for a bombing
Lauro Bertulano, 46, and Rebecca Jones, 31, neglected patients on a specialist stroke ward. Natalie Jones, 42, was given a community order for the same offence. Cardiff Crown Court heard they failed to check blood glucose levels at least every two hours. All three previously pleaded guilty to multiple
The Belo Monte dam will be the third biggest in the world if it goes ahead. The 11,000-megawatt dam will help meet Brazil's energy needs. Environmentalists have been vociferous in their opposition to the project.
In 2014, the largest colony of the rare seabirds was at Winterton, near Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. Two years ago there were 300 pairs but this year there are just 190 pairs at Sea Palling. RSPB said the species is declining and 380 chicks have hatched at the site since May.
Mother of the baby pine marten gave birth about a month ago. She was among the first group of 20 relocated to mid Wales from Scotland in 2015. The species were once common in Wales but were thought to be close to extinction by the 20th Century.
Melissa Reid, 22, was arrested with Michaella McCollum, of Co Tyrone, in 2013. They struck a plea deal for a reduced sentence of six years and eight months. Reid, who was expelled from Peru under an early release scheme, touched down in Glasgow Airport on Wednesday evening. McColl
Since 2012, 5.4 million workers have been signed up to a workplace pension. Millions more people who work for small businesses, or individuals, have yet to be offered a pension plan. All employers are being warned that they need to offer pensions to anyone who is over the age of 22.
Ian Stewart, 56, denies murdering Helen Bailey at their home in Royston, Hertfordshire. Her body was found in July, dumped in a cesspit under the garage. St Albans Crown Court heard Mr Stewart told a psychiatric nurse he had thought about taking his own life.
The Royal Opera House said the interruption was a false alarm. People took to Twitter after being caught up in the real-life drama.
Dr John Hinds, 35, was involved in an accident while providing medical cover. He died in hospital in Dublin on Saturday. Dr Hinds and Dr Fred McSorley were dubbed "the flying doctors" of Irish sport.
Foley died suddenly on Sunday in Paris and the game in Ireland, and beyond, is going to take some time to try to comprehend this outrageous loss. He was born into a rugby family - or more particularly, a Shannon rugby family. When Foley started playing for Munster in October 1994, he sat in the same
The app samples wireless signals to see if data is flowing uninterrupted. It provides tips to help people spot what might be slowing down their wi-fi speed. Ofcom said there had been 'good progress' on availability and use of telecoms services.
2008 champion finishes on nine under and five behind winner Alex Noren. Padraig Harrington was six under after a 71 while Belfast's Michael Hoey was back on four over following a 72.
Researchers hope to be among first to start using it on humans within three years. Process involves growing someone's cells in an incubator and then mixing them with a liquid which is 3D printed into a jelly-like shape. Team of surgeons working with scientists and engineers who have built a 3D printer specifically
Population 20,600 Area 508 sq km (196 sq miles) Major languages Palauan, English Major religions Christianity, Modekngei (indigenous belief) Life expectancy 66 years (men), 72 years (women)
Lorenzo Insigne gave Napoli the lead in the first half. Giacomo Bonaventura equalised five minutes later.
Uptown Funk originally had six songwriters. It's said to have followed a claim from publisher Minder Music. Blurred Lines court case may have influenced the decision.
Chinese President Xi Jinping begins state visit to US with wide-ranging speech. He lavished praise on culture of his hosts, from Sleepless in Seattle to Walt Whitman. Mr Xi also denied Beijing engages in hacking but said China would co-operate with Washington on the issue. Hacking and economic reforms are
Labour MP Keith Vaz said Coca-Cola was marketing a'real health hazard' But Conservative city councillor Ross Grant said opening sweet shop in 2013 'put him into the category' Public Health England also has concerns about the marketing of Coke.
Jean Say killed his son and daughter two years ago. Southwark Sapphire unit 'encouraged' victims to withdraw allegations. Det Con Ryan Coleman-Farrow jailed for 16 months last year for failing to investigate rape and sexual assault claims.
The 47-year-old man was found dead at an apartment in Yangon, formerly Rangoon. Foreign Office says it is working with local authorities to determine what happened.
United Nations says 1,890 Palestinians had lost their lives in the conflict. Among the dead were 414 children and 87 men and women over the age of 60. The youngest to be killed was 10 days old, while the oldest was 100.
Two thirds of Great Britain's sporting teams hit the mark. Nine sports failed to reach the standard set and will have to wait to see if their budgets are cut.
Call handling and IT system is more than £40m over budget. An earlier attempt to introduce the system had to be abandoned. Programme will now be phased in for some services from this summer.
A passer-by found two men unconscious and bleeding at the side of the road. One of the men died at the scene and the other is critical in hospital. A finger-tip search of the area is under way, police said.
More leaflets and canvassing than ever during the next six weeks. There is a real spring in the step of the smaller parties. UKIP are making this election so different across the North West.
Welsh Water's HelpU social tariff could offer savings of up to £250 a year. It is backed by the Welsh government and other organisations. Company says it invested £174m in large projects and essential infrastructure.
Joleon Lescott has told a fan to come to the training ground to meet him. The defender has retaliated to comments from former Villa striker Stan Collymore. YouTube stars Copa 90 have shown what it's like to be an Aston Villa fan.
Porecki will act as cover at Allianz Park during the Rugby World Cup. Sarries could potentially lose Jamie George and Schalk Brits to England and South Africa duty at the tournament.
The bodies ranged from premature babies to three year olds. The home was run by the Bon Secours order of nuns in Tuam, County Galway. Archbishop Martin said many in the church and society were 'ashamed'
Daniel Jones, 58, who has admitted his involvement in the heist, offered to take police to the stashed loot. Jewels, gold and gems were buried in Edmonton Cemetery in north London. Three men deny conspiracy to commit burglary. A fourth denies conspiracy to conceal or transfer criminal property.
Thames Water said 25% more fat goes down drains in December than at any other time.
Greenlight lets users pledge support for games that Valve then helps appear on the service. Steam Direct will let developers get their games onto the service without first having to win over audiences to a title.
Xiyue Wang was arrested last August as he tried to leave the country. The 37-year-old researcher from Princeton University was part of an 'infiltration project' The US State Department called on Iran to release all those held on "fabricated" charges.
Alleged victim claims Clifford forced her to perform a sex act on him. Clifford denies indecent assault in his London office in the 1980s. Southwark Crown Court hears he was asked about the allegation in his police interview.
Mountain-dwelling variety has been re-christened the "alpine thrush" The Himalayan forest thrush is only the fourth species of bird discovered in India since 1947.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor will fight on 26 August. The fight will take place at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. Mayweather and McGregor met in front of 16,000 fans in Toronto. McGregor insulted Mayweather over his outfit and suggested he couldn't read.
Jordan McNab, 21, and two others entered 48-year-old Ian Dickson's flat in East Kilbride on 20 November 2014. Following a prolonged attack, the victim suffered facial bruising, a collapsed lung and a fractured rib. Mr Dickson was punched, kicked and hit with a baseball bat and a piece of
Lewis-Francis took up the sport four months ago with the aim of competing at the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. GB performance director Gary Anderson said it was a "tough call" to leave the 33-year-old out. Instead, Britain have gone for a mixture of youth and experience in their squad.
Daniel Timbers, 28, and Barry Joy, 56, died in an explosion at work in 2015. Mr Timbers had been standing in for his father who was ill at the time. The men died as a result of the effects of fire and inhalation of fumes.
Grade II* listed building in Lyme Regis has been restored. It was the home of author John Fowles for almost four decades. The French Lieutenant's Woman was written there.
Divock Origi scored the only goal of the game in the 71st minute. Liverpool reach a record 17th League Cup semi-final. Teenager Ben Woodburn broke Michael Owen's record for youngest scorer.
The London Legacy Development Corporation have been told to publish details of the move. West Ham were awarded tenancy of the London 2012 stadium in 2013. £272m has been spent to convert the site for use as a Premier League ground.
Prince of Wales delivers third Thought for the Day address on Radio 4. He said religious freedom was a 'choice between life and death' for some. Said scale of religious persecution around the world was 'not widely appreciated'
Education secretary launches consultation on new school funding formula. Nicky Morgan says the current system is "outdated, inefficient and unfair" Labour accuses government of "dodging difficult questions" about who will lose funding in the changes.
Top of the pile is the change to the way dividends on shares are taxed. From November, the standard rate of insurance premium tax will rise. Vehicle excise duty (VED) is what you used to know as your tax disc.
Sportsmail's Jonathan Agnew pays tribute to cricket commentator Henry Blofeld. Blofeld helped create a legacy that marks out TMS as the envy of the broadcast world. Agnew on Blofeld: 'Being the extraordinary man that he is, he just carried on'
Real Madrid 3, Real Sociedad 0: lvaro Morata header from centre of box to bottom left corner; Lucas Vzquez assist. Cristiano Ronaldo played in Mateo Kovacic for his first La Liga goal. Inigo Martinez sent off for two bookings before Alvaro Morata headed in Lucas Vazquez'
The bill was passed by lawmakers in Sindh - home to many of Pakistan's three million Hindus. Activists say that without such a law, Hindu women are targets for forced conversions, abduction and rape. The national assembly is considering a wider law recognising Hindu marriages.
Demetri Catrakilis has signed for Harlequins from Racing Metro. The fly-half previously played for Southern Kings and Stormers. Quins have not disclosed the length of the contract.
The Pacaya volcano began spewing ash and lava after a powerful explosion on Saturday. New explosions were seen on Sunday, with ash clouds reaching a height of 3 miles. Flights have been diverted from the area, some 30 miles south of the capital, Guatemala City.
King's College London team say looking at "biological age" is more useful than using a date of birth. Test looks for an "ageing signature" in your body's cells by comparing the behaviour of 150 genes.
Lisa Bridgett, of Pwllheli, had been using the phone after the Ariana Grande concert. She lost a middle finger before the nut went through her phone and her cheek. Her husband said the phone probably diverted and slowed down the nut.
Kremlin spokesman said pilots were "guided by co-ordinates" from "Turkish partners" Turkish military insisted troops had been at the building for 10 days. The two countries are working together to drive ISIS from its last stronghold in Aleppo.
A merger of the Royal Liverpool and Aintree University hospitals has been proposed. It aims to address a potential funding gap of £908m in the area by 2021. Councillor Andy Moorhead said Liverpool City Region "will not support" the plan, which was "completed in secrecy"
Five crew of the Saint Christophe were rescued by ladder from the stern. Anti-pollution boom was put around the vessel to prevent an oil spill.
Emergency services called to house in Durness at about 02:00. Police Scotland said it was not known if she was in the house at the time.
South West Trains apologises for disruption caused by signalling fault. Passengers say they were challenged by police at the exit. Network Rail said 60 trains out of London Waterloo were affected.
The men, along with a fifth man, were caught after firearms, ammunition and cocaine were found in a car arriving at Folkestone from Calais in January 2012. They were convicted of firearms and drugs charges on Monday after a six-week trial. Judge described it as "a carefully planned enterprise"
Eric Bubiik, 28, and his partner Magalie Bamu, 29, have been convicted of killing Kristy Bamu. The couple accused Kristy of controlling and adversely influencing a young boy. They originally came from the Democratic Republic of Congo, where witchcraft is called Kindoki.
Small businesses could be our Achilles heel when it comes to cyber-security. In the past 12 months, more than 60% of small businesses have been attacked. Criminals recognise that smaller businesses can often be a way of reaching onward to the larger firms.
Hoover Candy has been negotiating with the pension regulator and PPF. A decision is expected soon on whether to offload its pension liabilities. Those under retirement age would receive an immediate 10% cut in their pension pot.
His body was found on concrete steps in the early hours of Sunday morning. He was treated by medical staff but was pronounced dead at the scene.
A 67-year-old woman was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident. She had been driving a Volkswagen Polo which overturned after collision with an Audi A6. Another woman, 95, who was one of two female passengers in the Audi, later died from her injuries at a hospital in Edinburgh
David Davis and Arlene Foster have been fond of talking about technology as the answer to Ireland's post- Brexit problems. But the Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney has now warned that technology isn't the answer. Instead, he argues there is a need for a wider political agreement.
Judges ruled ministers could not invoke Article 50 - starting formal negotiations. Mr Cairns was at a breakfast meeting with business leaders in Cardiff. He said there was an "obligation" on politicians in all UK parliaments to give firms certainty.
Ink-jet printer combined with spinning machine creates cartilage. It could lead to bespoke cartilage for individual patients. But one expert warned it was too early to be confident it would ever be used.
Cleethorpes Pier has been empty since it closed last year. The Victorian structure was built at a cost of £8,000 and opened in 1873. Bryan Huxford, who co-owns Humberside Airport, bought the pier. He said he would reopen it as a traditional entertainment venue
30 years ago, the City of London was deregulated, revolutionising its fortunes. The switch in 1986 from traditional face-to-face share dealing to electronic trading helped it outpace its European competitors. Many believe the Big Bang's legacy is a financial infrastructure with foundations too deep to be moved.
The 21-year-old moved to the Reds in 2014 after being let go by Watford. He made 82 appearances for Crawley during his three seasons at the club.
1500m race first began in 1997 but stopped in 2010 due to funding issues. Rowers from Durham University go head-to-head with those from Newcastle University.
Ministry of Defence said they would be "man-marked every step of the way" EU leaders have strongly condemned Russia's involvement in bombing Aleppo.
Dronestagram announced the winners of their annual aerial photography competition. Thousands of entries were submitted from across the world using drones. There was a special category for dronestagram's community members.
The 28-year-old has been on loan at Qatari club Al Ain this season. Emenike becomes the club's second signing of the January transfer window.
Cash machine was put in a dark 4x4, and the thieves drove off in that vehicle and a white VW Golf. Police are appealing for anyone with mobile phone footage of the raid to get in touch.
Judd Trump and Barry Hawkins will play Mark Allen and Joe Swail. Wales, with Mark Williams and Ryan Day, play Group B runners-up China A. Holders China B face Belgium and Thailand play Iran.
Amy Simpson, 18, died when her car left the road on Tuesday. Four other women in the car escaped without serious injury. Her mother Angela Simpson said: "She made me so proud"
Former world number one Stenson hit eight birdies in his closing round. Webb Simpson finished four shots back in third place.
Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said an access road was being built to the remote site. Work on the road, which would give all-terrain vehicles access to the area, could be completed by Monday evening. German newspaper Bild published a transcript of the final minutes of the flight as caught on the cockpit voice recorder
President Ian Khama says he has personally ordered the preacher's arrest. Last week, South Africa barred Mr Anderson from visiting because of his critical remarks about homosexuality. Homosexual acts are illegal in Botswana, as in many African countries.
Williams suffered the ankle injury during Wales' win over South Africa. Reports have suggested Williams has agreed to join the European champions. Pivac is hopeful of having Williams back for the European Champions Cup double-header against Toulon.
Maidenhead host Gosport Borough in FA Cup third qualifying round on Saturday. DJ Campbell has come close to retiring after being wrongly implicated in a match-fixing scandal. Campbell was one of six people arrested in connection with allegations of fixing in football matches.
Scottish government wants to integrate rail policing with national force. Currently British Transport Police provides the service across UK. Rail unions have spoken out against the plan, while police chiefs have warned that a merger could be "massively complicated" The Railway Policing (Scotland) Bill has been tabled at Holyrood.
The redundancy scheme forms part of the financial package attached to the Stormont House Agreement. The agreement was signed in December but fell apart within three months over the vexed issue of welfare reform.
The 29-year-old has signed a two-year contract with the Dingwall side. O'Brien spent six months on loan at Ross County last season.
French Open champion Maria Sharapova said David Beckham was a 'great guy' But she did not know who Sachin Tendulkar was. #WhoisMariaSharapova is now trending worldwide.
Abuse took place at Belmont House, in Stockport, in about 1989 and 1990. The home, which was also known as Belmont Assessment Centre, has closed. Police appeal for anyone who worked or lived at the home during that period to contact them.
Labour's chief whip in the assembly calls for the Welsh Parliament name to be adopted "at the earliest opportunity" AMs will debate the issue in the Senedd next Tuesday. differences remain between the two governments on whether powers over income tax should be devolved without a referendum.
Mr Cairns praised David Cameron's leadership, even on a policy he personally opposed. The new prime minister will find Brexit at the top of her intray. Mr Cairns also rejected calls for Theresa May to hold an early general election.
Advisory panel is concerned a similar hub already exists in Swansea. It did not take into account whether the scheme - Yr Egin - would provide any educational or linguistic benefits. Camarthenshire council leader Emlyn Dole said the comparison was "completely inappropriate"
Scientists at Paignton Zoo are researching how the breed has survived the mite. The virus has killed vast numbers of the world's bees. Colonies of the bees have been moved to the zoo to monitor their health.
Dudley Council has spent £213,000 on legal fees over mosque row. If accepted, the association would retain ownership of the land. EDL supporters have accused the association of "scaremongering"
The three were among 17 people arrested in co-ordinated raids across France. They include her chauffeur in Paris, Michael Madar. Kardashian West was held at gunpoint and tied up by the robbers in October.
Muhammad Ali was the most eloquent man in the history of sport. Even when Parkinson's robbed him of his full voice he still moved people with the simplest gestures. Since his death, the eulogies have come thick and fast from all corners of the world.
Smith is concerned that trying to mould Burgess could take away his natural talent. Sam Burgess's move to Bath from Australian NRL side South Sydney in 2015 is much anticipated. Smith has nearly 200 games for club and country across the two codes.
The two children were allegedly snatched off a Beirut street earlier this month. Operation was being filmed by four Australian journalists with Channel 9's 60 Minutes programme. The mother, Sally Faulkner, was soon arrested, as were the journalists, two British men and two Lebanese men.
Computer software taught to recognise cells and pinpoint them. It means cancer cells can be identified quicker, speeding up diagnosis times. Project in collaboration with specialists in US, Germany, London and Newcastle.
Harris-Wright won a European Champions Cup medal at Leinster. The 28-year-old spent a season at Bristol in 2011-12.
Martyn Graham admitted two counts of causing death by dangerous driving. A web cam in his cab showed the brake lights ahead for 17 seconds before the crash. He also pleaded guilty to two charges of causing serious injury. The cause of his inattention remained a mystery, the court heard.
Number of new enquiries fell most dramatically in London, but also fell in nine other regions of the UK. Most surveyors also reported a fall in new instructions to sell. Rics chief economist Simon Rubinsohn said the market was characterised by uncertainty.
Mr Buhari held talks with state governors over the lack of money. He was sworn in less than four weeks ago, taking over from Goodluck Jonathan. "The days of impunity and lack of accountability are over," he said.
The 2016 Rio Olympics GB Sevens silver medallist appeared to use a gesture and swear at referee Greg Garner. In the 28th minute at Stade Felix Mayol, Garner called over Davies and Scarlets captain Ken Owens and told Davies: "If you use that language again on the pitch, I'll send you
Electra Brown author, 51, was found dead in the grounds of her home in July. Her partner, Ian Stewart, 56, has denied murdering her. A pathologist said it was possible she was put down the well in an unconscious state.
The Olympic bronze medallist split the strong Chinese pair of Aisen Chen, who took gold, and Qiu Bo to improve on his bronze-winning performance in Windsor, Canada a week ago. Attention now switches to the European Aquatics Championships in London next month.
County council plans to build 200 council homes and 300 affordable homes. The first will be built on the site of the former Custom House Lane School in Connah's Quay.
Over a million tweets globally, using the hashtag #Bowie, by 0900 GMT. Fellow musicians have been sharing their sadness on social media. Bowie fans have told of their shock and sadness.
The claims were made in a report by Mighty, a US-based environmental lobby group. It also accuses Olam and its main stakeholder, Singapore state-owned investment company Temasek, of turning a blind eye to these practices. Singapore and Malaysia regularly suffer from haze caused by slash-and-burn practices
Lord Davidson of Glen Clova is a Labour party front-bencher in the House of Lords. His comments have been met by astonishment by Free Tibet, a UK-based group. Free Tibet: "Economic development in Tibet is far from what it seems from the window of a car"
The Mako-type mackerel shark was recovered on Barmouth Beach on Friday. Also known as sharp-nosed mackerel sharks, they are usually found in tropical and temperate seas. An average mako will grow up to 10ft (3m) in length and can swim in excess of 30mph.
Scientists have struggled to explain the so-called pause that began in 1999. Latest theory says that a naturally occurring 30-year cycle in the Atlantic Ocean is behind the slowdown. The researchers say this slow-moving current could continue to divert heat into the deep seas for another decade. However, they caution that
David Seligman is an agent at CM Sports in Manchester and an expert in sports law. Eric Hall is a renowned agent who has worked with the likes of Dennis Wise, Tim Sherwood and Neil Ruddock. "If you talk to your Harry Redknapps, Alex Fergusons and Terry Venables,
Eight houses were evacuated on the Isle of Wight after a landslip in 2014. One family complained to the Local Government Ombudsman. The council agreed to pay £5,000 compensation to the family.
Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring after 34 minutes with a shot that deflected off Eldin Jakupovic. Hull defender Andrew Robertson said referee Mark Clattenburg apologised to the visitors at half-time. In injury-time, Sam Clucas was sent off for handball from Lucas Perez's header. Sanchez
Six of the 22 profiles remained live three weeks after the BBC reported them. Facebook forbids convicted sex offenders from using its site. One page belonged to Bruce Cordwell, who groomed 15-year-old Kayleigh Haywood. Kayleigh was raped and murdered by another man, Stephen Beadman.
Arsenal beat Norwich City 2-0 to finish fourth in the Premier League. Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring with a volley from Olivier Giroud's chip. Carl Jenkinson doubled Arsenal's lead with an opportunistic goal. Norwich were relegated after a 17-goal swing in the final five games.
Derbyshire finished bottom of Division Two in the County Championship. Graeme Welch left as elite performance director in June. Former Derbyshire captain Mark Barnett will take over as president.
Keaton Jennings out for 48 on fourth morning of third Test against South Africa. The 25-year-old averages only 15.3 in six innings for Durham. South Africa captain Faf du Plessis says England should drop Jennings.
Two reports, published in November, criticised the regulator at the time for failing to take action. One of those reports, by barrister Andrew Green QC, said regulators should consider banning 10 former HBOS executives.
Woman visited A&E at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary for treatment to hand injury. The next day she was contacted on Facebook by man who said he had got her name from hospital computer. He is also believed to have asked the woman "how's the hand?" The cleaner has been suspended and police are investigating
Militants allied to the so-called Islamic State came out onto the streets of Marawi last week. Many residents fled the city as clashes erupted, but a local official said about 2,000 people were unable to leave areas held by the militants. 18 military and police personnel had been killed and more than 61
Southern urged passengers to send messages to RMT on strike action. Most people who responded criticised the company rather than the union. RMT said it believed the advert amounted to "targeted harassment"
Officers on patrol in Drylaw area observed a green light coming from Marine Drive. A 16-year-old boy and four females, aged 16, 17, 19 and 22, were arrested.
Remus Hamza, 41, of Riverside, Cardiff, was jailed for 12 years in February 2016. He was also given four years on extended licence for raping the 20-year-old. Hamza took his case to the Court of Appeal in London, arguing this was too severe. But judges said his appeal
Shiv Thakor has taken 22 wickets at an average of 31 this summer. Godleman has scored 100 in his last eight Championship innings.
Arek Jozwik, 39, was attacked in Harlow, Essex, last month. Two Polish men were assaulted in the town days later at a vigil. Essex's police commissioner said there had been an increase in people saying "rude things to people who aren't British" since the vote
Australia is home to 1.2 million British nationals, and 250,000 in New Zealand. Posters supporting both sides have sprouted in areas popular with UK residents. Far more British expats live Down Under than elsewhere in the world.
Mo Farah used to train with Windsor Great Park's athletics club. But the park's ground conditions are not suitable for winter training. The club is used by children aged between eight and 18-years-old.
tickets on sale from 7 December to members of her fan club. The previous record for playing the most dates at Wembley was Michael Jackson.
Jesse Sene-Lefao scored four tries for Castleford. Daryl Powell's side have the best record in the Super League.
The number of plastic carrier bags used has gone up by 200 million since 2013. Many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away after being used. From October people in England will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags.
Third night of protests in New Orleans following death of Keith Lamont Scott. Scott was shot dead by police officer on Tuesday, setting off riots.
Parade led by Mary Ellen Campbell, Belfast's first openly gay deputy mayor. Festival goers and musicians gathered in Queen's Square before parading through the city centre.
Karma Khayat and her TV station al-Jadeed are accused of contempt of court. They deny any wrongdoing, and say they are fighting for freedom of speech. The five men accused of killing Mr Hariri remain in hiding.
Boris Johnson announced on Sunday he would be backing the campaign for Britain to leave the EU. He has arguably the highest profile of any of the governing Conservative Party except David Cameron. But those outside the UK may be wondering: who is he, and is that actually his hair?
Pistorius was jailed for five years in 2014 for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp. He has been fighting a lengthy battle to be released early from jail. The parole review board met on Monday to decide if he should be allowed out on house arrest. A definitive parole ruling is now unlikely
Joshua Davies fell from a bridge near his home in Pontypridd, Wales. He fractured his spine in four places and was put on a spinal board by paramedics. South Wales Police said it had carried out "a thorough investigation" into assault complaints.
The group All Stars has just released a peace song entitled Dafa Dafa. It means revenge in the local Arabic. In June, troops loyal to South Sudan President Salva Kiir clashed with those of his deputy, Riek Machar. The two had fought a civil war which killed tens of thousands
Babenco directed Kiss of the Spider Woman and Ironweed. His most recent film was last year's My Hindu Friend.
The robot arm assesses how far its babies are able to move. With no human intervention, it improves the design so that the next one can move further. The mother robot built ten generations of children.
Singer-songwriter donated items to shops in his home town of Framlingham. Suffolk Family Carers also received about 15 pieces of clothing. The charity plans to sell them via eBay in May.
Homosexual acts are illegal in Tanzania and punishable by up to 30 years in jail. Hamisi Kigwangalla argued that homosexuality did not exist and was a social construct. Tweeters accused him of homophobia and infringing on the right to freedom of expression online.
The elderly man was spotted in the water at Leith at about 22:00 on Wednesday. He was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary by ambulance for treatment, but later died. Police Scotland said inquiries into the circumstances surrounding the incident are ongoing.
Oliver Hawkins turned in from six yards to put the Daggers ahead. Matty Blair's strike and Adi Yussuf's left-footed finish gave the Stags the lead. Krystian Pearce was sent off and conceded a penalty for tripping Jamie Cureton. Matt Green slotted in for
Northampton Town beat Coventry City 3-0 in League One on Saturday. But the game was disrupted by fans several times. Six people were arrested when spectators invaded the pitch. A further three were arrested after flares were let-off.
Stephen Archer, 51, of Openshaw, Manchester, was convicted of murdering his sister Julie, 49. Ms Archer suffered 95% burns in the attack at her home in February 2016. Archer falsely accused her of murdering their father and uncle and doctoring a will to disinherit him, jury heard
Richard Broughton, 37, died on Sunday after he was knocked down by a car. The car did not stop at the scene in Elsecar, South Yorkshire. A 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Washington combined representing non-League St Ives between 2010 and 2012 with a job delivering mail. The 24-year-old then got his break with Newport who paid £5,000 for him. He then moved to Peterborough in 2014 and by mid-January of this year, when QPR took him from London Road, Washington had
A total of 1,400 tickets have sold out for the opening weekend. Stained glass windows and ceilings have been restored. The manor dates back to the reign of William the Conqueror.
Couple beat Vytautas Kirkliauskas of Lithuania, carrying his wife. Competitors must tackle a 380-metre course, hurdling over haystacks.
Ban Ki-moon said he hoped the treaty would help prevent the transfer of weapons to 'warlords, human rights abusers, terrorists and criminal organisations' So far 60 nations have ratified the accord, but not the US - the world's top arms exporter. Washington signed the agreement in 2013, but now it
Great CityGames and Great Manchester Run given go-ahead. Chelsea cancel Premier League victory parade due to take place on Sunday. Players will wear black armbands for FA Cup final with a minute's silence beforehand. Lewis Hamilton says he will be thinking of victims this weekend.
A 19-year-old man on one of the bikes was killed in the collision in Leicester. Police said a man, 29, was arrested and remains in police custody.
Harmer takes career-best 9-95 as Essex beat Middlesex by an innings and 34 runs. Kolpak player has now taken 47 wickets in eight matches this season. Essex are 29 points clear at the top of Division One.
In July, Michael Gove raised the possibility of early release for those who gained skills and qualifications. Led by head teacher Dame Sally Coates, the inquiry will report early in 2016. It will consider the greater use of technology and the "direct engagement" of employers in shaping prisoners' learning.
Brazil is one of the world's top 10 economies, but there is no real threat of military intervention. Many are describing the removal of the country's first female leader as a coup. Dilma Rousseff was dismissed over charges she illegally manipulated government accounts.
Formic acid can efficiently carry the ingredients needed for hydrogen fuel cells. It is a liquid, which means you can transport it easily and refill vehicles quickly. To prove the concept in the real world, an electric bus is set to hit the road in the Netherlands.
Jockey Tom Queally, 30, was found asleep in his car in Cheshire in March. He admitted the charge and received the ban and a £1,350 fine. His lawyer argued he had been forced to plead guilty because the law did not recognise the sleep walking argument.
Swansea council bought the Oceana building in May. It has been earmarked as the potential new home for the civic centre. Demolition is due to take place in October and work will start in 2017.
The spaniel bitch was found on the A20 in Harrietsham, near Ashford. She had some "really nasty wounds" on her feet and legs, the RSPCA said. The dog, which has now been named Flick, has been offered a home.
The man is in his mid-30s and originally from County Tyrone. He was known to Garda­ for involvement with dissident republicanism. A burnt-out car, believed to have been used in the shooting, was found nearby.
The 32-year-old joined Sale in 2011 and became the first Moldova international to play in the Premiership. Cosbila is out of contract in the summer and has decided to move to France's Top 14.
Keatings has played for three promotion-winning Championship sides. He made 30 appearances for Hibs this season, scoring eight goals.
Remortgaging loans approved in July hit the highest level for nearly seven years. Mortgage approvals for house purchases also rose to a 17-month high. Both remain far below the peak of housing market activity.
Ms Shahid, 28, from Bradford, died in July in Pakistan. Her father Chaudhry Muhammad Shahid is being held as an accessory to murder. The men's lawyers, however, say they will apply to have the case dismissed.
Baidu's Xiaoyu Zaijia responds to voice commands using a combination of pictures, text and speech. It can answer questions, find local services, play music, make video calls and control smart home devices. Little Fish will launch initially in China in March 2017.
Thames Valley Police caught 12 drivers using their phones on the A34 and M40. One driver was filmed for 30 seconds driving with no hands on the steering wheel. Comes after Tomasz Kroker was sentenced to four years for killing a family-of-four.
Yorkshireman reaches career-high ranking of 43 on Monday. Edmund goes on to face Spain's second seed David Ferrer in Antwerp.
He is accused along with his son, Bello Abba Mohammed, of diverting $1.5m. The money was meant to buy arms for soldiers fighting Boko Haram militants. President Muhammadu Buhari set up an investigation into procurement. Last month, former national security adviser Sambu Dasuki was arrested.
They were named as Robert Roche, 36, from Hove, Sussex. They set off from their home at 09:00 BST to go to a day nursery. Police are not treating the disappearance as suspicious at this stage.
Almog Cohen and Dario Lezcano put Ingolstadt 2-0 up before half-time. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reduced the deficit shortly before the hour mark. Adrian Ramos netted for Dortmund with 20 minutes left. Christian Pulisic headed home in added time to complete the comeback.
Polling stations opened at 07:00 BST in the area's 11 constituencies. Votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00 BST.
Scotland will play India, the Netherlands, Pakistan and Canada in Pool B. The Hockey World League semi-final in London features 10 teams. Scotland began the tournament last September ranked 28th in the world.
Police are searching for ecstasy pills with the superman logo. ParaMethoxyMethylAmphetamine (PMMA) is a highly toxic class-A drug. It acts more slowly than MDMA (the main component of ecstasy) so people think it isn't working. Dr Adam Win
Judges said their work laid "an intellectual foundation" for policies. The pair will receive 8 million Swedish krona (£744,652) from the committee.
Three deaths across Italy have been attributed to freezing weather. Worst affected is the Abruzzo region, still recovering from a 2009 quake. More than 300,000 people are without power in Abruzzo.
The research will be carried out with four leading academic and industrial gene-research centres across the world. The human genome project determined that humans had about 24,000 genes. These are found along the DNA double helix in every cell in the body.
The Sturtridge Pavilion will be replaced by the Barwell Stand. The all-seater stand will include a new hospitality suite and members' bar. It will be built in time for next season.
Ten-year-old Tom and his sister Mali have been helping their family during lambing season. Around 4,000 lambs will be born on Tom and Mali's farm this year.
It happened at about 00:30 on Sunday. Both men were taken to hospital for treatment. Police are now asking anyone who saw what happened to get in touch.
They were part of the cargo on the SS Politician, which sank off Eriskay in 1941. The whisky is not thought to be fit for human consumption.
Sandcastle depicting a sprawled murder victim won a police sandcastle competition. Devon and Cornwall Police boasted about their victory on Twitter. The force said it was a "fun event" and officers had not intended to cause offence. Labour councillor Hannah Toms said the image was "very offensive"
Estonia's health and labour minister said PM had gambled on European project. Parliament speaker Eiki Nestor also questioned PM's statesmanship. Some commentators, especially in Latvia, see Russia as the Brexit winner.
British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC) has "decided to shelve discussions about a sale" of Silverstone Circuit. Potential investors including the Jaguar Land Rover group and MotorSport Vision had previously shown interest in the Northamptonshire venue.
Ken Plowman and Leslie Kershaw took part in largest air assault in history. Flying Horsa gliders, they joined an armada of 3,000 aircraft landing 14,000 troops on the River Rhine's east bank. Jet Age Museum has been awarded £9,000 to build a replica Horsa cockpit.
The move came after talks on the A$3.9bn offer between Rio and Riversdale major shareholder, Brazil's CSN. If it fails to reach the new threshold, Rio will pay Riversdale shareholders only A$16 a share.
At least four people were killed in clashes between police and protesters. President Denis Sassou Nguesso has been in power since 1997. The vote is aimed at pushing through changes to the constitution.
The 27-year-old utility back moved from Irish province to Welford Road in 2011. He scored 18 tries in 75 appearances for the Tigers. Morris missed all of last season because of a serious foot injury.
Carol Boardman was cycling in Connah's Quay, Flintshire, on Saturday. She sustained serious injuries after a collision with a pick-up truck. The 47-year-old later died in hospital.
Bradley Lowery was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013. It went into remission but returned in an aggressive form in June. His only hope lay in antibody treatment in New York. The family had hit the target, but his mother has now posted on Facebook.
Samsung has bought Harman, a U.S. firm that makes audio equipment for cars. The South Korean tech giant said automotive electronics were "a strategic priority" The Internet of Things market is expected to grow to $100bn by 2025.
Bournemouth face Preston North End in the third round of the FA Cup. The north-London club will also face Liverpool and Everton.
The 25-year-old former AFC Fylde player has scored 29 goals and assisted 19 this season. Lloyd has been working for a waste disposal company alongside football.
Demolition of the existing buildings is still subject to a bat mitigation licence being granted by Natural England. The £250m redevelopment project would include housing and leisure facilities.
Adam Purinton, 51, has been charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder. Police say he shot and killed Srinivas Kuchibhotla at a pub on Wednesday. The FBI is investigating whether the shooting constitutes a hate crime. Hillary Clinton has called on President Donald Trump to speak out against intolerance
Mourners gathered at Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Church in his hometown. Entertainer's fourth wife Sarah and her children attended the ceremony. Coronation Street star Ken Morley and comedian Jimmy Cricket also attended.
Trinder, Marshall and Twelvetrees scored tries for Gloucester. The Cherry and Whites are now one point off sixth-placed Harlequins. Northampton Saints play Saracens on Sunday.
Nursery complained that the reviews were making serious and unfounded claims that it was neglecting children. Google deleted the reviews but the nursery's lawyer said it has not yet handed over the information.
A total of 39 non-league clubs joined the 48 from Leagues One and Two in the first-round draw. Southern League Chesham face a trip to League One club Peterborough United. Westfields will face Curzon Ashton, who upset York City 2-1 in Monday's replay. Spennymoor Town
LGBT groups and several human-rights groups oppose the order. The order also directs federal agencies to exempt some religious groups from providing birth control to employees.
Sharon Forbes filmed the man at a National Action rally in Bath. Video has been viewed thousands of times since Ms Forbes shared it. Mr Davies said he did not condone intimidation but had a right to say his views.
Ken Dickie, 64, died in hospital six days after the incident at the Rockley Park site in Poole. Jamie Mitchell, 35, admitted intervening in an argument between Mr Dickie and his mother. He shouted "yes" and was visibly shaking after the verdict was announced.
Diego Valeri put Portland ahead after just 27 seconds. Rodney Wallace then headed in to make it 2-0 in the seventh minute. Kei Kamara pulled one back before half-time. Portland won their first major trophy since joining MLS in 2011.
Margaret Aspinall and Trevor Hicks have been awarded an OBE. The pair campaigned for more than 20 years to secure new inquests. 96 people died at the FA Cup semi-final in April 1989. Mrs Aspinal said she would accept it on behalf of the families. Mr Hicks said
South Korea sports minister Do Jong-hwan said North Korea could host some skiing events. He also said the countries may enter a combined ice hockey team. The Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, will take place from 9-25 February.
Journalist and colleague face charges of revealing state secrets. Mr Dundar escaped unharmed but a reporter was injured.
Ministry of Justice announced it was one of 10 law courts to close in Wales. Carmarthenshire council bought the Grade II listed building for £225,000. It was also the setting for Gwynfor Evans' landmark victory as first Plaid Cymru MP.
Burmese democracy campaigner urges people to "continue to use your liberty to promote ours" She was released from house arrest in November last year. Burmese military authorities released the Nobel Peace Prize winner.
Prince William is leaving his post as a Royal Air Force pilot. He is the only senior royal to have a deep understanding of the NHS. With his family moving from Norfolk to London, Prince George will go to a private school.
Only eight Republicans voted in favour of the treaty. Britain, France, Germany, China and Russia all ratified.
Suzanne Evans said the panel that gave the ruling was "committed to staying in" EU. But she added it was important to maintain "judicial independence" The High Court decided last Thursday that Parliament should get a vote on when to trigger Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. The government is appealing against the ruling,
Event is meant to foster a culture of reading in the country. The US currently holds the Guinness World Record set by 233,000 people. It will take at least a week to work out whether they have been successful.
Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race since August 2014. The Spaniard almost quit the sport this year because of an arm injury. Rossi now leads Lorenzo by 18 points in the standings with a maximum of 75 available.
Harry Potter author previously tweeted that her "personal line [had] been crossed" Rowling faced a flood of criticism on Twitter last year after it emerged she had donated £1m to the campaign for a No vote in the Scottish independence referendum. The author revealed she had been called "a traitor" for
Tehran prosecutor's office says main cause of death could be physical shock. Some reports have suggested Sattar Beheshti was tortured to death. His death sparked an international outcry.
Stow Maries Aerodrome is one of the few remaining of its kind in the country. It was created in 1914 by the forerunner to the Royal Air Force. The aerodrome was one of several in the south east of England used to defend London.
Ramunas Macnoris is charged over separate gun attacks in Newry. Two men, both aged 32, were shot in the legs. The 26-year-old, of Lambfield House, Dungannon, was also charged with having a firearm.
Report said closure of 17 courts had been successfully implemented. There has been a significant increase in case levels, particularly domestic abuse and sexual violence. The 16-week waiting period between the first calling availability of a criminal trial was being achieved.
Harris, whose name was chosen by the public in an online vote last week, has been joined this week by Lewis. Police Scotland described Lewis as "lovely and quiet" and also its smallest horse.
A Ford Transit flatbed van reversed into the Co-op store in Thornton. A 25-year-old man is expected to appear at Kirkcaldy Sheriff Court on Monday.
Katy Perry leads the competition with seven nominations. She's followed by Ariana Grande with six, along with Minaj, Taylor Swift and Beyonce. Enrique Iglesias, Kiesza and Royal Blood will perform at the 21st awards.
Shells hit a playground at a Donetsk school, killing a teacher and parent. A minibus was also hit, killing six more people. Both sides in eastern Ukraine blamed the other for the attacks.
Ibrahim Halawa was arrested during a siege on the Al-Fath mosque in Cairo in 2013. The mass trial of Mr Halawa and 493 others began in March. It has been postponed five times since his arrest. He could face the death penalty if he is convicted.
boiler owners have been given until next Tuesday to agree to the publication of their names. The RHI scheme was flawed from the start offering overgenerous subsidies. Sinn Féin has demanded that Mrs Foster stand aside pending an investigation.
Two-thirds of UU's staff from the Republic of Ireland work at Magee campus. The stark prediction is included in a briefing document prepared by the university. UU are calling for the government to provide reassurances about the immigration status of EU students.
Abel Hernandez has signed for Hull for a club-record fee. The 24-year-old striker scored 14 goals in Palermo's promotion to Serie A. Steve Bruce has also signed Hatem Ben Arfa from Newcastle.
People voted for the Queen as their favourite historic London hero. Houses of Parliament also voted as building that sums up London. Results of the poll were released to mark the launch of Historic England's "Keep it London" campaign.
The new wombat was born at the Richard Underwood Nature Refuge in St George. The baby, known as a 'joey', brings the total number of animals to 251.
England defeated New Zealand 20-14 to win the series 2-1. Steve McNamara's contract as England coach expired at the end of the match. The former Bradford Bulls boss is out of contract with Sydney Roosters. McNamara has agreed a new two-year deal with the Australian club.
Adrian Bayley was sentenced to life imprisonment in 2013 for killing Jill Meagher. On Thursday, it was announced he had been found guilty of three more rapes, of a Dutch tourist and two sex workers. The three trials were the subject of a suppression order to ensure fairness.
The service will be held at Althorp House in Northamptonshire. Princess Diana died on 31 August 1997 in a car crash in Paris. Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall will be in Canada.
Lord Myners: Ceding control of ARM is an example of the City mindset. Treasury advisor Eileen Burbidge said the sale was a "great deal" On Tuesday, 95% of ARM shareholders voted to back the acquisition.
The 23-year-old is the first unsigned artist to win Sound of 2017 list. Four of the top five acts are black British women. Ray said she wanted her music to "empower women to live life as they want"
Marineland accused of failing to provide adequate food and water for bears. Also charged with failing to comply with standards of care for a peacock and guinea hens. The company, in Niagara Falls, denies the allegations.
Holders Glasgow City joined Hibs in the fourth round. Celtic also safely made their progression into the last 16. Elsewhere in the third round there were wins for Glasgow Girls, Stirling University, Hearts and Jeanfield Swifts.
Dywedodd Heddlu De Cymru eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o "becyn amheus"
About 150 people were abroad when Anatolian Sky stopped trading. A further 460 bookings affected 1,020 people. Customers who are yet to travel can either go ahead with their holidays.
Francesco Schettino was sentenced to 16 years in prison last year. He was found guilty of manslaughter, causing a maritime accident and abandoning ship. At the trial in Florence, he is seeking to overturn the conviction. The prosecution is seeking a longer prison term.
First minister appeared on BBC Scotland's Ask the Leader on Friday. She defended her mandate for a second independence referendum. But she said it would only happen after the outcome of the EU negotiations. Ms Sturgeon also confirmed plans to fast track new teachers into classrooms.
Two tonnes of Captagon pills found in cases due to be loaded onto a private jet. It was the largest drug smuggling operation yet uncovered at Beirut airport. Sources told AFP that the five Saudi citizens detained included a prince. Captagon, originally the trade name for the synthetic stimulant fenetylline,
US prosecutors had been expressing their wish to put him on trial in a US court. Guzman, who was named Public Enemy Number One by the Chicago Crime Commission in 2013, has been indicted by at least seven federal district courts. Since his 2014 arrest in his home state of Sinaloa, Mexico, there has been little
Archaeologists found 12,000-year-old stone tools on Islay in Inner Hebrides. scrapers used for cleaning skins and sharp points for hunting big game such as reindeer. Archaeologists from the University of Reading found animal bones, plant remains and a fireplace at the Mesolithic site.
Manchester City and Chelsea charged by FA for post-match scuffle. Incident occurred in the 95th minute of City's 3-1 win over Chelsea. Sergio Aguero and Fernandinho were sent off, but Cesc Fabregas escaped further action.
The discovery gives more of an idea of how the group of dinosaurs, known as the Ornithians, evolved.
The 27-year-old pleaded not guilty at Durham Crown Court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming. The winger, who has played 12 times for England, was arrested in March. Johnson was released on conditional bail ahead of his trial on 24 August.
RMT said firm refused to provide a guarantee "despite what they have been telling the press" FirstGroup and MTR will provide 90 new trains by December 2020 with doors that can be operated by the driver.
Two fossil discoveries in Australia shed new light on this theory. Both specimens are sauropods - a group of large, herbivorous dinosaurs. One was found near the town of Winton in Central West Queensland.
Police said the incident happened at 10:30 BST near the village of Tockwith. North Yorkshire Police said it was believed the aeroplane had suffered engine failure. Sgt Andy Graham praised the "great piloting skills resulting in no injuries"
Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JP Morgan - which employs 16,000 people in Britain - has already said he will move hundreds of people out of the UK. He said there had been too much focus on what would happen on day one after the vote. Under new President Emmanuel Macron it seems France means business with
Demonstrators in the Hindu-majority city were angered by a Muslim man. They also accused police of hitting a temple priest in the subsequent unrest. The man who was accused of throwing stones at the temple has been arrested. His family say he is mentally ill. Mobile internet services were suspended.
Four constituents raised the action under the Representation of the People Act 1983. They argued he misled the electorate over a memo claiming SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon would rather have seen David Cameron become PM. Judges have ruled that there will now be a "By Order hearing" to discuss the next part of the case.
Braille teacher Barry Wheatley said the Braille is too big and lacks spaces between words. Hull City Council said it was only intended to be "creative" tactile paving.
Lewis Hamilton trails Sebastian Vettel by 12 points heading into this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Hamilton won the last race in Canada but had poor performances in two of the previous three races. The Mercedes driver was the fastest by far throughout practice but drove badly in qualifying before crashing and could only finish fifth in the
Grand Theft Auto V was due to go on sale on 27 January. Rockstar said it needs 'a few extra weeks of testing and polish' Online heists will be coming to consoles before PC release date.
Rothwell made seven appearances on loan at Barnsley last season. Maguire signed a one-year deal after playing 25 games for Rotherham.
Fourteen organisations have signed an agreement to stop gay conversion therapy being offered to patients. It essentially means GPs will not be able to refer patients for gay therapy. There are no official figures for how many people attempt conversion therapy every year.
Brian Krebs says a Russian forum administrator planned to deliver heroin to his home. He alerted the FBI and local police, and the heroin was delivered. Mr Krebs was also the target of a hoax 911 call in March.
Barts Health NHS Trust is responsible for the care of 2.5 million people. It was placed into special measures when bullying and low morale was discovered. CQC has now raised concerns at the Royal London Hospital and Newham University Hospital.
UK food and drink exports grew by 8.3% year-on-year in first quarter. Exports to non-EU countries grew 40% faster than those to the EU.
Grainger says her karate instructor was an inspiration to her success. The 40-year-old went from white belt to black belt at Bearsden Academy. She won Olympic gold in London 2012 before taking a two-year break.
Thirty-six whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea at Tuticorin on Tuesday. But 28 of them floated back to the shore and died on Wednesday. Earlier, 45 whales died after 81 of the animals were stranded on Monday.
Mohammed Ali Abboud is on trial for murdering Agnieszka Szefler. The 57-year-old denies all the charges against him at the High Court in Edinburgh. Jury shown video footage of Mr Abboud telling detectives she 'fell' with a knife.
Emmanuel-Thomas spent last season on loan at MK Dons. The 25-year-old scored five goals in 15 appearances for QPR.
It emerged that the wife of former Ulster Unionist MLA Neil Somerville has a wood pellet boiler under the scheme in a family business. The boiler is used to power a horse solarium.
England's Tyrrell Hatton finished second at the Scottish Open. It was the 25-year-old's fifth appearance at a major in six years. He will also play in the US PGA Championship at Baltusrol in July.
England beat Pakistan by an innings and 73 runs at Old Trafford. The hosts won with a day to spare to level the series at 1-1. Michael Vaughan said it was as good a four days of cricket as he's ever seen.
Hamill will make his 150th appearance for Kilmarnock when he makes his second debut. The versatile 27-year-old has signed a three-year contract.
The American made her comeback last week finishing 13th in Altenmarkt, Austria. On Saturday, Vonn won her 77th World Cup race, beating Switzerland's Lara Gut by 0.15 seconds. She is now nine behind Swede Ingemar Stenmark's all-time record of 86 wins
proposed deal aims to ease Europe's migration crisis. It would grant Turks visa-free travel in return for Turkey taking back migrants. But Mr Gove said Turkey had seen an "erosion of fundamental democratic freedoms"
Our article on Birmingham's homeless got many people asking what they could do to help rough sleepers. You also asked why coconuts could be seen floating down canals. Here are some tips on how to take the stress out of Christmas shopping.
VW said it would inform customers "in the next few weeks and months" about how refits would take place. Seat said it planned to contact owners so their cars can undergo tests. Spanish carmaker said it had temporarily suspended the sale and delivery of all new vehicles with the EA 189 engines.
Some of Nigeria's governors control huge budgets and are among the country's most influential politicians. The vote comes two weeks after Muhammadu Buhari defeated incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan. Polling stations opened at 08:00 local time (07:00 GMT) Tensions are reported to be especially high in Rivers state.
Neil Lennon was sent to the stand during last month's Europa League qualifying match against Brondby. The former Celtic boss was incensed after Jason Cummings had a goal disallowed. Hibs lost the first leg 1-0 but equalised the tie away from home.
Two years ago, a major hospital in Belfast, Royal Victoria, was said to be "at breaking point" There is evidence of a change of mood with the opening of an emergency department in August. Doctors have developed new ways of working to speed the flow of patients through the system.
Ton have reached play-offs and League Cup semis under Brendan Rodgers. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths praises his manager's "exceptional" man-management skills.
Canon Enid Morgan was one of the first 61 women to be ordained in 1984. She was among the "lucky ones" who has received much support over the years. Canon Morgan: "Some bishops were very suspicious of us, some thought we might plot"
About 400 people in Northern Ireland live with permanent disabilities after surviving gun and bomb attacks. Some victims now rely entirely on benefits. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is preparing a bill to put a special pension in place for them.
Frazier Glenn Miller Jr, 74, targeted sites in Kansas last year. He will be put to death by lethal injection. Miller responded to the sentence, by shouting "heil Hitler"
Dijks helped Wigan win the League One title last season. The Dutchman has agreed a two-and-a-half-year contract at Carrow Road.
Duke's final shift brought to an end a three-year posting on Anglesey. He has said the island has been a "special place" for him and his wife.
Stephen Dobbie scored his fifth goal in three Challenge Cup outings. It ended a run of eight games without a victory for the Dumfries side. Dundee United had earlier beaten Dunfermline Athletic 1-0. League One leaders Livingston host Welsh champions The New Saints.
Morgan Owen, from Buckley, Flintshire, died after being restrained. He had also been stunned with a Taser by police two days earlier. An inquest jury concluded the death was accidental through taking cocaine. The Independent Police Complaints Commission backed North Wales Police's actions.
Daron Dylon Wint, 34, was detained late Thursday in the US capital. He is accused of killing the four victims and setting the house on fire. Police refused to confirm reports Mr Wint was identified by DNA from a pizza delivered to the home.
Beauty and the Beast was due for release in Malaysia on Thursday. Disney said it was being held for a "review" of its content. Malaysian Censorship Board said on Tuesday it had approved the screening. Homosexual activity is illegal in Muslim majority Malaysia.
South Wales Police said it was called to Llantwit Major beach shortly after 20:30 BST. A force helicopter was used during the search with help from the coastguard. Police said the death is not being treated as suspicious.
The Guardian published more than 2,000 leaked reports from the immigration centre on Nauru. These revealed widespread abuse and trauma among asylum seekers. Mr Dutton said many of the reports described corporal punishment of children by their parents.
Prosecutors have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the nursery's director and some of its management and teachers. Relatives of the victims have long demanded justice saying the nursery did not comply with safety regulations. A lawyer for the relatives said the warrants targeted the wrong people.
The 79-year-old was held on Monday on suspicion of murdering Elsie Frost in October 1965. Elsie was stabbed to death in a tunnel beneath a railway line in Wakefield. Peter Pickering was first questioned in connection with the murder in 2016.
A German tech start-up hopes to overcome one of the most vexing obstacles to a pleasant stay. Triprebel's algorithm constantly checks the rates for each hotel room, from the moment it is booked, until a couple of days before a guest checks in. That 'full advantage' means a refund
Iker Casillas has been left out of Spain's squad for games against Belgium and Liechtenstein. Chelsea's Diego Costa and Manchester United's Juan Mata are recalled. Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea, West Ham counterpart Adrian, Chelsea defender Cesar Azpilicueta and Manchester City pair David Silva and
Mukherjee's The Lives of Others is 5/2 favourite to win. It is the first year that the prize is open to all authors writing in English. The winner will be announced at London's Guildhall on Tuesday night.
The festival started in 1945. This year the town will launch its first ever tomato-based obstacle course.
Actor Julian Lewis Jones caught a mako shark off the Welsh coast. It is thought to be the first time the species has been caught in Wales. Makos can swim in excess of 30mph and can weigh up to 300lbs.
Three-year-old Lope visited Twycross Zoo in Leicestershire. Helen Fairhead captured the gorilla's "dance" on camera. More than one million people have watched the video on Facebook.
In sport security often becomes the story. The 'to go or not to go' dilemma is shared by competitors, journalists and spectators. In my experience there are two differing approaches to security at events considered to be a risk.
The Royal College of Nursing said patient care was being put at risk. They said a "boom and bust" approach to staffing had led to cuts. The Scottish government said the number of nurses had risen 5.2%.
We Were There was written in 1982 by Leicester singer Bob Wragg. Mr Wragg said the song was about to be released when the Falklands conflict broke out.
Program scours the internet for devices that don't have basic security controls switched on. Made the devices print a warning urging their owners to cut off remote access. Attack came after German researchers found vulnerabilities in a wide range of printers.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a New Year's Day stabbing. The incident took place on Bridge Street in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Danny Rowe put the Silkmen ahead after the break with a deflected strike. Mitch Hancox slotted in to make it 2-0 shortly after. Danny Whittaker's shot put the result beyond doubt. Wrexham's Jordan White put a late penalty over the bar.
Deputy PM says broadcasters should grow a "backbone" to push ahead with debates. Mr Cameron has said all "national parties" must be represented. Lib Dem leader says it is not for politicians to tell broadcasters what to do.
The Jungle is situated in Calais, on the north coast of France. Thousands of people travelled across Europe to try to reach the UK. This meant they had to set up temporary homes at the French port. The final demolition of the shelters has now been completed. Around 1,500 children who lived in the
Retired field marshal overthrew President Mohammed Morsi last July. He has since been pursuing a crackdown on Mr Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood. Mr Sisi was earlier sworn in for a four-year term at a ceremony.
Tom Bradshaw opened the scoring for Barnsley. Sam Winnall doubled the lead. Jacques Maghoma pulled one back before the interval. Marc Roberts was sent off for fouling Che Adams. Lukas Jutkiewicz equalised from the spot.
The scheme, developed by the OU, has been designed to observe students' paths through courses and engagement with online learning modules. It assesses the likelihood of a student submitting their next assignment by using information gathered from four different algorithms. The more algorithms that indicate the student will not send in their work - the higher
Nikita Parris hit the post for City. Daphne Corboz tap-in after Steph Houghton free-kick was saved. Jane Ross headed home Parris' pinpoint cross in stoppage time.
Detentions by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency jumped to 41,318 between January 22 and the end of April. That was up from 30,028 arrests in about the same period last year. Almost two-thirds of those arrested this year had criminal convictions. But more than half the increase in arrests was
Gayle was responding to a question from Ten Sport's Melanie McLaughlin about his aggressive batting style. He said: "To see your eyes for the first time is nice. Hopefully we can have a drink afterwards. Don't blush" A BBL statement said the comments were "disrespectful and inappropriate"
Customs officials became suspicious after finding the man's suitcase contained six pairs of trainers. Italian police said the drugs haul had a street value of more than £2m. The arrest followed a random check on passengers arriving from Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Troops and Afghan counterparts have been accused of murder and intimidation. Afghan security forces will take over on a district-by-district basis. Relations between the president and Nato have been tense.
The referendum showed 'notions of togetherness' were 'weaker than we imagined', she says. Urging colleges to do more to reach out to people across Wales. The Conservatives said she had offered some 'nuggets of wisdom' but was 'exaggerating sense of crisis'
India's milk is collected from small farms across the country. By the time it reaches consumers it's impure and old. Some of it is even mixed with chemicals like urea to increase the quantity and fat content.
Boomtown Rats were to headline the event in Dumfries on 4 June. Rick Astley, ABC, The Stars from The Commitments and The Rezillos were also on bill. advanced ticket sales of just 700 compared with 5,000 sold in 2015.
Oracle surged to victory by 44 seconds to retain the Cup they won in 2010. The Kiwis won four of the first five races, making Oracle modify their boat and call Ainslie from the warm-up crew.
Manchester City have won their last nine games in all competitions. Sergio Aguero missed City's 2-1 win against Swansea on Wednesday. Angel Rangel says City are the team to beat in the Premier League.
Massaro will take on Perry in the first all-English women's final since 1991. Perry then upset Malaysia's five-time champion Nicol David. Matthew beat Egypt's top seed Mohamed Elshorbagy 11-8 11-8 8-11 11-5.
Ilex was set up in 2003 to regenerate two former Army bases. It was criticised in an independent review in July 2015 over failings. 18 Ilex workers were made redundant in March this year. Nine of those workers are now taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive. They claim their jobs should
NHS Highland asked people to avoid the site last week, after 50 people fell ill with the sickness bug. Consultant microbiologist Dr Chin Lim said three wards remained closed to new admissions and visitors.
The images were taken by photographer Nick Hedges in the 1960s and 1970s. They were taken for housing charity Shelter in some of the country's biggest cities. Mr Hedges said the poverty and terrible conditions he witnessed "shocked me to the core"
Nadine Foster, 18, was a passenger in a Ford Focus when it hit a wall. She was taken to hospital but died a few days later, police said. Dylan Stringer, 22, and Joseph Chance, 24, both from Stourbridge, are accused of causing death by dangerous driving.
Condor Liberation sails between Poole in Dorset and the Channel Islands. It struck the quayside at St Peter Port, Guernsey, on 28 March. Vessel has been out of service for repairs since the crash.
Dylan Marcus Edwards, 50, admitted causing suffering to Cali the cat. Cat defecated in the Royal Oak Hotel kitchen in Betws-y-Coed in December. Edwards was sentenced to 18 weeks in prison, suspended for two years.
Migrant activity is reported to have increased, with people attempting to board Kent-bound lorries. P&O Ferries said MyFerryLink workers feared for their jobs after their ships were sold by Eurotunnel to DFDS at short notice. Operation Stack has been brought in to close part of the M20 so
Whistleblower says Team Sky continued to inject riders. One of the substances said to have been injected is Fluimucil. Team Sky had been renowned for their robust no-needle stance.
Tracy Brewster's ginger cat went missing from her home in July. The 13-year-old cat was found nearly four months later in Surrey. Jonathan Brewster was found not guilty of theft at Sevenoaks Magistrates' Court.
Footballer dropped his H sounds at the start of words far less often than before the move to the US. In a separate video study of wife Victoria, the ex-Spice Girl was found to be "definitely getting posher"
Stade Francais won the French Top 14 title in 2014-15. Racing took over as champions the following year. The proposed merger has yet to be approved by the French league authorities.
Unicode, the authority on computer text and characters, has approved adding the three flags to the next release of emojis. Technology companies such as Apple, Google, Microsoft and Facebook will be able to introduce the flags to their software from July. A UK flag is already available on smartphones and other devices.
The FTSE 100 index was up 0.27%, or 18 points, closing at 6837.92. RBS confirmed it would not be moving its registered head office now that independence had been rejected.
Equalities and Human Rights Committee heard "gut-wrenching" evidence. Committee convener Christina McKelvie said there was already "inspiring" work being done. The committee has made 29 recommendations, among them measures it wants the Scottish government to adopt. These include a preventative approach to bullying, improved research
Officers from Police Scotland alerted Benbecula Community Council to the scam. Sent from Italy, the email involves a fake story about an African man. The use of Gaelic in the email is poor, according to speakers on the isles.
Midfielder was released by Carlisle United at the end of the 2015-16 campaign. Rochdale began their season with a 3-2 home defeat by Peterborough on Saturday.
The crash happened at Evanton at about 17:20 on Saturday. The fire service and the air ambulance were sent to the scene.
Coventry City's owners have been involved in a long-running stand off with previous operators. The arena is now owned by Premiership rugby team Wasps. Rugby Borough Council said it would need to be finalised by September.
Timm van der Gugten was Glamorgan's leading wicket-taker in 2016. Michael Hogan, Graham Wagg and Craig Meschede also took wickets. Glamorgan coach Mike Morris wants to strengthen fast bowling department.
The 29-year-old was overlooked for their triumphant Six Nations campaign. The surgery ruled him out of contention for the tour to Australia in June. Youngs will mark his recovery by taking over as Leicester club captain.
Kurtley Beale scores last-gasp try to secure victory for Australia. Wales will drop out of the top eight in the world rankings ahead of Monday's 2015 World Cup draw and will be in the third band of seedings. Leigh Halfpenny, after a man-of-the-match display,
The target, set by David Cameron in 2010, has never been met. Recent figures put net migration at 273,000. The PM indicated in April that she would stick with the aim.
Jayden Stockley headed wide from Jonny Hayes' cross early in the second half. Kenny Miller latched on to Joe Garner's speculative cross and finished first time. Lee Hodson lashed a shot into the roof of the net for Rangers' second. Andrew Considine scored a late consolation for the Dons
Scotland is set for more devolved powers following the no vote. The Tory leader said the debate must now widen to the rest of the UK. He said England, Wales and Northern Ireland must have a bigger say over theirs.
It works by looking for a combination of "markers" in the blood which are different in healthy people and those with the disease. Nottingham University is now developing a quick and easy test to do in clinics.
The world's largest cruise ship is due to set sail at the end of May. It boasts 23 swimming pools, 10,000 plants and a 10-storey high water slide.
Striker Robson-Kanu has spent seven seasons with the club. Ferdinand, 31, has suffered with injuries in two seasons at Reading. Academy graduate Cox, 29, has struggled for goals in last two campaigns.
Peta has suggested a fish with the slogan Skegness - A Happy Plaice. The original Jolly Fisherman poster was commissioned in 1908 for 12 guineas. Mayor said he did not think there would be much support for Jolly to be axed.
Depardieu: "I love your country, Russia - its people, its history, its writers. I love your culture, your intelligence" In December, Putin said he would be happy to welcome the actor in his new country.
Dutch number three seed Noppert, 26, will play England's number 10 seed Fitton in the last four. Number one seed Glen Durrant takes on fellow Englishman Jamie Hughes, seeded fourth, in the other semi-final.
Ryan Giggs was favourite following Bob Bradley's exit on Tuesday. Wales boss Chris Coleman was also a target but is out of the running. Alan Curtis, who is taking temporary charge of the team, believes the club's next manager should be British.
McCann left the club three days ago having guided them to Premiership safety. The 42-year-old had indicated he was going back to his previous role as a television pundit. McCann took over from the sacked Paul Hartley on 18 April.
Moseley Road Baths in Birmingham and Wentworth Woodhouse near Rotherham, Yorkshire, are listed on the 2016 World Monuments Watch. The list hails the pools as a 'rare survival' and the mansion an 'architectural masterpiece' Maintenance bills threaten both.
Britain had occupied the island in 1878, although it remained nominally under Ottoman sovereignty. 1959 - Cyprus gains independence after Greek and Turkish communities reach agreement on a constitution. 1974 - Turkish forces occupy third of the island, enforce partition between north and south. 2002 - EU summit in Copenhagen invites Cyprus to join in
Douglas Ross earns up to £40,000 a year as a self-employed assistant referee. He is also a councillor with Moray Council and his trip to Portugal meant he missed its policy meeting.
Amorphophallus Titanum has a strong smell of rotting flesh. The plant has produced seven leaves in the 12 years that it has been at the garden.
Nottinghamshire boy recently returned to the classroom as a girl. Gender Identity Development Service said 969 under-18s referred in UK in 2015-16. This compares to just 94 in 2009-2010, GIDS said.
Bolivian president and vice-president are limited to two consecutive five-year terms. Evo Morales wanted to be able to run for another term. Constitutional ban on serving more than two consecutive terms remains in place.
Richard Hughes spent the majority of last season on loan at Wolves. The 29-year-old made 19 appearances in all competitions for the club.
Seven riders in the peloton crossed with the safety barrier down, but were not sanctioned for breaking race rules. Sir Bradley Wiggins finished 18th in his final race for Team Sky.
Fans jumped up and down during a touchdown in the game between the Seattle Seahawks and the New Orleans Saints. Pacific Northwest Seismic Network detected the vibrations. The Seahawks won the game 34-7.
A number of the sponsors - Coca-Cola, Kia, Adidas and Visa - have made known their concerns about what is happening at Fifa. One publicity-savvy bookmaker has offered odds on which sponsor will be the first to pull out of its association with football's Swiss-based powerbrokers. Russian
England head coach Eddie Jones says Wales scrummaging is "terribly illegally" Wales forwards coach Robin McBryde highlighted England's Joe Marler is a frequent infringer at the scrum. Jones says he is "quite upset" by Wales' approach to the set-piece.
Glen Evans was left with a broken nose and his bride Georgina was punched. Lee Doyle, 37, of Houghton Regis and Gary Hutson, 46, deny affray. Court heard argument broke out when Mr Doyle and Mr Hutson asked Mr and Mrs Evans to move away from a fireplace.
Honda rider finished more than 2.3 seconds ahead of Ducati's Andrea Dovizioso. Nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi was third on a Yamaha. Danny Kent and Sam Lowes became the first two GB riders to win on the same day since 1977.
Nato says the overnight operation took place in Nowzad district in Helmand. Two insurgents were killed and many were detained in the raid. It came amid the Taliban's annual spring offensive, which has seen heavy fighting.
Ethnically it is highly diverse, with more than 300 local languages. The people range from rural hunter-gatherers to a modern urban elite. Post-Suharto Indonesia has made the transition to democracy.
Sainsbury's like-for-like sales fell 1.1% in the 16 weeks to 24 September. The UK's second-largest supermarket said it was continuing to make progress. Chief executive Mike Coupe said he was confident its strategy would enable it to "outperform our major peers"
Researchers funded by the charity found that by looking at a specific group of genes they were able to reliably detect underlying problems. It follows the death of Sir David Frost's son Miles, who died suddenly from a condition thought to have been inherited from his father. His family aims to raise £1.5
Leg-spinner Mason Crane took 3-21 as Hampshire restricted Glamorgan to 118-6. Captain James Vince (60 not out) saw Hampshire home with six overs to spare. Meanwhile, Middlesex prevailed in a tight finish against Sussex at Lord's.
Two people rescued from burning boat Tranquility on Thursday night. Roman Repec, 35, appeared at Peterhead Sheriff Court charged with wilful fireraising. He made no plea and was remanded in custody.
Group says photos prove Balachandran Prabhakaran was summarily executed. They were taken on the final day of Sri Lankan forces' 26-year war against the Tigers. Velupillai Prabhakaran died at around the same time in a stretch of land.
Thomas Muller and Mario Gotze put Bayern 2-0 up inside 12 minutes. David Silva pulled a goal back from close range after Jesus Navas's cross. Aleksandar Kolarov equalised with a penalty after James Milner was tripped. Milner's fine finish won it for Manuel Pellegrini's side
Robert Trigg was convicted of murdering Susan Nicholson, 52, in 2011. He was also found guilty of the manslaughter of Caroline Devlin, 35, in 2006. Ms Nicholson's elderly mother questioned why she brought case to court. She said fight for justice had caused'mental torture' which triggered heart
The British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa is 20 years old. BBC Radio 5 Live has brought together the men who made it and those who became its unwitting stars. This is the inside story of the ultimate inside story.
Tameside and Glossop Integrated Care NHS Foundation Trust rated good. It was placed in special measures by the Care Quality Commission in 2013. The trust's chief executive said she was 'proud' of the rating.
Falling steel demand has meant Tata's steel operations in Europe have been suffering heavy losses. Attempts to turn around Tata Steel Europe have included deals to sell some factories and several rounds of restructuring. Tata will be wary of the impact on its reputation if it decides to shut down its Port Talbot plant.
Sanchez signed a contract extension in January to remain in charge. Deportivo won just two of their last 22 league games and finished 15th.
Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia, had suspended the position last year. It is now returning what remains of the original $20m (£13m) donation. The Cosby family donated the money to the women's college in 1988. Mr Cosby, 78, is facing a series of historic
Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens in the first semi-final in Toronto. The Dane will face Elina Svitolina in the final after she beat Garbine Muguruza. Defending champion Simona Halep was thrashed 6-1 6-1 by Elina.
A lorry ploughed into Catherine Bonner's flat in Fairlie on Thursday. A 55-year-old man who also lived in the flats continues to be treated for minor injuries. The A78 through the village is expected to remain closed until early next week.
Three teenagers aged 16 to 17 were sentenced to five months' custody. Two 13-year-olds were handed non-custodial 12-month referral orders. Judge said no other sentences could be justified because of 'uninhibited, unlawful behaviour'
Favourite Air Force Blue, winner of the Dewhurst Stakes last year, never challenged and was a distant 12th of the 13 runners. Massat (9-1) was second with Ribchester (33-1) two lengths back in third. Dettori surged clear, 20 years on from his first success in the race on Mark
The bill would affect digital maps from Google, Apple, and Uber. It also bans "wrong" information, including disputed international borders. Offenders could be fined up to 1bn rupees (£10.4m) The government said the rules would not create barriers to business.
McIlroy has never finished worse than 11th in his seven appearances at Jumeirah Golf Estates. The Tour Championship is the final event of the Race to Dubai. Four players still in with a chance of topping the European Tour Order of Merit.
1733 portrait of Gambian Ayuba Suleiman Diallo by artist William Hoare. Portrait has never been seen in public.
Labour peer, who died in December, was accused of sex offences against children. The hearings, part of the Goddard Inquiry into child sexual abuse, were due to start in September. Leicestershire Police and the IPCC are investigating people allegedly linked to the case.
Elections being held in 27 English county councils and seven unitary authorities. More than 2,300 seats are up for grabs in county councils across England. No elections taking place in London, Scotland or Northern Ireland.
They urged Palestinians to re-enter the compound on Thursday for the first time since the crisis erupted two weeks ago. The last remnants of Israel's recently installed security apparatus were taken away on Thursday morning. Palestinians fiercely objected to the measures introduced after the killing of two Israeli policemen.
Jhanvi Ahuja was visiting India Gate with her parents and other relatives. She was found with a placard around her neck with her name and her uncle's number on it. A passer-by who found her called her family and informed the police. After the child went missing, her family
Police say they do not believe a crime has been committed. The first foot was found by dog walkers in February. Second foot found in a garden in Weston Park in July, and third in August.
Highways England wants to turn the hard shoulder into an extra lane. Supporters say it will improve traffic flow and ensure "less stressful driving" Opponents claim it will increase congestion and affect the environment.
Radon occurs naturally in areas with a large amount of granite. 99 of the homes tested were below target levels. Fourteen island homes were above the target level.
Plans include relocating the town's Central Library and cutting back on the Citizens Advice Bureau. The Labour-run authority said it was implementing the cuts "with a heavy heart" and blamed "severe austerity cuts imposed by central government"
England opener Alastair Cook scores his second ton of the season. Essex closed day one on 243-2 after putting Hampshire in to bat. Tom Westley scored his first Championship hundred for the hosts. Fidel Edwards was forced off the field with a shoulder injury.
South Yorkshire Police and Humberside Police are to cut the number of dogs and handlers to a combined total of 25. The South Yorkshire force will halve the size of its current dog unit, with 12 officers and dogs being lost as part of the restructuring. The new operation will have two bases in Sheffield and one in Melton
Dementia patient Albert Newman drove for 30 miles in the wrong direction. He crashed his Mazda Premacy into a Transit van near Kegworth, Leicestershire. Mr Newman, from Nottingham, killed passenger Michael Luciw and injured driver. Inquest heard one force had no motorway patrols on duty and another failed to notice
Cameron Stewart missed a great first-half chance for Linfield. Linfield will host Celtic in their first leg on Friday 14 July. Security concerns led to agreement that any potential first leg would be moved from the normal midweek slot to the Friday. Celtic also announced they would not take supporters to Belfast because
The Marine Conservation Society described it as an "embarrassing U-turn" The Welsh government proposed the zones last year. Alun Davies said the decision had been made after the responses. He will now look at the 125 existing marine protected areas.
The 32-year-old winger joined the Hatters on a two-year deal last summer and played 26 times. Hatters boss Nathan Jones: "Paddy has had to face up to some personal problems in recent weeks"
The 29-year-old officer suffered a leg injury when he was hit by the car. The Audi 4 was later traced and a man was arrested.
Susan Williamson was giving evidence at the trial of William Burns and Alexander Porter. The High Court in Glasgow heard she examined a jacket, mail bag, a knife and a jar that had contained acid. Ms Williamson told the court that she also examined the handle of the knife found at the scene and said the major
This year's acts include The Waterboys, Imelda May, Lucy Spraggan and Skerryvore. Also the Peatbog Faeries and Dougie MacLean.
Number of women taking holy vows has trebled in the past five years. Fourteen of the women who entered convents in 2014 were aged 30 or under. Church says women drawn to religious life because of a 'gap in the market for meaning in our culture'
Poland international sustained the injury in Wolves' 2-1 win at MK Dons. Zyro is the third Wolves player to suffer a serious knee injury this season. Kenny Jackett clears up confusion over Kevin McDonald's whereabouts.
Charity worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was detained in April 2016. She was trying to leave the country with her baby daughter after visiting relatives. Her family denies she broke any laws and says she is innocent. Husband Richard Ratcliffe said her detention was a'stain' on Iran.
Bradford City beat Chesham United 4-0 in their FA Cup first round replay. Goals from Kyel Reid, James Hanson, Gary Liddle and Devante Cole sealed the win. Chesham reached the second round after beating League Two Bristol Rovers.
Stephen Downing was convicted of killing Wendy Sewell in 1974. But the conviction was quashed in 2002 and the case was reopened in 2002. Retired police officer Chris Clark said he has uncovered crucial evidence. He said it shows Mrs Sewell had clear signs of being strangled. The Home Office said it would send
Cerys Yemm, 22, was killed by Matthew Williams, 34, in November 2014. Williams was Tasered by police and later died at the Sirhowy Arms in Argoed, Caerphilly county. PC Kelda Griffiths, who was the second officer into the bedroom, said Williams "didn
OAS chief says Nicolas Maduro is a "petty dictator" and a "traitor" Mr Maduro had accused Mr Almagro of being a CIA agent and a traitor himself. He blamed his country's economic crisis on an axis of enemy forces co-ordinated from the US.
The closure of Pangbourne station was the most popular option in a public consultation. Wargrave station in Wokingham Borough was deferred for a year.
It is not impossible that our decision to leave the European Union could end up being judged in the European Court in Luxembourg. The same court so despised by Eurosceptics could, in theory, fight to keep us in their clutches. Both sides are likely to appeal immediately to the Supreme Court for a further ruling
Leah Kerry was found unconscious at Bakers Park in Newton Abbot, Devon. Jacob Khanlarian was charged with two counts of intent to supply a class A drug. The 20-year-old entered no plea and was remanded in custody.
The child's Bonus Bonds account was reportedly set up when he was born with just NZ$250. Bonus Bonds are an investment that pays out thousands of prizes to savers.
Former Bristol Rovers trainee Davies signs first professional contract. Forest Green gave a first senior deal to 18-year-old striker Olly Mehew last week.
The firm issued a profit warning on Tuesday, saying it expects $1.2bn in asset impairment charges. It also expects to book a loss from the sale of its agricultural unit. Noble now estimates thermal coal contracts for 2020 and beyond to trade at $55 per tonne.
Detective Botha was removed pending the result of an investigation. National police commissioner Mangwashi Phiyega announced the change. Mr Pistorius, 26, denies murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, 29.
Kirsty Williams has been a member of the Welsh Assembly since 1999. She was one of the youngest AMs elected at the time of the 1999 election. After the 2007 election, she successfully opposed her party entering into a so-called rainbow coalition.
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon is in talks with US counterpart James Mattis. The two are discussing measures to modernise Nato, including streamlining command structures. They are also discussing progress on a series of joint equipment projects. But Sir Michael is facing questions about the UK's own future capability.
Eight people were among 170 identified by investigators as being involved in modelling online. They included 59 photographers and make-up artists, 58 models and 51 fashion salon managers and designers. The arrests were announced by the court's prosecutor Javad Babaei during a state television programme.
Armitstead finished in the peloton to extend her overall lead. 2014 winner Vos won the 119km stage from Nottingham to Stoke. Sunday's 113.2km final stage runs from Northampton to Kettering.
Police spoke to the 42-year-old in Failsworth on Saturday after an abandoned 999 call. The woman had minor facial injuries and a 57-year old man was arrested on suspicion of assault. Police later returned to the property in Oldham Road to take a statement from the woman but found her dead.
Stella was seized by Devon and Cornwall Police in 2014 and kept in a cage. A campaign to save Stella has gained momentum with more than 20,000 signatures. Police said Stella was "deemed too dangerous to walk due to her aggressive behaviour"
The star of Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, received the award. The Chinese melodrama Mystery was named best film at Monday's event. Nora Aunor, 59, and 87-year-old Eddie Garcia were named best actress and actor.
Emma Pooley, 33, retired from cycling after winning two silver medals at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. The former world champion will target the time trial and may also support Lizzie Armitstead in the road race. "This is a truly rare opportunity that I can't resist," she said.
David Ellam, 52, was attacked as he walked his Yorkshire terrier, Rolo, last August. Aaron Joseph, 29, denied being the owner of a dog that caused injury while dangerously out of control in a public place. A trial date has been set for 5 February at Leeds Crown Court.
Jaz Oberoi said he was "accommodating" with police when they found the wires. His train was held for 30 minutes while he was questioned. Thames Valley Police said its officers had supported British Transport Police.
Many Sephardic Jews were killed, forced to convert to Christianity or leave at the end of the 15th Century. Portugal's Jewish community which once numbered in the tens of thousands has shrunk to just 1,000. Spain is still debating a similar law to address its treatment of Jews in the past.
The Duchess of Cambridge was in Edinburgh to visit school charities. She was at a tennis workshop hosted by Ms Murray in the city. Earlier she took part in a sing-along at St Catherine's Primary.
Michael Smith puts Pompey ahead after Gary Roberts set him up. Barry Fuller's goalline clearance stops Kal Naismith from scoring second.
This is the lowest number of recorded homicide cases for a single 12-month period since 1976. As of 31 March 2016, only one case of homicide recorded in 2015-16 was unresolved. A sharp instrument remained the most common method of killing in Scotland.
Top two in Super League will also meet in the last eight. Hull FC, last year's winners, host leaders Castleford Tigers. Leeds Rhinos host Featherstone Rovers in a local derby. Wakefield make the trip to Salford.
Sterling has weakened since the EU referendum, pushing inflation to 1.6%. Families are £7 a week better off than this time last year, despite rising petrol prices. But electricity and gas prices helped keep household bills down.
Hamilton was in total control at Monza, leading team-mate Valtteri Bottas to a one-two. It is a crucial milestone for Hamilton as F1 next heads to Singapore. The victory was Hamilton's sixth of the season - Vettel has only four.
Photographer David Baird charts athlete's progress over many years. Double amputee ran 40 back to back marathons in 40 days. Whitehead won two Paralympic 200m gold medals in Rio.
Jeremy Corbyn cheered by Labour MPs as he got to his feet at his first PMQs. He thanked supporters for his Labour leadership victory and vowed to make sessions less "theatrical" Mr Cameron struck a consensual tone in his replies, agreeing more needed to be done to improve mental health services.
Owner forced to open crocodile farm's gates to prevent storm surge. Crocodiles escaped into dense bush and the Limpopo River. Floods have killed at least 10 people in Limpopo province.
The £230m development consists of 11 wind turbines. Mr Trump claims they would spoil the sea views for golfers.
Coach drop-off point could be widened to provide a walkway for foreign-registered coaches. Residents have expressed concerns coaches are avoiding the town. Conwy council's cabinet is being recommended to approve the money needed for the work.
RBS said about 600,000 payments were affected. It said it had now identified and fixed the underlying problem. Ulster Bank said concerned customers should "come into a branch or get in touch"
German state prosecutors said they had found the man's number on the phone of Anis Amri, who killed 12 people by ramming a lorry into market shoppers. Amri was shot dead by police in Milan early last Friday, four days on from the attack.
Cardiff are one point off the top six in League One with nine games to play. Slade has taken Grimsby, Yeovil and Leyton Orient to play-off finals. The 55-year-old has lost all three finals without winning promotion.
Comar looks after a number of arts organisations on the island. Board said funding restrictions made it necessary to reduce three posts to one. Equity blames poor business planning and is calling on board to resign.
European and African leaders meet in Malta to discuss migration crisis. They agreed a $1.9bn trust fund to combat people smuggling. But Senegal's president said the money was "not enough for the whole of Africa" The summit was planned after 800 migrants died trying to cross the Mediterranean.
Wind power saved the UK £579 million in fossil fuel costs in 2013. The UK is recognised for having the best wind resource in Europe.
The government looks like it wants to tackle the issue of doctors working in the private sector. The private market is worth £4.6bn a year, with a quarter coming via NHS referrals. Average basic salary for NHS work is £89,000 in England. But what is known about the extent of private work
Sam Boulton, 26, was hit by a van on London Road, Leicester. He was taken to hospital but later died. A 50-year-old man was questioned and released by police.
Bath ran in four second half-tries from Alafoti Faosiliva, Kyle Eastmond, Priestland and Nikola Matawalu. Despite Irish scrum-half Brendan McKibbin's red card, Scott Steele's try whittled it back to 17-7 by the break.
The 1962 document is said to be one of the most important contracts in popular music. It is the only managerial contract signed by both the final line-up of the Beatles - John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr.
On Saturday, sirens sounded for a third consecutive day warning of incoming rocket. People spending the Jewish Sabbath by the beach were sent rushing for cover. Israeli military used its Iron Dome defence system to intercept and destroy the missile.
Cole Doyle and his family had planned a trip to Costa Rica. But the first leg of the journey was overbooked. The family travelled to two other airports and spent an extra £590. Air Canada has now offered them compensation.
Report by Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development found Northern Irish pupils were more satisfied with their lives than elsewhere in the UK. They had an average satisfaction score of 7.24 on a scale from nought to 10, close to the OECD average of 7.3. The findings are based on a survey of 540,000
Air traffic controllers expect to handle more than 8,800 flights on Friday. They have called for a drastic modernisation in the way aircraft are guided. It comes as the government launches a discussion to shape the UK's aviation industry.
A warrant canary is a statement saying a website has not received secret requests. It is named after the birds that were taken down mineshafts to alert workers to toxic gases. Many websites publish warrant canaries in an effort to be transparent with visitors. The concept gained popularity after the extent of US
Competition organised by village leaders in Haryana attracted nearly 800 entries. Haryana has one of India's lowest gender ratios, with 877 women for every 1,000 men.
CCTV footage appears to show soldiers taking white items from a mobile phone store. The Kenyan military says it is investigating the looting allegations. At least 67 people died when suspected al-Shabab militants stormed the mall.
Beach at Scratby, Norfolk, thought to have 6,000 sq metres of waste. Staff from Great Yarmouth Borough Council taking away gas bottles, fridges and freezers. No estimate for the total cost as it is not yet known how long it will take.
21 of the 35 residents at the unidentified home had been ill since 10 April. It is unclear if the flu-like illness caused the death. Earlier this week, two people had died after a flu outbreak at two Swansea homes.
The actor said he came across a woman in labour while visiting Richmond Park. He said he breathed deeply, pressed her belly and got rid of the clots. Then he tied it into a knot and called for an ambulance.
Dr Ian Paterson denies 20 counts of wounding with intent against nine women and one man. He said he had never told alleged victims they had "a ticking bomb" of cancer inside them. The 59-year-old also said one patient, John Ingram, was a "quivering mass of anxiety"
The team are taking the journey to draw attention to the melting sea ice.
Google's shares jumped 7.5% in after-market trading. The search giant's all-important advertising revenue was also up 11%, to $16bn.
Sistercharlie was second, with Terrakova third. This year's Royal Ascot meeting starts on Tuesday.
Gateshead manager Malcolm Crosby: "To go and beat Wrexham tells me we have a decent side" Wrexham manager Gary Mills: "It was disappointing. We've had two or three games now when the second half has not been as good as the first." Ryan Bowman scores a fine winner for Gateshead with a header
President Xi Jinping said China's "territorial sovereignty and marine rights" would not be affected by the ruling. But he insisted China was still "committed to resolving disputes" with its neighbours. The tribunal, based in the Hague, ruled that there was no evidence that China had historic rights to the waters
Mahmoud Amir Alagha is a Syrian refugee studying at Glasgow University. He is researching the way partial paralysis affects people's expressions. Mahmoud has been given leave to remain in the UK for five years.
A 54-year-old man has died after suffering head injuries in Bathgate. A man has been arrested and is due to appear in court on Monday.
Francesco Becchetti has sold Leyton Orient to a consortium. The Italian had owned the League One club for three years. Orient recently staved off a winding-up petition at the High Court.
The Act was introduced after the 2010 election to bind together the two parts of the new coalition government. The Act provides two mechanisms by which an early election could be triggered. Taking each in turn, the government does not have the numbers on its own to achieve a two-thirds majority so any vote would depend
A 47-year-old man has been charged with arson and is in custody. Vale of White Horse District Council, which shares the building, said 72 staff would work from its Abingdon office. A spokesman said it would take about a week to restore the authorities' IT systems.
Ambulance trusts paid private companies and voluntary organisations £68.7m to attend emergency calls in 2015-6, compared to £22.1m in 2011-2. NHS England said 999 calls for ambulances rose 4.5% last year. Unions attacked "creeping privatisation" and called for more money for staff recruitment.
Divock Origi, Roberto Firmino, Tom Naylor own goal and two from Daniel Sturridge help Liverpool to comfortable win. Jurgen Klopp made only four changes from the team that started in the 2-0 league defeat at Burnley.
Danielle Hazell is ruled out of England's T20 match with India on Tuesday. Fellow off-spinner Laura Marsh will replace her in the squad. Hazell picked up an injury in training on Monday.
Former Newcastle defender has joined Ipswich until the end of the season. The 31-year-old was taken aback by an offer to clean his boots by a Town youngster. Taylor played under the late Sir Bobby Robson at both Ipswich and Newcastle.
The 16-year-old girl was raped on Saturday 20 December 2014. She was attacked at an unknown address in the Bolton area. Detectives want to hear from anyone who recognises the men.
The 22-year-old has yet to play in a League Two game this season. He could make his debut for the Heed when they travel to Guiseley on 25 October. On-loan Carlisle midfielder Russell Penn extends his loan stay with Gateshead until 26 December.
On Friday, CIA officials told US media they had concluded that Russians hackers were trying to help Mr Trump. Russian officials have repeatedly denied the hacking accusations. President Barack Obama has ordered a complete review of the hacks. Senior Republicans have now joined Democrats in calling for a full investigation.
Government bond yields hit a five-month high, while shares fell 1.9%. Portugal's benchmark 10-year bond yields jumped over 20 basis points to 2.87%.
Potter is in her second year of competition at the Federation Internationale du Ski (FIS) snowboard cross World Cup circuit. Qualification for the 2018 games' opening ceremony takes place on 9 February 2018 in South Korea.
James Mackie, 30, Derek Finlay, 31, Gordon Ellis, 24, and Scott Smith, 23, pleaded guilty to assaulting and robbing the victims. The High Court in Edinburgh heard that the victims believed they were going to be shot. A stolen phone with a tracking app took the police to the gang.
The 29-year-old made 37 appearances for the Sky Blues last season. Reid has also had spells with Charlton, Bradford and Preston.
Cameron Toshack is the son of former Swansea boss John. He helps coach an under-23 side having an impressive season. Swansea's youngsters were the only Premier League academy side to reach the quarter finals of the Checkatrade Trophy.
Children from deprived backgrounds twice as likely to face police action. Living in poverty also increased the likelihood of violence among both boys and girls. Government has said Scotland is becoming a safer place to live.
Shana Grice, 19, was found with her throat cut in her bedroom in August 2016. Ex-boyfriend Michael Lane, 27, of Portslade, had placed a tracker device on her car. Miss Grice contacted police several times about Lane's unwanted attention. Police watchdog has begun an investigation into
Jason set up Rebellion with his brother Chris in 1992, and today it has an annual turnover of more than £25m. Its best-selling titles include Sniper Elite and Rogue Trooper. Rebellion has also owned cult UK comic book series 2000 AD.
News agency AFP said 10 people have been affected by E. coli in Bordeaux. It is thought a number of them had eaten rocket and mustard vegetable sprouts. Thompson and Morgan said it had no evidence of a link.
Care Fertility operates 15 clinics across Britain and supports services in Hartlepool. Council asked CCG to discuss how it could reduce risks highlighted in tender. But the CCG said it could not lawfully treat one bidder differently. It said re-tendering would take too long and increase clinical risk.
A 26-year-old man driving a Saab died at the scene. A 200m-length section had to be resurfaced after a fuel spillage. Drivers were stuck for hours in congestion on the M42 north from junctions six to nine and on the A446 around Coleshill.
Stacey Flounders, 26, is the mother of Adam Johnson's one-year-old daughter. She is giving evidence at Bradford Crown Court for the footballer's trial. Mr Johnson, 28, denies two counts of sexual activity with a child.
Commission's State of the Nation 2016 report laid before Parliament on Wednesday. It says young families no longer expect to do as well as their parents' generation. Home ownership is in sharp decline, particularly among young people. The commission urges the government to commit to building three million homes over the next decade
Benjamin Netanyahu said he would raise renewing sanctions when he meets US President Donald Trump in February. Iran has carried out several such tests since a 2015 nuclear deal which relaxed sanctions against the country. It is not yet clear what type of missile was launched, or if it explicitly violated the UN resolution.
Network Rail said it would provide Twitter updates over Easter weekend. Railway Magazine said the firm's PR team had gone into overdrive. Major work is being carried out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday.
Bristol's Lee Haskins defends his IBF world bantamweight title against Ivan Morales. Andrew Selby, brother of current World IBF Featherweight champion Lee Selby, makes his pro debut.
Glasgow lost 26-17 to Northampton in their Champions Cup opener. The Scots must now win all three remaining games to have any chance of qualifying for the knockout stages. Northampton were clinical in every aspect against the Pro12 champions.
Premiership Celtic 2-0 Motherwell Hearts. Hamilton Academical Ross County 1-2 St Johnstone Championship Dumbarton 2-2 Ayr United Greenock Morton 2-2 Falkirk Rai Rovers 1-1 Hibernian Challenge Cup Queen of the South 2-3
Alex Baptiste, Che Adams and Billy Sharp scored for the Blades. Chesterfield remain four points above the relegation zone. Blackpool can move to within a point of the Spireites if they beat Rochdale.
Welsh place names are descriptive of the conditions at the time of naming. English place-names are subject to obscure influences from Latin, German, French and Scandinavian languages. Wales does not have a national place-name body monitoring trends and derivations.
Labour used the launch to unveil its Welsh campaign pledge card. The cards have become an essential campaign tool since John Prescott took to his battlebus in 1997.
GB's Lauren Rowles and Laurence Whiteley won the trunk-and-arms mixed double sculls. Lora Turnham won the B 3km individual pursuit and the men's C1-5 team claimed sprint gold in a world record time. There were British triathlon silvers for Lauren Steadman in the
Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has asked Sir Richard Henriques to make recommendations about improving procedures. Operation Midland inquiry into a 1970s and 1980s paedophile ring is among inquiries that will be examined. Force has come under fire amid claims it over-reacted to allegations. Former head
Second year the prize is open to all authors writing in English, regardless of nationality. Marlon James is the first Jamaican-born author to be shortlisted for the prize. The winner will be announced at London's Guildhall at 21:45 BST.
A passage from the Koran was read during an Epiphany service at St Mary's Cathedral in Glasgow earlier this month. The cathedral invited local Muslims, who also revere Jesus as a prophet, to join the service.
Breivik is serving a minimum 21-year sentence for the bombings and shootings in Oslo and Utoeya island last July. His lawyer confirmed that the 27-page document leaked to Norway's VG newspaper are authentic.
Henrik Stenson leads Open Championship after second round 65. Sweden's Stenson is one shot ahead of Denmark's Soren Kjeldsen. Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy shot 71 in the worst of the weather.
Labour's deputy leader Tom Watson has categorically denied leaking the manifesto. But his allies say it would have been mad to do so. They see this as an attempt to damage his reputation as he wouldn't want Labour to perform badly at the election.
The build-up of amyloid in the brain has been a treatment target for many years. After a year of treatment, it also showed the higher the dose the stronger the effect on amyloid plaques. The researchers then carried out tests on memory and found "positive effects" However, 40 people dropped out
Paediatric pathologist Dr Caroline Gannon resigned over interventions by attorney general John Larkin. Dr Gannon investigated deaths of babies including those in the womb or stillbirths.
Richard Brittain travelled from England and used Facebook to find Paige Rolland, 18. He admitted assaulting Miss Rolland with a bottle to her severe injury on 3 October 2014 at Asda, Glenrothes. Glasgow Sheriff Court heard Brittain uploaded part of a published book of his called The World Rose onto a
Diego Costa and Arda Turan went off injured in the first half. Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Barcelona. Diego Godin equalised for Atletico. Barcelona would have won the title with a win.
The Beatrice Offshore Windfarm Limited is being constructed in the Moray Firth at a cost of £2.6bn. Energy firm SSE is among the scheme's investors.
The 36-year-old Czech national was arrested on Saturday after the body of Rebecca Johnson, 26, was found in the Finnish village of Kuttanen. The couple lived in Scotland before moving to the Arctic for seasonal work.
Edward "Taffy" Bowen's work contributed to the development of radar technology. He grew up in the city and graduated from Swansea University in 1930.
Mr Jenkinson, 42, from Y Ffor, near Pwllheli in Gwynedd, suffers from panhypopituitarism. He has no perception of 3D and is also colour-blind. His health problems have meant he has not been able to work for a decade
2% of the UK is listed as ancient woodland. The UK has seen 45 rare species of trees disappear in the last 100 years.
More than 100 officers surrendered at the base in Badakhshan province. They were released after reportedly handing over their weapons. It was the largest surrender by Afghan security forces since December.
The World Music Showcase Festival in Cardiff Bay is a celebration of world music from around the world. This year's opening ceremony featured a selection of traditional Welsh songs. We asked ten of the leading exponents of Wales' folk music to share their favourites.
In 2014-15, 83% of critical care patients were discharged to another ward. That's up from 79% in 2011-12, while the numbers treated rose by 8% to 9,700. But health boards have been told to cut delays in transfers and discharges.
Los Angeles will join the MLS in the next season. The team will play at the purpose built 22,000-seater Banc of California Stadium. Sam Allardyce was sacked by Swansea in December 2016.
The 36 survivors include men, women and children who were enslaved. They have been taken to UN centres in Dohuk in Kurdish northern Iraq. It is unclear whether they escaped in Iraq or were freed.
Police were called to the centre of the town following reports that shots had been fired. The panic turned into a stampede as bystanders mistook selfie sticks for weapons. Eleven people were treated for bruising and heart palpitations.
There are no English or Italian teams in our top 10 greatest teams of all time. We took into account a range of factors - including goals scored, goals conceded, the strength of the opposition faced and whether or not results were achieved in major tournaments. Zinedine Zidane, Thierry Henry and Franz Beckenbauer
The earthquake struck between the capital city of Kathmandu and another city, Pokhara. Many buildings have been reduced to rubble and injured people are being taken to hospital.
Tony Rucinski was appointed chief executive of Board of Community Health Councils in July 2015. CHCs in Wales describe themselves as the "independent voice of patients" Before his suspension he raised concerns the board's chair may have been influenced by a government minister to stop him doing media interviews. Dr
Sovereign Military Order of Malta celebrates its 900th anniversary at the Vatican. Knights have had a long history of displacement around the Mediterranean. Today they rule over no territory except a palace in one of Rome's smartest shopping districts.
Carr died in Los Angeles after complications from a rare form of dementia. She famously performed the song Sixteen Going on Seventeen in the 1965 film. After leaving the film industry, she ran an interior design firm in California.
Ardit Ferizi from Kosovo pleaded guilty to charges of providing material support to America's enemies. The computer hacker shared the personal data of more than 1,000 American military and government personnel. He was arrested in Malaysia in October 2015 and extradited to the US in January this year.
Lewis Hamilton was top of the pile for 24% of BBC Sport's predictor users. Valtteri Bottas was picked to finish second more than any other driver. Seven percent of users correctly predicted Kimi Raikkonen's third-place finish.
Surrey Police and Crime Commissioner was appointed NCA director-general. But her record on child protection had been brought into question by her predecessor. Surrey PCC Kevin Hurley said he had considered seeking her dismissal. He said concerns about public protection and child safeguarding were down to 'failure of leadership' Mrs Owens said
North Cumbria University Hospitals Trust said it was discovered over a week ago. Trust said there was "no indication that any patients have been adversely affected"
Tennis star Leon Smith is honoured with an OBE for his services to tennis. Rod Stewart is given a knighthood for services to music and charity. Prof Sue Black, a world-leading expert in forensic anthropology, is a dame. Lord Smith of Kelvin is also honoured for his public service in Scotland
George North scored three tries in Wales' 61-20 win over Italy in March. Wales play their final World Cup warm-up game against Italy on Saturday. North earned his 50th Welsh cap in Dublin and is one of 10 players retained.
Isabelle Prime, 30, was kidnapped in February while on her way to work. She was released in March along with her translator Sherine Makkaoui. France had not paid a ransom, but singled out Oman for its help in securing her release.
RMT members working for CalMac are preparing to hold a second 24-hour strike. Union members within Argyll Ferries are also to walk out. Dispute has been triggered by the tendering of Clyde and Hebrides ferry services.
England face Sri Lanka in their final World Twenty20 group match. Defeat would see either Sri Lanka or South Africa qualify for the semi-finals. Joe Root's side lost their first match to the West Indies.
Search and Rescue Agency and military send reinforcements to help. Thousands of buildings, roads and bridges in five villages damaged or destroyed. Local airport reopens and roads largely cleared of debris.
One of the men was arrested in the capital Berlin and the other in a town close to Cologne. Police seized computers, mobile phones and sketches in the raids but did not find a "smoking gun" The man, reported to be aged 35, is wanted by the Algerian authorities for alleged links to IS.
Rule E8 bars professional players from betting on football-related matters. Lafferty made one league appearance for Norwich last season. The offence took place on 20 February.
Thomas McMeekin crashed into a tree in Morley, near Leeds, on 7 March. George Wharton, 14, and Rhy Baker, 13, died in the crash. The defendant and a teenage passenger were also left paralysed. He pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and will be sentenced next month.
The man was arrested as he stepped off the plane from Istanbul. He remains in custody at a south London police station. Officers are searching a property in east London.
Blackpool chairman won £30,000 libel case against fan Stephen Reed. Mr Justice Langstaff ruled Mr Oyston was blameless and Mr Reed's allegation was untrue. The verdict comes the day after the club was relegated to League Two.
The worsening war and a grave humanitarian crisis will be on the agenda again. A temporary truce allowed more than 600 women, children and the elderly to escape. But aid convoy still came under mortar and gunfire when it entered the area. More than 15 aid workers were pinned down, unable to exit, for
The Holiday Inn Express in Picardy Place was put up for sale in November. Its Aberdeen-based owners, the European Development Company, ran into financial difficulties. It was bought by International Hotel Properties Limited for £17.7m, plus costs.
Andre Ward will defend his WBO, WBA and IBF titles against Sergey Kovalev. The American beat the Russian by a unanimous decision last November. Kovalev stormed out of Thursday's press conference. Paul Smith takes on WBA'regular' world champion Tyron Zeuge in Germany.
Bar Council, which represents barristers, said the plans threatened a 'world-renowned' justice system. Government said right to a fair trial would not be affected and lawyers would have to meet quality standards. Legal aid costs taxpayers about £2bn every year.
Rochus Misch was the last survivor from Hitler's bunker in Berlin. He was part of the Fuehrer's inner circle, as a bodyguard, a courier and telephone operator. Misch said he knew nothing of the murder of six million Jews.
Tries from Tom Habberfield, Tyler Ardron and Brendan Leonard secure win. Jacob Stockdale's late try denies Ulster bonus point. Ospreys need a point in final game to secure a play-off spot.
Polystyrene blocks are believed to have caught fire in the mine. Seven workers were taken to hospital and treated for smoke inhalation. The Health and Safety Executive said a notice had been served in relation to the fire.
Alleged victim says she did not want "to go to my grave knowing that I let him get away with it" Ralph Clarke is alleged to have committed 31 offences against three children. Mr Clarke, of Erdington, Birmingham, denies the charges.
Glamorgan won the toss and chose to bat first. Jacques Rudolph will bat first for Glamorgan. Essex make one change with Jamie Porter replacing Matt Quinn.
Liam Fox will travel from the US to meet Mexican counterparts. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is on a two-day tour of Australia. And David Davis will hold private talks in Germany ahead of next round.
Police looking for Aidan Chaves in connection with "an incident of affray" The game between Sawbridgeworth Town and Clapton FC was abandoned. It followed reports a player appeared to get a knife out after being spat at.
Dog walker spotted the body in Vernatt's Drain, near the Pinchbeck Road bridge. Police recovered the body from the water after being alerted shortly after 14:00 GMT. Officers had been initially treating the death as unexplained.
Anatoliy and Svetlana Kosse, both aged 68, live in the village of Pisky. There are now only around 40 people left of a pre-war population of 3,000. Their days and nights are punctuated by the noise of artillery, rockets and mortars.
Devils and Steelers face each other in the Challenge Cup final on Sunday. Devils requested to rearrange their Elite League game the night before. League rules state teams cannot change fixtures within four weeks of a game. Steelers coach Paul Thompson said the Devils had an advantage.
Collins, 66, suffered a severe gash near his eye after falling on the way to the toilet. His management said he had stitches in hospital for the cut. The shows were meant to take place on 8 and 9 June. They have now been rescheduled for November.
Natalie Queiroz, 40, has been moved from critical care to a ward. Babur Karamat Raja, 41, is charged with two counts of attempted murder. He is also charged with assaulting a witness and possession of a knife.
Referee Rob Spencer failed to call time foul on China's Xiao Guodong. World number 20 Dave Gilbert was knocked out in the quarter-finals. Event winner Anthony McGill said "in no way on God's Earth should this be a ranking tournament"
Double Olympic and world champion will ride Uthopia instead of usual horse Valegro in Wednesday's freestyle. Brash, the first rider to complete the sport's grand slam, competes in the World Cup showjumping on 20 December. Four members of the Whitaker family, John, Michael, Robert and
Unbeaten favourite Shutter Speed wins the Musidora Stakes at Newmarket. Trainer John Gosden let the favourite race after he walked the course. Tasleet (14-1) took the Duke of York Stakes for trainer William Haggas.
Last year 43 students were rounded up by police and handed over to a drug gang. The students' families refuse to believe they are dead. They say they want more answers and will not give up looking for them. So how can Mexico move on?
Norris was speaking at a public debate on diversity in UK theatre at the NT in London. He said he was considering whether to introduce quotas to improve diversity.
Michael Rutter moves to top of Lightweight Supertwins leaderboard. Tim Reeves and Patrick Farrance top of the sidecar standings.
Efforts are being stepped up to tackle the problem of sheep rustling in the Yorkshire Dales. The aim of gathering the sheep in is to teach police officers how to spot a stolen animal. David Dinsdale shows PC Wilbor the Shepherds' Guide - a 450 page book which lists the unique markings of every flock
Anthony's chain of food outlets included restaurants in the city's Corn Exchange building. Lines Henry Ltd have been appointed as administrators and said there was not enough money for the firm to continue trading.
At least 36kg of mephedrone worth up to £300,000 was also seized. Eleven of the 13 defendants from Blaenau Gwent, Newport and Rhondda Cynon Taff were jailed.
David Staley admitted causing Sally Shalloe's death by dangerous driving. Ms Shalloe, 51, of Attenborough, Nottinghamshire, worked as a research fellow. Staley, 32, of Arnold, Nottingham, is due to be sentenced on 13 May.
Critics say the new contract involves pay cuts of up to 30%. "Normal hours" extended to include 7am to 10pm on every day except Sunday. But the government described the current contracts as "outdated" and "unfair"
Foredowne Boarding Kennel is facing allegations about how dogs, seized by Devon and Cornwall Police and placed there, were kept without exercise. The licensing authority, Teignbridge Council, said it was investigating. Whistleblowers have made a series of allegations about dogs being put in 3ft by 9ft cages and
Car and parts production has already been halted at four plants. interruptions in production would affect 27,700 staff. Economy Ministry calls on VW and the suppliers to end the dispute.
Pensioners would lose free TV licences and winter fuel allowance under Lib Dem plans. Young people would get free bus pass to help them access education or training. Mr Clegg says Lib Dems want to "put the next generation front and centre"
Mohammad Amir took 3-63 for the hosts, his best figures since his return from a spot-fixing ban. Bravo's 116 gave West Indies - chasing 346 to win - hope, before he fell to Yasir Shah to leave them 263-7. The second match of the three-Test series starts
The EAW operates EU-wide and replaced separate extradition arrangements. It was introduced in January 2004 and was prompted by the international anti-terror drive after the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US. Figures for 2009 show that 15,827 EAWs were issued in total and of those 4,431 were executed
Across the UK, 12,000 midwives will have to time theirs around delivering 1,800 babies. At care homes in England there will be 200,000 staff sitting down to eat during a break in their shift.
Ferrari were the only team to run the soft tyre, which is about a second a lap faster than the medium used by Mercedes. Nico Rosberg was third fastest, 0.503 seconds slower than Vettel, with Lewis Hamilton a further 0.157secs adrift. Max Verstappen was sixth following his promotion to
Ms Sutton, 50, was found dead in a toilet at Istanbul's Ataturk airport in October. She was acting Iraq director for the Institute for War and Peace Reporting. An investigation into her death is currently being carried out by Turkish authorities.
England hooker Vicky Fleetwood will remain in England for the next few days to undergo rehab for a minor injury. Forward Poppy Cleall has been called up as a replacement. England begin their campaign against Spain in Dublin on Wednesday.
Man claims he had sex with Julie Wadsworth up to 15 times. He told the jury he sent messages to Mrs Wadsworth years after alleged abuse. Julie, 60, and Tony Wadsworth, 69, deny assaulting seven boys in the 1990s.
Fabio Aru won the third stage of the Criterium du Dauphine. There is no change as Team Sky's Chris Froome trails Tinkoff's Alberto Contador by 13 seconds and BMC's Richie Porte by six.
Goals from Declan McManus and Joe Cardle had the hosts 2-0 up in 11 minutes. Falkirk's Craig Sibbald was red carded for foul and abusive language. Lee Miller was also sent off for an elbow on Nat Wedderburn. Tom Taiwo scored for the Bairns before Card
The eight-page booklet gives advice on who can vote and how to register. It is part of a £6.4m awareness campaign organised by the Electoral Commission. People not on the electoral register have until 7 June to apply for a vote.
Claim based on assessment of rocks underlying the ice stream. Glacier Totten is experiencing a thinning rate of about half a metre per year. Ice loss could push up global oceans by 2m, or more.
James Comey was fired as head of the FBI, almost as soon as it was announced. The Nixonian parallels were obvious, writes Julian Zelizer. Nixon had fired the lead figure in an investigation into alleged wrongdoing by members of his own team. Zelizer asks if this is a re-run of
Rigging supervisor Steve Innes said he and colleagues were exposed to alpha radiation. He said they now faced cancer fears, and blood tests were ongoing. EnQuest said "additional precautionary steps" had been taken. Wood Group said it was committed to employee safety.
Anton Levin, from Dagenham, was stabbed at a house in Southend in November 2014. Abdulfatah Suleiman, 28, was arrested in Norway and extradited back to the UK. He was jailed for 16 years with a five-year extended licence. Three others were convicted last June for their role in his killing
Vessel capsized south of the Italian island of Lampedusa. So far only 28 people have been rescued and 24 bodies retrieved. Matteo Renzi called for an extraordinary EU summit on the migrants issue.
Shrien Dewani, 34, from Bristol, is accused of hiring a hitman to murder his wife. Anni Dewani was shot dead in Cape Town in November 2010 just days after the couple's wedding in India. Her parents say they have been unable to grieve until they know the truth.
Liam Plunkett takes four wickets as Sri Lanka make 248-9 from 50 overs. England reach 24-1 from 30 overs as rain forces abandonment at Bristol. Plunkett takes key wickets of Kusal Mendis, Kusal Perera and Seekkuge Prasanna.
Bassetlaw and Chesterfield decided they would rather be part of a deal already signed off with Sheffield. The aim is to get powers and money shifted from Whitehall to the East Midlands. But for the politicians getting money from Westminster to spend on infrastructure projects is important.
Wimbledon chief executive Erik Samuelson says abusive remark "will not be tolerated" Robinson previously spent six years in charge of MK Dons. Addicks set to investigate coin-throwing incident from supporters' area.
Andrew Shinnie, James Keatings and Chris Humphrey banged in three goals inside 13 first-half minutes. Dean Hoskins sent Hibs' substitute goalkeeper Ross Laidlaw the wrong way and all of a sudden the Rosey Posey's support rediscovered their fervour. Jason Cummings scored twice, while Lewis Stevenson
The 22-year-old was born in Edinburgh but has not been involved in the Scotland set-up before now. Jones plays for Cape Town-based Stormers in Super Rugby. He comes into Vern Cotter's 27-man squad after Glasgow Warriors fly-half Finn Russell pulled out with a head injury
The Queen sent her first ever tweet in 2014 when she opened a new exhibition at the Science Museum in London. Her real birthday is 21 April, and her official birthday is held on a Saturday in June.
Rev Canon Alison White was made the Bishop of Hull in a service led by Archbishop of York Dr John Sentamu. She and her husband, Bishop Frank White, are the UK's first husband and wife bishop partnership.
Jake Ball has taken six wickets in each of Notts' first two games. Ball is leading wicket-taker in Division One of the County Championship. Notts suffered an eight-wicket defeat in their second match of the season.
Joan Bates and her late husband Major Roy Bates moved to an anti-aircraft fortress just outside British territorial waters almost 50 years ago. They declared it an independent state and gave themselves the titles "Prince" Roy and "Princess" Joan of Sealand.
Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain sought High Court injunction against rival. Judge rules in favour of the UKUO, saying it was not in competition. Both orchestras perform their take on contemporary pop songs.
Plans for 11-year-olds to be tested on their times tables were in the Tories' manifesto. The move was put on hold when Justine Greening became Education Secretary. But Chris Gibb, Ofqual's executive director, confirmed the times table check will go ahead.
At least 12 MSF staff members and seven patients were killed in the incident. The UN called the strikes "inexcusable and possibly even criminal" The hospital, run by the medical charity MSF, was severely damaged.
Mark McChrystal has signed for League Two side Crusaders. The 33-year-old played 114 times for Tranmere Rovers.
Dedel and his family migrated to the Amazon region from the drought-ridden north-east of Brazil. They came in search of land and eventually got a plot under an ambitious government programme to settle thousands of families. In the 1990s, they practised slash-and-burn agriculture to plant subsistence crops and
Ulster Rugby said several other Pro12 clubs had not worn a poppy. It said its players had observed a minute's silence and would hold a memorial service on Tuesday. Newport Gwent Dragons and Cardiff Blues were the only clubs to wear poppies.
Johnson scored 15 goals in 41 games for the Heed this season. The 23-year-old has previously had spells with Stevenage and Tranmere. Gateshead finished ninth in the National League.
Site believed to contain thousands of copies of Atari video game ET The Extra-Terrestrial. It is thought to be one of the worst video games ever made.
Equal opportunities committee endorses Marriage and Civil Partnership Bill. But some members were either not convinced by the bill, or had concerns. Bill still needs to go through three stages of voting before becoming law.
Three sources describe working in 'call centres' in two Indian cities. They say as many as 60 "employees" work in shifts in each office. Whistleblowers say they were given a script in which they were told to claim they were calling from TalkTalk.
Care Quality Commission (CQC) made a number of recommendations. They included ensuring nursing staffing levels were safe. It also called for improvements in A&E, medical care and surgery.
Fraser of Allander report said economy was close to recession. Report suggested much - but not all - of the explanation was the oil price. employability minister Jamie Hepburn said two-thirds of the sluggish growth was down to the oil and gas downturn.
The 33-year-old mother had a section of her ovary removed 11 years ago. Following her chemotherapy, doctors re-implanted the tissue last year. The new service is open to NHS patients, researchers said.
Nick Yarris has never had an apology for being imprisoned for crimes he did not commit. He spent almost all that time in solitary confinement, sometimes being beaten so badly by prison guards that his retina detached. While on death row, he educated himself about the law, and sometimes read up to three books in
Aljaz Bedene beat Borna Coric 7-5 4-6 6-1 in Marseille. The Slovenian-born 27-year-old is ranked 109th in the world. Bedene will face German fourth seed Alexander Zverev in last 16.
Cross-party amendment on giving Parliament a final vote on the deal looks likely to be pushed to a division. There will be plenty to watch out for in what will be the last full-scale budget in March. Next year it will be downgraded to a mere "Spring Statement" with the Budget moving to
Nirn O'Sullivan welcomed the fact that new police recruitment had begun. But she said policing is a profession that constantly needs new people. She said 300 new recruits would keep the garda at a standstill.
Curtis has been a player, coach and caretaker manager at Swansea. The 61-year-old is affectionately known as 'Mr Swansea City' He is now the club's interim manager until the end of the season.
Liverpool beat Watford 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Emre Can scored with a back post volley from a Lucas set piece. The goal of the season will be chosen at the end of the campaign.
Children with a parent or sibling with type-1 diabetes will be invited for a blood test. Those at risk will be offered a drug called metformin to see if it can hold off diabetes. Despite extensive research, there is no way of preventing the disease. Most experts believe it is caused by a problem with
Karen Jacquet, 59, was pronounced dead at the scene in Newark. Yousef Mohammed, 65, of Mill Gate, appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court. He was remanded in custody and will appear via a video link on Monday.
Founded in 2007 by two former employees, the company is hugely popular for selling books and electronics online. Earlier this year, acquired fashion portal, Myntra and exceeded $1bn in annual sales. India's e-commerce market was worth $13bn in 2013.
Sajid Javid says result was clear and politicians should "get on with it" But three judges ruled that the PM could not trigger formal process without Parliament's backing. The Supreme Court is expected to hear the government's appeal next month. Prime Minister Theresa May is due to speak to European
BBC crew recorded a party member remarking at a meeting that Golden Dawn members had not beaten MP hard enough. The party sued Mr Stratoulis when he accused them over the attack. A party spokesperson dismissed the remarks at the meeting as a "joke"
Chief financial officer Alan Trotter is to leave Alliance Trust. Chief executive Katherine Garrett-Cox is to step down from the board. The Dundee-based company said shareholders had wanted changes.
Scientists used information about the geology of the country to predict the areas most likely to be affected by the poison. The report is published in the journal Science.
UK Anti-Doping is investigating a'mystery package' sent for Team Sky's former rider Sir Bradley Wiggins at a race in 2011. Brailsford last week said he would not resign over the package. Froome: "Without Dave B, there is no Team Sky"
Dave Walsh, president of Liverpool Trades Council, said council should not be afraid of setting an illegal budget. He said: "Better to break the law than the poor' But Mayor Joe Anderson said the council would set a legal budget. In the 1980s, Liverpool's Labour-controlled council set an illegal
Knowsley school has the lowest proportion of students taking A-levels in England. Knowsley councillor Gary See said the local authority was "naturally disappointed" But he said he was pleased there was "some clarity" for the students.
England face South Africa, Fiji, Argentina and Australia in successive weekends in the autumn. England can go through 2016 unbeaten if they avoid defeat. Hartley believes the new club and country agreement will be of great benefit to England.
Scarring can be common after a heart attack, making the heart pump less effectively and sometimes fail. During an attack, muscle cells in the heart die because of a lack of blood flow. Scientists believe repairing or replacing some of these cells may help reduce long-term damage.
Cardiff City midfielder Peter Whittingham's contract expires in the summer. The 32-year-old joined the Bluebirds from Aston Villa in 2007. Whittingham is currently the club's joint-top scorer in the Championship.
The line-up is so packed with top artists that name-dropping is like having jewels fall from your pocket. This year's Proms will see Norwegian pianist Leif Ove Andsnes bring to a close a four-year piano concerto project with the Mahler Chamber Orchestra.
Mr Obama visited Ireland in May 2011. During the trip, he went to his ancestral home in Moneygall, Co. Offaly. Mr O'Malley paid tribute to President Obama as a "spectacular leader"
Manchester United drew 1-1 with Liverpool at Old Trafford on Sunday. Paul Pogba missed a first-half chance and conceded a penalty. Zlatan Ibrahimovic said social media is part of the game now.
On average, 94 women in Northern Ireland each year are diagnosed with cervical cancer. Approximately 22 will die from the disease. The trial, called Interlace, gives women six weeks of additional chemotherapy.
Scotland sit second bottom of Group F with four points from four games. Strachan signed a new two-year contract in October 2015. The 60-year-old took time to consider his position but decided to carry on.
Researchers analysed bones and tools found at Cerutti Mastodon site near San Diego. The site was uncovered in 1992, during highway construction work. Some of the bones showed typical signs of being smashed with hard objects. Rocks found alongside the mastodon remains show signs of wear and being struck against other surfaces.
Former Nottingham Forest defender signed for Longford AFC in January. The Gloucestershire non-league team has lost all its games this season. Pearce, nicknamed Psycho, was due to make debut last month but match was called off.
US President Donald Trump's budget proposal calls for UN funding cuts. The US contributes more than a quarter of the UN's peacekeeping budget. There are currently 16 active peacekeeping operations around the world.
Albert Anthony Smith McDonald, 58, was found with head injuries. He died on his way to hospital from Cumbernauld Road, Riddrie. Police said Mr McDonald's family were "completely devastated"
Freeing children to go out alone in their local area benefits their health and development. Finland was found to be the top-performing country on independent mobility. In England, most primary school children are allowed to cross roads without supervision.
All six officers face allegations of assault and using excessive force. Essex Police said one officer had been placed on restricted duties. IPCC said allegations could amount to gross misconduct if proven.
Carl Tremarco scored a well-worked goal on the break to give the visitors a half-time lead. Miles Storey's effort found the net via the post before Josh Meekings side-footed a third. Kris Doolan's consolation gave home fans something to clap for. Jordan Roberts
Accounts show £2.9bn of maintenance arrears are 'uncollectable' The money is owed by absent parents referred to the Child Support Agency. Ministers said the focus was on debts for children still being brought up.
Russell Brand has deleted the reporter's number and email after receiving a less than positive response on Twitter. Some users, including Pier Morgan, complained that targeting the journalist was unfair. Twitter's rules state users can't publish someone's private information without their consent.
Israel goes to the polls on 17 March after three months of campaigning. Polls suggest a centre-left alliance is running ahead of the hawkish Likud Party. But the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians has never felt like a major campaign issue.
Aberdeen have agreed a deal with Lloyds Bank to wipe out £9m of their bank debt. Dundee United and Kilmarnock have similar agreements. Motherwell and St Mirren have been operating at break even for a number of years. Celtic have no bank debt and their interim results for the financial year to 31 December showed
Gao Yu, 71, was found guilty last April and challenged her conviction on Thursday. The guilty verdict was upheld, but the jail term was reduced to five years. Sources have told the BBC that Ms Gao has already left prison.
David Knight was killed by a train 140 miles from where he lived. 29-year-old was on leave from a Somerset hospital when he died. Department of Health has admitted 'unacceptable' patients are receiving care far from home.
Liverpool have announced the appointment of Jurgen Klopp as their new manager. The 48-year-old German has signed a three-year deal worth £15m. Klopp will be joined at Anfield by his former Borussia Dortmund assistants Zeljko Buvac and Peter Krawietz.
More than 6,000 volunteers collected and recorded litter along 340 beaches across the UK. The Marine Conservation Society said more than 8,000 bottles were picked up during its Great British Beach Clean Up. It wants deposit return schemes, which give money back to people who return empty bottles, to encourage recycling.
The 20-year-old made 12 appearances this season as Pompey won the League Two title. Whatmough has played 50 games in total for the club.
This House debuted at the National Theatre in 2012, four years after it premiered. It recently had a run at the Chichester Theatre before transferring to the West End. Described as "enthralling" by Guardian's Michael Billington and "fascinating" by Dominic Cavendish.
Celebrity Big Brother was beaten in its 21:00 BST time slot. Hugh's War on Waste on BBC One drew an average audience of 3.6 million. The Investigator: A British Crime Story on ITV attracted 2.5 million viewers.
Badger Trust says cull will not stop TB and may in fact help spread it. Government's plans are likely to result in farmers funding contractors to shoot badgers. Badger Trust say guidance given to Natural England is unlawful.
BBC Points West's political editor Paul Barltrop reports from London.
The biggest is a $47.5bn civil claim brought by Brazil's federal prosecutors. Under the deal, the firms will provide an initial $681m in compensation. The collapse of the dam, containing waste from an iron ore mine, killed 19 people.
New overhead luggage compartments will be fitted to some 737 aircraft from the end of this year. The new design will mean a 2in reduction in headspace for passengers. Air vent and light controls will be easier to reach, Boeing said.
Abbott (2-38), Kagiso Rabada (3-77) and Keshav Maharaj (3-86) all played their part. South Africa are on track for a third-straight series win. The second game of the three-match series starts in Cape Town on 2 January.
He was held in Essex by officers working on the Yewtree probe. The probe was launched in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal.
Tom Latham scores a century for Durham. Ben Steel passes his previous first-class best of 128.
The 23-year-old has scored a total of 20 goals in 100 matches on loan away from White Hart Lane, Peterborough, Swindon, Brentford and West Brom. Pritchard: "I feel I need to go out and prove myself again in football"
The pound has gained 1% and although the stock market is down more than 2%, a lot of that happened before Theresa May called a snap election for 8 June. Since the big fall in sterling after the referendum result, the pound has tended to rise at times when a softer Brexit has looked more likely and vice versa
Pearse Jordan was shot in the back by an RUC officer in 1982. He was running from a stolen car he had been driving on the Falls Road. Judge said officers, known as M and Q, may have committed perjury.
Millie Thompson, nine months, died at nursery in Cheadle Hulme, Greater Manchester. Millie choked on her lunch at Ramillies Hall School and Nursery in 2012. Review follows an e-petition set up by Millie's mother Joanne Thompson. Government said it would consider making paediatric first aid mandatory.
All but one Welsh council had resettled refugees from the UK government's Syrian Vulnerable Persons Resettlement Scheme by the end of last December. Oxfam Cymru welcomed the figures, with Conwy and Denbighshire the latest authorities to become involved. A total of 5,454 people have been resettled in the UK
Andy Murray beats Milos Raonic 6-4 7-6 (7-3) 7-6 (7-2) in Wimbledon final. Murray is first British man to win multiple Wimbledon singles titles since Fred Perry in 1935.
Ashley Sibery, 39, persuaded Sital Sibery to take the class A drug minutes after she confronted him about his drug habit in their home. Sibery pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable and reckless conduct at Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
Ogogo suffered medial knee ligament damage against Scunthorpe on 11 February. The former Arsenal trainee joined Shrewsbury from Dagenham & Redbridge in June 2015. Ogogo has made 79 appearances for the club.
Quick-Step Floors' Matteo Trentin won the fourth stage of the Vuelta. Chris Froome finished in the bunch on the 198km stage from Escaldes-Engordany. Team Sky rider Froome still holds a two-second lead.
The two-time major winner last won at the Tournament of Champions in January 2016. Spieth carded a seven-under-par 65 in the third round to move to 17 under.
12 homes were evacuated after the hole opened in Ripon, North Yorkshire. The hole measured about 20m (66ft) by 10m (33ft) and 9m (30ft) deep. BGS said Ripon lies in one of the most susceptible areas of the UK for sinkholes.
England face India in a one-day international series in India. They are without a series win in India since 1984. Graeme Swann says England will struggle with the bat.
A total of 60 jobs at Careers Wales are to be axed, the union has said. Careers Wales said it is facing a "budget shortfall" and "all options" are being explored. The Welsh Government said it was aware Careers Wales was consulting on a "voluntary release scheme"
British pair took an 18-second advantage into the final shoot-run combined phase. Lithuania's team overtook them and won gold by just three seconds. Laura Asadauskaite was the reigning Olympic champion. Justinas Kinderis had won the men's world title last year.
Zuniga played four times for Colombia at the 2014 World Cup. The 30-year-old has played 125 times for Napoli since joining in 2009. He spent a short spell on loan at Bologna at the start of 2016.
Spending Review will set departmental budgets for next four years. Health, schools, international aid and defence will escape cuts. Police budget has been cut by 4% a year, with 22,000 police jobs at risk. Foreign Office has submitted proposals for cuts of between 25% and 40%.
The 84-year-old played the British spy in seven films between 1973 and 1985. He praised Craig's performances in his new book, Bond on Bond.
Kent close day four on 288-5, a lead of 437, opting not to set Essex a target. Essex earlier bowled out for 292, avoiding the follow-on by one run.
Alexandre Bissonette, a 27-year-old University of Laval student, was charged with six counts of first-degree murder and five counts of attempted murder. Police have not said what motivated the alleged attacker, who opened fire at the Quebec Islamic Cultural Centre during evening prayers. There are reports that Mr B
technicians' union Bectu and the National Union of Journalists (NUJ) voted in favour of industrial action in protest at a 2% pay award. Unions have been pressing for a bigger wage increase in view of the TV company's profits. ITV said it was "confident" that viewers would be unaffected
Glamorgan won three of 16 games in County Championship Division Two last season. Glamorgan lost James Harris, who is one of four uncapped players in England's ICC Champions Trophy provisional squad, after he agreed to join Middlesex on a three-year contract at the end of last season. Veteran Robert Croft also retired after
Nick Clegg claimed England and Wales had Western Europe's highest incarceration rate. But Eurostat figures for 2014 show this was only marginally ahead of Scotland. Since 1993 the prison population has almost doubled over a period.
Marie Black, 34, of Norwich, stood trial with nine others, including five women. A jury found her guilty of offences including rape and inciting a child to engage in sexual activity. Black sobbed uncontrollably in the dock as the verdicts were delivered.
Report says oceans are being heated by climate change. Coral reefs are suffering from the higher temperatures and the effects of acidification.
The Office for Budget Responsibility has increased its prognosis of how much the Treasury will raise from existing taxes. It has also reduced what it thinks the chancellor will shell out in interest on its massive debts. So on paper it looks as though the chancellor is actually being a bit more prudent than he was in July
Tata announced last month it was mothballing part of its plant in Newport. The company said the line could be restarted in better market conditions.
Police and the RSPCA are investigating the find as part of a joint taskforce established in Queensland. It follows an expose by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) earlier this year into the practice of "live baiting" The ABC aired disturbing footage of greyhounds chasing live pigs, possums and rabbits around tracks
Tony follows Scott Arfield, Stephen Kingsley and Jay Fulton out of the club. Sunderland manager David Moyes was in the stand watching Falkirk's 2-1 win at St Mirren.
Daniels brought a chirpy, cheeky persona to his act. His illusions broke new ground in terms of complexity and sophistication.
Govia Thameslink paid £2,233,000 in 2015-16, which it said was about 50% more than in 2014-15. The company went on to face further disruption this year, with months of strikes in a row over guards' roles. Compensation figures for 2016-17 have not yet been released.
The body of Peter Wrighton, 83, was found three miles south of East Harling. Norfolk Police said they wanted to trace three men seen around the woodland. Police say they still want to speak to two other men; one with tanned skin, wearing a grey or blue t-shirt, grey
Senator Scott Ludlam, 46, is deputy leader of the Australian Greens party. He made the announcement in a Facebook post, saying he was dealing with mental health issues. Figures from across Australian politics have wished him well on social media.
Smokers' lobby group said everyone was entitled to a break during work. Council said the move was aimed at making breaks fairer for non-smokers. Leader of the Conservative-run council said: "We are not trying to stop smoking"
University of Nottingham student Hanna Corbett was at Eagles of Death Metal gig. She said there was blood all around and people lying on top of each other. The 21-year-old said she thought she and her friend were about to die.
Ellyse Perry takes career-best figures of six wickets for 32 runs. England collapse from 80-6 to 101 all out. Ashes holders England can no longer win the series. But they could secure an unlikely draw by winning all three T20s.
Wayan Mirna Solihin, 27, collapsed after complaining about her coffee's taste. Tests confirmed she had been poisoned, but Indonesian officials have not named a suspect. Ms Solihin's best friend Jessica Kumala ordered the coffee, but has denied any knowledge of the cyanide.
Burke's move to the Bundesliga came after just 31 appearances for Forest. Scotland missed out on Euro 2016 with the Gareth Bale-inspired Welsh team reaching the semi-finals. McGovern tempered comparison between Burke and Real Madrid's Bale.
Samantha Ho, 39, was found dead in St Neots, Cambridgeshire, on Saturday. Her husband Timothy Allen, 40, is due to go on trial for her murder next year. Mr Allen was due to appear via video link at the Old Bailey. But it was decided he did not have
Monk Bowatte Indarathana set himself on fire outside the holiest shrine in the country. He was protesting against the slaughter of cattle and the alleged conversion of Buddhists by Sri Lanka's minority faiths. The Media Ministry Secretary said the monk had told at least one TV journalist of his plan
Prime Minister David Cameron said it was a major step for the UK. Hitachi is buying Horizon from Germany's E.On and RWE, which are withdrawing from the UK nuclear market.
Ian Murray said the party could take inspiration from dominant figures. But he added that a new generation must now be responsible for safeguarding the party's future. Party members are set to vote for new leaders at Holyrood and Westminster. Mr Murray has given his backing to Scottish leadership contender Kezia Dugdale
In the US it took $204.6m (£132m) according to early estimates. It's the second biggest opening weekend ever just behind 2012's The Avengers. The film opened in 66 foreign markets in total, earning $307.2m (£198m) China accounted for $100.8m (£65
Cassie Sainsbury, 22, was stopped at an airport in Bogota on 12 April. She could face up to 25 years in jail, according to her sister, Khala. The drugs were hidden inside 15 pairs of headphones she bought during a holiday. Her family claims she is innocent of drug trafficking charges.
Barcelona lost at Sevilla for the first time in seven years. Michael Krohn-Dehli and Vicente Iborra scored for the hosts. Neymar scored a penalty for the defending champions. Barcelona are still serving a 14-month transfer ban.
Three items were taken from the Lockerbie site on Thursday and Friday. Police said it appeared to have been a "targeted raid" with a vehicle needed to remove them.
Neil Patrick Harris presented the 86th Academy Awards in his pants. The actor was one of a team of 12 Oscar writers. He pulled it off like Steve Martin or Billy Crystal at their best. But it struck a particularly flat note.
As an EU member, the UK and UK-based firms can sell their goods to EU customers without paying additional taxes. Likewise, British firms and consumers can import from the EU tariff-free. There are two options: The WTO is an international agency with 164 member countries.
Plastic moulded figures made their debut in the UK at the British Toy Fair in January 1966, after a toy executive realised their market potential. They were hugely popular, with sales topping 20 million by the end of the 1970s. However, despite a loyal band of collectors, the success did not last into the 1980
The giant sphere was created by Bristol-based artist Luke Jerram. Images taken by a NASA satellite were used to create the artwork. Each centimetre of the internally-lit spherical structure represents 5km.
Researchers at MIT have created a way to control 3D printing glass. They found that the motion of the nozzle could be controlled by the shape of the thread. The shape is similar to that of a'sewing machine', Dr Pierre-Thomas Brun said.
Federer beat Gasquet 6-4 6-2 6-2 to give the Swiss an unassailable 3-1 lead. "This one is for the boys," said Federer, who was in tears at the end of the match.
Severe weather warnings in place for central, Tayside and Fife. M77/A77 reopens northbound at junction 8 Kilmaurs in East Ayrshire. Clydeside Expressway closed westbound at Finnieston due to accident.
Blackpool's Andy Taylor came close to opening goal after five minutes. Michael Harriman's 20-yard strike came back off the crossbar. Brad Potts met Mark Cullen's cross but nodded wide from three yards. Adebayo Akinfenwa unleashed powerful 25-yard strike which was inches over the bar
Two shots were fired through windows of a house in Moneyleck Park at about 22:20 GMT on Monday. A man who was in the house at the time received hospital treatment for his injuries. He has since been discharged from hospital.
Pair made it three miles down the road and successfully navigated turns. They had taken their mother's 2005 Ford Focus after finding keys in floor mat. Officials are weighing charges against the mother.
Police called to Leith Walk at 06:00 following reports about a man with a neck injury. Detectives said it was believed he sustained the injury sometime between 06:00 and 06:00. He was taken to the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary where his condition was described as serious.
10 US servicemen and one woman died after their bomber crashed in the Isle of Man. Lt Robert Vielle, an experienced and decorated pilot, had been flying a B-17G from England to Northern Ireland.
Justice Thomas has said in the past he prefers not to "badger" lawyers. He spoke weeks after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, which may shift the court's balance of power. The court is considering placing new limits on the reach of the federal law banning people convicted of domestic violence from owning
The move comes a day after a federal appeals court in San Francisco lifted a ban that had been in place since 2008. But the opponents say the appeals court acted prematurely because by law they had more time to appeal before the ban can be lifted.
Finance committee wants more time to scrutinise spending plans. Derek Mackay said he would provide "high level" planning information. But opposition members said he had been "ambiguous" and not been clear.
Brown's departure by'mutual consent' after four seasons in the job ends an association going back to when he first joined the playing staff. The 46-year-old Scot was appointed in January 2013, succeeding Ashley Giles, when he became coach of England's limited-overs teams. Under Brown'
Hundreds turn out to watch wrestlers from all over the country take part. Bouts are two minutes and three judges award points on entertainment value. Organiser Andy Holt said it was "harder than it looks"
Father-of-nine Kevin McGuigan shot dead at his home in the Short Strand. Police believe two men shot him several times in the head and chest. The 53-year-old was one of a number of suspects in the murder of Gerard 'Jock' Davison in May. Sinn
Ross Kemp, who last played Grant Mitchell in 2006, said it would be 'a brief return' Barbara announced her character would be killed off following her surprise return.
Civil claims have been made against the car owners, even though they were not involved in the thefts or crashes. Officers are claiming for injuries sustained when stopping the cars. The owner's no-claims bonus can be affected and their car insurance premiums can increase as a result.
Roslyn Condie admitted being the owner of a dog which was dangerously out of control. Staffordshire Bull Terrier bit the postman on the leg leaving a puncture wound. Sentence was deferred on Condie for six months.
Rotherham United have won promotion to the Championship. The Millers won the League One title after beating Leyton Orient on penalties in the play-off final. Chairman Tony Stewart bought the club in administration in 2008. He vowed to build a new ground and get the team back into the town.
Some 2,600 people attended the service in central Paris. President Hollande said France would "do all it can to destroy this army of fanatics" He vowed that France would respond with more music, concerts and sporting events.
John Lamont formally resigned from the seat as of 13:00 on Thursday. The by-election means residents in the area will vote on their local council, their Holyrood representative and their MP all inside five weeks. Mr Lamont is seeking to unseat the SNP's Calum Kerr.
Accident happened as the train was departing Leuven station at slow speed. Services between Leuven and Brussels have been suspended.
The HTC VIVE is one of the latest virtual reality headsets on the market. It works by moving your head around to get different views. Google Earth is available on the HTC Vive headset.
John Lahiff, 75, disturbed the crocodile while looking for a ball in water. He was taken to hospital with a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf. The Palmer Sea Reef golf course is owned by Australian billionaire Clive Palmer.
Bloomington Mayor John Hamilton said the move would 'better reflect cultural sensitivity' Move sparked a backlash on social media, with opponents condemning it. Columbus Day became a federal holiday in the US in 1937.
Report found investors spent nearly £1.8bn last year across all sectors in Scotland. But Glasgow saw a "more muted" 12 months, with transaction volumes down by 59% at £280m. Knight Frank said low oil price "continued to take its toll" in the north east.
Labour leader said PM's position owed less to "great philosophers" than Baldrick. Prime Minister noted Labour member Sir Tony was a Blackadder character. He later described the pair as "a beardy man and a grumpy lady"
The first film, starring Eddie Redmayne, is due out in cinemas on 18 November. JK Rowling, who wrote the film script, will also write the sequel. Warner Bros said the second film "moves deeper into an increasingly dark time"
Brian Farrell admitted conspiring to distribute heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine. Silk Road 2.0 was shut down in 2015, following Operation Onymous raids. It allowed people to use bitcoins to anonymously buy and sell illegal goods.
Scottish SPCA is caring for the animal, now named Husky, and it will be released into the wild in the summer.
The 27-year-old Yafai won on all three judges' scorecards. He knocked down the Japanese in the second round. His younger brother Gamal also won on the undercard.
Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 89. He won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1997 for his work. His plays included Accidental Death of an Anarchist.
Cornwall Live said its journalists were told they could not broadcast the PM's visit via Facebook Live. The publication, owned by Trinity Mirror, took to social media to vent its frustrations. Conservatives said the reporters' "last minute" request to film had "not been possible"
Sisters-in-law Sharon Dodd-Archibald, 46, and Mary Archibald, 51, both from Glasgow. They were found at Dalserf Court in the Gallowgate area on Sunday. Deaths are not being treated as suspicious.
Derek Llambias and Barry Leach voted off the board at EGM called by King. King's consortium received about 85% of the votes cast. New board has already appointed shareholder Douglas Park as a director.
Daniel Mould, 25, remains in police custody charged with murder. Michael Young, 25, formerly of Rutherglen Road, Sunderland, has also been charged.
BBC's Doctor Foster returns for a second series next month. The actress has a son with Bertie Carvel, who plays Simon Foster. Mike Bartlett, the show's creator, says there could be more to come.
Radio Wales' Eye on Wales has interviewed teams from black and ethnic minority communities. They tell of the comments, abuse and hostility they say they encounter at matches. There have been a number of racial incidents at football matches in Wales over the past year.
Ashley Yates, 45, admitted charges of making indecent images and voyeurism. He worked at The Tynings Primary School in Staple Hill, South Gloucestershire. In a letter to parents the school said "additional adult victims have been identified"
Vietnam has called the reported move a "serious violation" The Philippines and Australia also expressed concern. Several nations claim territory in the resource-rich South China Sea.
Pink Dot has been held every year since 2009. The picnic ends with the forming of a pink dot. But this year it falls on the eve of Ramadan. An Islamic teacher started a Wear White campaign against homosexuality. Gay sex is illegal in Singapore.
UK economy has performed robustly in the face of dire warnings. Today saw the first evidence that inflation is starting to nibble at the bathers' toes. Inflation's rise to its highest level for two years can be linked to the value of sterling, which has fallen by 16% this year.
Scientists counted honey bees, bumble bees and other pollinating insects. Urban habitats can provide a valuable role in bee conservation. Insect pollination has been valued at around £690M per year for UK crop production.
Nieve, five, was attending the Handmade Parade in Hebden Bridge. The dog jumped up and bit her on Sunday afternoon. She needed eyelid surgery and suffered "potentially irreparable damage" to a tear duct.
At least two overcrowded boats - with many women and children on board - were towed by local fishermen to the shores of Aceh province on Sunday. Myanmar - also known as Burma - refuses to recognise Rohingya as citizens. Hundreds of thousands have fled persecution in recent years, often through Thailand but also by sea
Office of Rail and Road said it had safety concerns over West Coast Railway Company. Follows incident last March in which a locomotive stopped across busy railway junction. WCRC managing director Patricia Marshall said she was 'disappointed' with ban.
Osborne's stated aim was to create what he called a 'new settlement' He did something rather surprising - slowing and softening spending and welfare cuts. Also adopted Labour policies - a higher minimum wage, a levy on firms to pay for apprentices, an assault on the tax privilege of so-called non dom
It is the first time that a non-premium brand has come first in the annual study by consultancy J.D. Power. The survey of more than 80,000 car buyers found that Kia had the fewest problems in the first 90 days. Worst performers were Daimler's Smart, Fiat, Volvo, Land Rover
More than 600 child migrants arrived in the UK without their parents last month alone. Safid is one of thousands living in a camp called the Jungle in Calais, France.
Renewable Heat Incentive scandal was not the cause of election, Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams says. Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Féin are neck-and-neck in the popular vote. Alliance leader Nigel Dodds says his party's vote was up and it is now incumbent on all parties
Police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across Canada motivated by hate in 2015. Nearly half of all incidents were linked to race or ethnicity. Just over a third of reported hate crimes were motivated by hatred of a religion.
Bianchi lost his battle on the night of Friday, 17 July - nine months after the crash. In only 34 races he had done enough with the back-of-the-grid Marussia team to suggest he had a bright future in the sport. His death has led to a period of introspection in a
All five candidates are opposed to a third runway at Heathrow. Find out more about all the candidates for the London elections.
Walsh would prefer that the UK abolishes Air Passenger Duty (APD) But, in its absence, he said carriers within his International Airlines Group would "certainly look at what is on offer" from Stormont.
A Toyota Rav4 left the road and collided with a sign. The driver died at the scene. A woman who was a passenger in the car was not injured.
Team believe study could help doctors in choosing the most effective treatment for individual patients. Tests can be used to predict the outcomes of patients with two different types of blood cancer.
A 34-year-old woman became the second person in three weeks to die at the busy Bow Roundabout junction. The driver of a lorry involved in the crash was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. London Cycling Campaign demanded an immediate redesign of the roundabout.
Female players had been considering striking in an effort to address wage discrimination. The US Soccer Federation sued the players' union to prevent a strike. A judge ruled the players are not eligible to strike because of a provision in an earlier contract.
Simi had been in Belgium awaiting transportation after being seized in Germany. The animal was seized two years ago and held in isolation at an animal welfare centre.
He was honoured at a ceremony in Dublin on Friday night. His wife Christine accepted the award and said he would have been'so, so proud' Gerry's career with the BBC spanned almost 30 years.
Microsoft's Xbox boss played down the prospect of virtual reality. Phil Spencer said the technology isn't quite there yet, in his view. Contrast that with Sony, whose PlayStation VR has sold more than one million headsets since being launched this time last year.
Facebook page focused on paedophiles in Northern Ireland. Sex offender discovered his photograph and threatening comments were posted on the page. Facebook complied with the order, but a similar page appeared within hours.
Halle Berry said she was 'profoundly hurt' when no black stars were nominated. She is the only black woman to have won the best actress Oscar. Since her win, only four black actresses have been nominated for the award.
Newsnight's James Clayton and Jack Garland followed him around for a day.
The panel consists of leading educationalist Prof Sir Robert Salisbury, trade unionist John Corey and Belfast Metropolitan College's principal Marie-Thr se McGivern. There have been ongoing industrial problems in the school for months. Education Minister John O'Dowd wants them to complete the
Vilani started ballroom dancing in Russia at the age of 11. She moved to Los Angeles in 2006. The professional dancers are booked on a series by series contract.
William Hague has arrived in Irbil to meet Kurdish regional government officials. He discussed ways of curbing militants' access to finance and arms. The Iraqi authorities are desperately seeking to repel Sunni militants.
Napoli forward Gonzalo Higuain has been linked with a move to Chelsea. The 28-year-old scored a Serie A record 36 goals last season. Higuain's representatives are set for talks with the English side, according to reports.
Iceland is set to become the first country in the world to adopt an equal pay bill. The law aims to close the wage gap between men and women. Companies face auditing and possible fines if they do not comply.
Parents and some girls who escaped say more than 200 students were seized. Nigeria's military says most of the girls managed to escape or were freed. Parents of the missing girls head into the Sambisa forest to search for them. They say they did not see any Nigerian soldiers in the forest
Matt McKeown from Plymouth, south-west England, has created a super trolley with a motor and special wheels. He says he wants to improve his trolley to try and reach a speed of 60mph instead.
RHI scheme was intended to increase the creation of heat from renewable sources. However, businesses have been receiving more in subsidies than they are paying for renewable fuel. The fallout from the scandal surrounding the scheme resulted in the collapse of Stormont's institutions.
Further caps are coming into effect on roaming charges within all 28 countries of the European Union (EU) From June next year, roaming charges in the EU will be abolished completely. The government said that those making calls, downloading data or texting would save millions of pounds in charges.
The woman, in her 20s, was attacked after leaving the event's Chinawhite enclosure. She walked with the men to the Harpsden Road and Reading Road area. A passerby found the victim near the Three Horseshoes pub shortly after.
The 19-year-old was released by Bolton at the end of last season. Jussi Jaaskelainen made 529 appearances in 15 seasons at the club.
Attack on Bilkis Bano and her family was one of the most horrific crimes during the riots. The attack began when a fire on a train in Godhra town killed 60 Hindu pilgrims. Blaming Muslims for starting the fire, Hindu mobs went on a rampage, attacking Muslim neighbourhoods. More than
Liverpool drew 2-2 with Sunderland at the Stadium of Light. The draw leaves the Reds five points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. Match of the Day pundit Martin Keown said: "Klopp looked tired himself"
Sir Elton said he was not surprised by the myths about HIV in the UK. He said the DUP's Trevor Clarke did not know until recently that heterosexual people could contract HIV.
A software "issue" meant some "non eligible" voters were sent cards. Iain Duncan Smith and Bernard Jenkin have expressed "serious concerns" Leave campaigners are still awaiting responses from six councils.
Bailey Wright's Preston contract expires in 2017. The 24-year-old has made 20 appearances for Preston this season.
Images appear to show missiles on Woody or Yongxing Island in the Paracels. China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi said reports were a Western media invention. Taiwan's defence ministry said it had "learned of an air defence missile system deployed" US Secretary of State John Kerry said it was a "
German Chancellor says Europe must "fight for its own destiny" Comments come after U.S. President refused to re-commit to Paris climate deal. Mrs Merkel is on the campaign trail ahead of September elections.
Commentators and readers weighed in on the idea of menstrual leave. Here is what you had to say about the idea.
Business groups have described the levy as a new "payroll tax" The Institute of Directors said it would be a big cost for many companies. The CBI said it was a significant extra tax for business.
MPs Sir Kevin Barron and John Healey awarded £40,000 each in libel damages. Caven Vines claimed during an interview in January 2015 the MPs knew about the abuse but did not intervene. Mr Justice Warby said the "offensive and wrong" allegation had caused "real anger and distress"
At least 24 people have been killed in violence since the 8 August election. Mr Odinga said the poll was rigged to give President Kenyatta victory. However, Kenyans on Twitter have been using the hashtag #TurudiKazini.
Gorse fire has engulfed a large area of dry heath-land on Woodbury Common. Twenty fire engine crews were sent to tackle the flames that were fanned by high winds. The nearby Woodbury Park Golf and Country Club has been evacuated.
Many people with disabilities travel by air, but damage to their wheelchairs can ruin a holiday. One EasyJet passenger's wheelchair was broken on a short flight from Philadelphia to Detroit. Others have found their powerchairs being flung into a trolley of suitcases.
Mr Papademos was appointed caretaker PM in November 2011 amid political and economic turmoil. He has also served as vice-president of the European Central Bank.
Two cars damaged in incident in Newry on Friday night. Assistant Chief Constable Stephen Martin said he was 'appalled'
7-4 favourite Seventh Heaven outbattled Architecture to win the Oaks Trial. Flash Fire landed the Victoria Cup at Ascot under Adam Kirby.
Two city marshals in Louisiana have been charged with second-degree murder. The two men opened fire on a car in which the family was riding. Chris Few remained in hospital, unable to attend his son's funeral.
Researchers at Harper Adams University have a theory slugs are not evenly distributed over a field. Instead they believe they are concentrated in patches. That's important because if the scientists could help farmers find these large patches of slugs you could target them with pest control measures.
Simone Sorensen scored the crucial spot-kick after Austria missed their first three penalties. Austria also went close in normal time through Sarah Puntigam, whose strike came off the crossbar. Denmark will face the hosts in the final after their 3-0 win over England in the second semi-final.
DNA suggests first Americans and modern Native American Indians share a common ancestry. The Yucatan girl, dubbed Naia, lived at least 12,000 years ago. She was found in a vast, flooded limestone chamber on the Yucatan Peninsula.
The Washington Post reported that Mr Trump may have disclosed information by a key ally that has "access to the inner workings of the Islamic State" Mr Trump's tweets explained that he was "sharing" information with the Russian officials in order to foster co-operation on important global issues like the fight against the so
Swansea lost 3-1 to Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday night. It was the Swans' third defeat in their last four games. Paul Clement's side are now 18th in the Premier League table.
Dr Ralf Trapp is a former senior employee of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. He has given his assessment of the likely details and timetable of the testing process. Samples from Syria gathered by inspectors arrived at OPCW central laboratory on Saturday. Dr Trapp said the report would take between seven to 10
Nearly two million people in the UK have a sight problem which seriously affects their daily lives. Researchers at Oxford University have developed a way to enhance this. They are fitted with a specially adapted 3D camera. The images are processed by computer and projected in real-time on to the lenses.
Jason Rezaian, a dual US-Iranian citizen, has been accused of passing information to "hostile governments" He could face up to 20 years in prison if convicted. Mr Rezaian appeared in court alongside his wife, Yeganeh Salehi, and a third detainee, reported to be a female photojournalist
RSPB said all chicks had hatched and would fledge in the next few weeks. Two pairs successfully raised chicks on the Isle of Wight last year.
urbanisation of California has led to huge increase in nutrient pollution in coastal waters. This is said to be the reason for the dieback of seagrass. Research suggests hunting to near-extinction of sea otters may have exacerbated the problem.
Noel Conway, 67, has motor neurone disease and cannot walk. He wants a doctor to be allowed to prescribe a lethal dose when his health deteriorates. Any doctor who helped him to die would face up to 14 years in prison.
Richard Callaghan pleaded guilty to being involved in the supply of drugs. Police valued the drugs at almost £130,000 but the defence said it was half that amount. The judge sentenced Callaghan to two years and eight months.
Katherine Zappone made the statement as she addressed the Dil. She said the Tuam discovery "confirmed what we had all feared" An inquiry, set up in 2014, confirmed last week that human remains had been found.
Raith Rovers beat Celtic on penalties in the Scottish Cup final in 1994. The underdog from the second tier of Scottish football had never won a knockout competition. Celtic had been built to achieve glory, at a cost of £5.17m.
A group chaired by Paralympic multi-gold medallist Tanni Grey-Thompson says it would be the first country in the world to take that step. It would mean more time for sport, but unions worry too many core curriculum subjects could dilute their importance.
Charlie has an exceptionally rare genetic condition called encephalomyopathic mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome. He has severe brain damage and cannot open his eyes or move his arms or legs. A hospital in the US has agreed to offer Charlie an experimental treatment. But Charlie's doctors at GOSH do not think this
Children have fewer opportunities to explore their surrounding natural environment. This is hampering their social skills as well as stifling their long-term physical, emotional development and wellbeing. Report calls for outdoor learning to be adopted by national curricula.
Ian Chapple has been named as Lancashire's new head coach. Chapple will be assisted by ex-Lancashire spinner Gary Yates. Peter Moores left his position after Wednesday's draw with Warwickshire.
Alex Hales asked Alexis Fuller for a refund after slow over rates. Fuller tweeted the England team, asking for his bank details. Hales obliged, and the fan posted a picture showing a transfer of £4.10. Mr Fuller later posted a tweet showing that he had donated the money to the Lord
Sam Amin, 18, fell into the river after a night out in Bath last September. Since then safety railings have been placed along the stretch of river. Laurence Tindall, who will design the memorial, said: "We want people to think quietly about the people who lost their lives in the river"
England beat Slovenia 2-1 on Sunday night to book their place at Euro 2016. Roy Hodgson's side have now won six out of six in their Euro 2016 qualifying group. But England lacked defensive leadership and organisation against Slovenia.
Father of gang-rape victim says he wants the world to know her real name. But Indian media later said he denied giving consent for her name to be revealed. Indian law protects sex crime victims by prohibiting identification. Minister has urged authorities to reveal the name so it can be used for a new
BBC World Service's The Inquiry hears from four expert witnesses. They include a former Colombian president and a drugs prosecutor turned defence lawyer. Uruguay is the first country to legalise the marijuana trade.
RSPB was due to open new reserves at Snape and Hollesley. River Alde over-topped the reserve, filling the freshwater marshes with saltwater. Work to clear up the damage is continuing.
Four buzzard nests and one goshawk nest found abandoned in Moy Forest at Tomatin. Police said some of the sites appeared to have been deliberately disturbed. Moy Forest is managed by Forestry Enterprise Scotland and the nests were being monitored.
Ciarn Maxwell, 30, has been charged with one offence of terrorism, one of fraud and one of possessing cannabis. He was arrested in Somerset last week after searches in Larne and Devon. The serving Marine's arrest was understood to be connected to two arms dumps found in County Antrim this year
Brains' sales are up nearly 4% in its pubs. The family-run brewery employs about 2,000 people. Brains plans a chain of about 50 outlets over the next three years.
Manchester City have signed Nicolas Otamendi for an initial fee of £28.5m. The Argentine defender played in the Copa America final for Atletico Madrid. He is Manuel Pellegrini's third summer signing after Raheem Sterling and Fabian Delph.
Dave "Chewie" Coxon, from Torquay died after being struck once by his friend. The pair had attended the 40th anniversary rally of the Modrapheniacs Scooter Club.
Politics dominates the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph, News Letter and Irish News. The Belfast Telegraph quotes a panel member who says salaries cost taxpayer £13.5m a year. Family of missing man face anxious wait to find out if body pulled from River Foyle is that of 23-year-old Jack Glenn
Price of Brent crude fell to $38.90 a barrel at one point. Recovered slightly to $39.13 - still down 60 cents in the trading session. Oil prices are down more than 10% over the week.
Chris Coleman said the 2018 World Cup will be his last as Wales boss. Coleman signed a two-year contract extension with Wales in May. The FAW says it would be hard to keep Coleman if he wants to manage a club side before then.
The Global AgeWatch Index 2014 measures the social and economic welfare of those over 60 in 96 countries. According to the index, Norway comes on top and the worst country is Afghanistan, followed by Mozambique.
The 18-year-old helped the Brewers win automatic promotion from League One last season. Nigel Clough hopes the deal will be concluded by Saturday.
Creed star said he wanted to "put a different spin" on the film. He will reunite with his Creed director Ryan Coogler. Black Panther will be released in February 2018.
The man was crossing Adams Bridge in Main Street, Kilwinning. He was taken to Crosshouse Hospital, Kilmarnock, where his condition is stable. Police say the car drove off towards Irvine and have appealed for witnesses.
The cannabis was discovered in a van in Camlough, south Armagh. The accused, three of whom are from Birmingham and the fourth from County Wexford, were arrested on Thursday. Newry Crown Court heard the 167kg drugs shipment was tracked through Spain, England and Ireland.
Imrich Joni stabbed and strangled Gordon Bolan, 68, last summer. The Slovakian hid the pensioner's body in a wardrobe in Glasgow. He was found guilty of murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice. On Tuesday, he was sentenced to at least 13 years in prison
Edward Maher was questioning a soldier in charge of risk assessment. He said instructors did not notice his son, L/Cpl Edward Maher, was "off track" The soldier, known as 1B, said he did not think his process had failed.
Shaker Aamer has returned to the UK after spending 5,017 days in Guantanamo Bay. There are bigger questions for the UK, questions of legacy and lessons to be learnt. MPs are now pushing for real answers about Britain's role in the weeks and months after 9/11.
Scottish champions went out 4-3 on aggregate after a 2-0 defeat in Sweden. Malmo are fifth in the Swedish league, seven points off the leaders. Among the teams in Europe's second-tier competition are Liverpool and Tottenham.
Go-Ahead shares dived nearly 14% after the company warned of lower-than-expected full-year profits. The FTSE 100 index gained ground during the afternoon after spending the morning in the doldrums. Biggest riser in the FTSE 100 was support services group Babcock, which rose 7.1%.
Band are currently playing a string of concerts in Los Angeles. They paid tribute to Sheehan on the video screens at Wednesday night's show. Sheehan had been on the road with U2 for more than 30 years.
Stephen Mallan converts penalty to give St Mirren the lead. Liam Buchanan pulls one back for Livi. Shankland fires home to make it 3-1 before half-time.
Ex-Derry City winger left Luton Town by mutual consent last month. But he said when his wife, Laura, was diagnosed, everything paled into insignificance. McCourt said Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill told him to be there for his wife and 'don't even think about
Latest Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (IPM) fell to 52.7 last month, down from January's reading of 55.6. Any figure above 50 means expansion, but the rise in service sector activity was the weakest since March 2013.
The two are Anthony Allen, 43, of Hertfordshire, England and Anthony Conti, 45, of Essex, England. They were charged by US authorities with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank fraud in an effort to manipulate Libor for Rabobank's financial gain.
Fran Kirby scores winner for newly crowned Women's Super League champions. Kirby had netted twice in the 4-0 win over Sunderland that sealed Chelsea's first league title on Sunday. Chelsea Ladies boss Emma Hayes: "To win 1-0 at home with a clean sheet, for the first time (in Europe) in
Sredojevic complained on social media about not being paid. Fufa admits it owes the coach and says paying him is a priority. The association added it is meeting with the coach to resolve the issues.
Yvette Cooper sets out plan to create two million high tech jobs. Andy Burnham, Andy Burnham and Jeremy Corbyn will take part in hustings. Campaign so far dominated by candidates' attitudes to Labour's election defeat.
Mr Trump's transition team said he and Tsai Ing-wen noted "close economic, political, and security ties" The move risks angering China, which sees Taiwan as a breakaway province. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi dismissed the call as a "petty trick"
House masters will become known as "faculty deans" Harvard Law School is also deciding whether to change its official seal.
Germany beat Cameroon 3-1 to finish top of Group B. Joachim Low's side will play Mexico in the semi-finals on Thursday (19:00 BST) Portugal finished second in the group behind Germany.
Joao Doria said he did not want an "open-air shopping mall for drugs" Critics say his policies are pushing the problem to other parts of the city.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has been invited by the Flemish government. He will also visit the Somme in France, where soldiers fought together. Mr McGuinness said he was making the trip "in the spirit of reconciliation"
Manchester City lost 2-1 at Chelsea in the Premier League on Wednesday. City are now just four points ahead of Arsenal and Manchester United. Pep Guardiola says he will be better in the future.
Many Clouds collapsed after winning the Cotswold Chase at Cheltenham. He was treated by veterinary staff before being pronounced dead. The British Horseracing Authority confirmed the horse suffered from a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage"
Who do you think is the best January signing? Take a look at our shortlist below and decide for yourself.
Ministry of Defence figures show there are currently 81,700 full-time servicemen and women in the Army, down from 102,260 in 2010. More reservists are being recruited but that process has been slow. Plans to increase the number of Army reservists from 19,000 to 30,000 by 2019 have been controversial.
Manchester United lost 3-1 at Watford in the Premier League on Sunday. Jose Mourinho's side have now lost three games in a row for the first time in 14 years. Watford led through Etienne Capoue's first-half strike. Marcus Rashford and Juan Zuniga replied for United
Russian Football Union acting president Nikita Simonyan told the R-Sport agency Capello's role was in question. Simonyan's comments came following Russia's 1-0 defeat by Austria in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. Russia are third in their group and are facing the prospect of needing to win a
Malta has an exemption from the EU Birds Directive, allowing its hunters to shoot turtle doves and quail during the spring migration. Chris Packham, who is in Malta, said rare species were being targeted. Malta is the only EU country to have a recreational spring hunting season.
An off-duty inspector found the girl in Grange Lane, Lye. Police are seeking a light grey or blue vehicle in connection with the crash. Sgt Steve Newbury said: "It's shocking to think someone could leave a child seriously hurt in the street, drive off and make no effort to get
consultation on redundancies at its Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in Coatbridge began on Tuesday. The Music Group said the consultation will last for at least 30 days. Production of audio equipment at the plant is understood to be moving to China.
Stephane Sessegnon fired West Brom into the lead with a powerful shot. Stoke created little in the second half but substitute Jonathan Walters headed them level from a superb Joselu cross. Geoff Cameron was sent off for striking Claudio Yacob before Evans tapped home after a goalmouth scramble.
Oxford Bus Company said there was too much pressure on surrounding streets. Council said it was 'vital' for more pedestrians and cyclists to use route. A consultation on the proposals runs until 6 June.
Italian consumers' organisations have made a formal complaint to the European Commission. They accuse McDonald's of forcing franchisees to pay excessive rents and high fees. European Commission has the powers to launch an investigation if it believes the allegations are founded.
The 57-year-old has spent the last 18 years working for the club's academy. Cowans also played for Bari, Blackburn Rovers, Derby County, Wolves, Sheffield United, Bradford City, Stockport County and finally Burnley in a career totalling 841 appearances.
Tony Blair launched a 12-point plan of tough measures to deal with the threat of terrorism. The attacks transformed the politics of the summer but Mr Blair had already won his third election in May with a healthy majority of 66. In contrast, Theresa May is dealing with her terrorism while the election campaign is still going
Wilfried Zaha, Christian Benteke, Luka Milivojevic and Patrick van Aanholt goals secured Palace's own safety and sent Hull down. Swansea's survival marks a remarkable turnaround in fortunes under Paul Clement.
Bradford Bulls are in administration for the third time in four years. The Bulls had hoped to have a deal agreed by Friday. Joint administrator Gary Pettit asked fans to "remain patient"
Ms Tiffney, 43, was last seen leaving her home in Edinburgh in 2002. The remains were found by a cyclist in an area off the A198. A murder charge against her son Sean Flynn was found not proven in 2005.
Jamieson followed his first-round 67 with a 65 on Friday. Bjork has gone 65, 67 to leave both on 10 under. Thomas Aiken bagged the round of the day, a nine-under-par 62.
The TPP was signed by 12 countries which together cover 40% of the world's economy, but has not yet been ratified. Asia-Pacific leaders meeting at an economic summit in Peru over the weekend pledged to pursue free trade deals despite Mr Trump's opposition. Time will tell whether and to what extent the
Lara Clarke, from Walsall, won the award at the Cake International contest. Her cake, inspired by Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence, is 5ft 10in tall. Ms Clarke previously triumphed with a life-sized Johnny Depp cake.
Charity says EU's "dogged determination to turn its back on refugee crisis" Under the plan, migrants arriving in Greece will be sent back to Turkey. In return, Turkey will receive aid and political concessions. EU leaders have welcomed the agreement, but Angela Merkel warned of legal challenges.
Pupils at Holy Cross Primary School in north Belfast were caught up in a violent dispute in 2001. Hundreds of loyalist protesters tried to block the main route taken by the children and their parents on their walk to class. The three-month protest was sparked by a local dispute between Catholic and Protestant residents in Ard
Adolf Hitler's anti-Semitic book Mein Kampf has been banned since WW2. Munich's Institute of Contemporary History is to publish a new edition. Historians say the book helps academics understand what happened in the Nazi era.
Noss Primary in Wick is closed until 30 May following a burst pipe. Local MSP Gail Ross said it was "a saving grace" that pupils were having lunch. Highland Council said the school was closed "due to a significant failure"
Mr Jones yn ymgyrchu i Brydain adael yr UE cyn y refferendwm y llynedd.
Corinthians say there is not enough time to sign Carlos Tevez. Manchester City thought they had agreed a £40m deal for the striker. Corinthians hinted they may try to revive the deal in January.
Kristina Rady, a respected Hungarian arts director and Cantat's wife, hanged herself in 2010. Revelations about the telephone recording have led magistrates in Bordeaux to re-open the investigation into Rady's suicide. Campaigners on behalf of victims of marital violence say there is a clear legal
Geraint Thomas won the Tour de France with a time of 4:53:10. Team Sky's Marcel Kittel came third with Chris Froome sixth.
Sean Corrigan, 31, was found at a flat in St Mary's Garden. He later died in hospital. Post mortem results indicated he may have died in suspicious circumstances.
Mr Abe will be accompanied by US President Barack Obama. It is the first visit by the leaders of both countries since the attack. The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbour killed 2,300 US servicemen.
Team Sky's Gianni Moscon used racially abusive language towards FDJ's Kevin Reza. Moscon apologised and rode in Sunday's final stage. Team Sky chose not to withdraw Moscon following discussions with FDJ.
Many websites illegally sell Ritalin and Modafinil without a valid prescription. The drugs can cause dependency, heart problems and psychosis. So far this year, the MHRA has closed nearly 5,000 websites selling fake or unlicensed medicines.
Fighting between Muslims and Christians in CAR has driven nearly a million people from their homes. Currently about 4,000 African troops and 1,600 French troops are trying to prevent more bloodshed in CAR.
Clarkson could make his St Mirren debut against Alloa on Saturday. The 30-year-old scored nine goals for Dundee last season. Clarkson has made almost 400 senior appearances at club level.
Fernando Torres scored crucial goal on 72 minutes. Antoine Griezmann put Atletico ahead and Denis Cheryshev equalised. Valencia had Anderlan Santos sent off on 80 minutes before Yannick Carrasco completed the scoring.
Players and coaches left their base at the Vale Resort, Vale of Glamorgan, on Saturday and headed to Cardiff Airport. After a send-off from pupils from Ysgol Treganna, the team took off for a friendly in Sweden on Sunday.
Manchester United host Everton in Wayne Rooney's testimonial match. The game will be available to 1.7 billion people on the platform worldwide. Proceeds from the broadcast will be distributed to his four chosen charities.
Some commentators feel the new constitution will further divide Egyptian society. But some in the press have hailed the referendum's results. They also commented on the country's worsening economy instead.
Chinese-made aircraft went down in the Andaman Sea on 7 June. Investigators found the pilot had lost control after entering thick storm cloud. Ice had formed on the wings and sudden crosswinds had led the plane to stall.
Peter Gillespie, 64, was part of a plot to bring two million doses of counterfeit drugs from China to the UK. He was convicted of conspiring to defraud pharmaceutical wholesalers, pharmacists and members of the public.
Jim Nicholson was speaking in the chamber when he saw Michael Barnier 'twiddling with his telephone' The Armagh MEP suggested Mr Barnier "actually listen to the speech" The Belfast Telegraph reports that three cats who have made the grounds of Stormont their home are the latest victims of the political collapse.
Hogmanay is a Scottish word that means 'new year' Celebrations begin at the end of December and last for three days. Fires were lit to ward off 'evil spirits' and celebrate the arrival of Winter Solstice.
Vauxhall Corsa struck pedestrian in Dartford at 18:07 GMT. Man, 22, and woman, 20, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
The bears batted it around until their sharp claws eventually popped it. Xaviera Simons was visiting the safari park when she filmed the moment.
Historic Scotland said an accurate site was needed for inclusion on its list. Locations suggested in the past include Dunning in Perthshire, Carpow in Fife, Bennachie in Aberdeenshire and Culloden in the Highlands.
Brendan Rogers needed 14 stitches in his lip after a challenge by Tyrone's Tiernan McCann at the start of the game. Rogers was named in midfield for the McKenna Cup final. Derry manager Liam Barton expects Rogers to be out of action for a couple of more weeks.
50 Environment Agency flood warnings are currently in place. More than 160 lower-level flood alerts have been issued across England. Flooding continues to cause severe disruption on some roads.
Snoop Dogg pretends to shoot a clown dressed as the US president. Florida Senator Marco Rubio said Snoop should not have done it. Mr Rubio lost the Republican primary in his home state to Donald Trump.
One giant turbine has already been moved into place, while four more wait in readiness in a Norwegian fjord. By the end of the month they'll all have been towed to 15 miles off Peterhead, Aberdeenshire. The price of energy from bottom-standing offshore wind farms has plummeted 32% since 2012
Francesco Molinari leads after the first round of the Masters. American Dustin Johnson is four shots behind the Italian. Johnson withdrew on the first tee after falling on stairs in his rental home.
The death of the print edition was caused by falling advertising revenues. Editor Tina Brown described it as "a new chapter" for the magazine.
Russian government expects a 0.8% decline in GDP next year, compared with 0.6% GDP growth in 2014 as a whole. Russia's economy has been hit by the oil price slump and Western sanctions. The rouble has lost half its value against the dollar this year.
Home secretary says killing a police officer is 'to attack the fundamental basis of our society' But she stressed that police must end 'frivolous' accident claims. Police Federation urged her not to base legislation on behaviour of officers.
Rock-solid Labour areas will become political battlegrounds during the next week. Every vote in a referendum counts as the entire UK. The Valleys feature prominently in the areas that Vote Leave will be focusing on.
Steven McIvor, 32, was one of two thieves who targeted the Letterbox Bistro in Balerno Main Street. He was found guilty after trial at the High Court in Glasgow. His co-accused Eddie Moffat, 27, was acquitted of the robbery charge.
56-year-old man had to be placed in medically-induced coma after attack. Gregor Thomson, 26, was arrested on Tuesday and charged with attempted murder. He was remanded in custody until a hearing next week.
The 22-year-old has been told by the team doctor he needs time to recover. Omeruo was first called up by Nigeria in January 2013. He joined Chelsea from Belgian side Standard Liege in 2012.
MoD study said amphibious assault ship HMS Ocean was the most effective helicopter platform.
Think tank's UK growth forecast for 2016 has been cut from 2.3% to 1.9%. Its forecast for GDP growth for 2018 was slashed from 2.4% to 1.4%. The drop in the value of the pound could bolster exports by 3.4% next year.
Both players could make their Rovers debut at Accrington on Saturday. Mason, 19, a junior player with Real Madrid, is yet to make a first-team appearance for Villa. Houghton, 20, had loan spells with Gillingham and Plymouth last term.
Labour leader says his party would invest in infrastructure but expect action on low wages and workers' rights. He told the CBI that Labour's planned "national investment bank" would boost lending to small and medium-size firms. Tories said Labour only offered "spending, borrowing and taxing"
Both men resigned in 2014 after a series of allegations were made by Sgt McCabe in 2007 and 2008. The judge rejected Mr McCabe's allegations of corruption against the former commissioner, calling them "hurtful" The report also found that the former Justice minister Alan Shatter had handled the sergeant's complaints in an "
Brook House holds almost 400 adult male asylum seekers, illegal immigrants and foreign national offenders. Home Office said it did not want to detain people for longer than necessary. But inspectors could not identify why periods of detention had lengthened.
Gatland won a first clean sweep in his maiden Six Nations as coach in 2008. He guided Wales to a second Grand Slam in 2012 after narrowly missing out on the 2011 World Cup final. Wales hold the record of Championship victories - 26 outright and 12 shared.
Monty finished tied for third at the Scottish Open. He needs to finish in the top four to qualify for the Open at Royal Troon. There are three qualifying places up for grabs.
Chelsea captain John Terry was sent off in his side's FA Cup win over Peterborough. Terry's foul brought a straight red card, but as it was not violent conduct and he has not been dismissed before this season, he faces a one-game ban. If any Chelsea appeal not be successful,
The man was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition. The southbound stretch was closed after the crash and reopened at about 10:00.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton wants a squad of 21-22 players next season. The Reds avoided relegation to League One after beating Ipswich 3-0 on Sunday. Blackburn Rovers were relegated despite their 3-1 victory at Brentford.
NSPCC chief urges makers to add safety measures before UK release. Says adults could use app to prey on children.
Andrew Jones, 34, left Reg Stocking lying in a pool of blood in West Bromwich. A jury at Wolverhampton Crown Court also found him guilty of a burglary. He was remanded into custody to await sentencing on 4 December.
34,670 students travelled from outside the European Union (EU) to study in Scotland in 2014. But PwC said the overall experience of foreign students is compromised by the UK's complex immigration system. The auditors call on the UK government to improve its data collection around migration.
David Scully headed Harps ahead in first-half injury-time. Former Derry player Ryan Curran doubled the lead on 75 minutes. Rory Patterson replied for Derry in injury time.
Local Government Association says 80,716 new secondary places will be required. Department for Education says it has provided councils with the funding they need. LGA said the crunch in primary schools meant that 130,000 extra places were needed before September 2017.
It will connect the A4232 at the Queensgate roundabout with the Ocean Way roundabout in Tremorfa. The Eastern Bay Link Road was part of a deal in 2014 between Labour and the Liberal Democrats to pass the Welsh Government's budget. Work on it started in March 2016 and First Minister Carwyn
Ordinary Egyptians appear to be losing their fear of confrontation with the security forces. There have been bloody clashes all over Cairo and in some of Egypt's main cities. Opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei was swiftly moved inside the gates of a mosque as clashes began.
McClure said she and her mother had been told they could have a free ride. She said the conductor was unswayed when she presented the plaque. Nottingham Express Transit said it was an "unfortunate misunderstanding"
Lily Allen said she was not angry with stalker Alex Gray. The 30-year-old started pursuing the star by sending abusive rants. He was eventually charged by police after an incident last October. Gray's mother Michelle said she had tried to get help for her son for years.
Sussex PCC said emergency services would have increased duty to collaborate. But West Sussex County Council said it already had an excellent model. East Sussex's fire authority said it would co-operate with the PCC.
Castle MacLellan Foods to receive support from parent company Kavli. The funds will be used to expand and streamline production areas. Improvements will also be made to the storage facilities, amenities and services.
A 29-year-old man was attacked at the Gorsbal venue's Island Bar. He was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital but was released after treatment. His attacker was white, in his late teens to early 20s, between 5ft 7in and 6ft tall.
Serbian FA charged with alleged racist chanting by fans and both associations over the behaviour of players at the end of the game. The cases will be discussed at the next ordinary hearing of the Uefa Control and Disciplinary Body on 22 November. Violent scenes erupted shortly after Connor Wickham scored in the 90th minute to
The Management Group are countersuing Depp for $25m (£20m) They say the star spent more than $75m (£59.6m) on 14 homes. They also claim he needed 12 storage facilities to house his memorabilia.
Derbyshire director of cricket Kim Barnett is delighted with Wright's appointment. Wright won the Indian Premier League with Mumbai Indians. The 62-year-old will work closely with Barnett and will focus on shortest form of the game.
Dr Barry Morgan is set to retire on 31 January - his 70th birthday. He has been at the head of the Church in Wales for nearly 14 years. During that time he has supported numerous causes, including gay marriage.
UK cabinet committee will meet for the first time on Wednesday. Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones called for a convention on the UK. He said the union cannot be rebuilt through conversation between only Westminster and Scotland.
The 20-year-old has come through the academy at the Premier League club. He played for the under-23 side in the EFL Trophy.
Welsh Premier League leaders join Scottish Championship trio Dundee United, Queen of the South and St Mirren in Monday's draw. Robbie Parry slotted the Welsh visitors into a half time lead as the rain lashed down in West Lothian. Steven Saunders doubled the advantage from close range on 58 minutes before Quigley curled in a wonderful
Surrey County Council leader said the government had cut its annual grant by £170m since 2010. David Hodge said the council had to set a budget for 2017-18 that would protect vital services. Opposition councillors said the increase would be unaffordable for many residents.
Kenyan government shut 13 Somalia-linked firms in April. It said it wanted to prevent militant Islamists from using them to finance attacks. Somalis around the world rely heavily on the firms to do business.
Dagenham & Redbridge lost 3-2 to Leyton Orient in the Vanarama Conference. The Daggers needed victory to keep their slim survival hopes alive. Goals from Jamie Cureton and Clevid Dikamona gave them hope. But Armand Gnanduillet fired in the winner to relegate Dagenham.
Italian unemployment rises to 9.2% in January, the highest since records began. Spain continues to have the highest unemployment rate in the euro area at 23.3%. Austria has the lowest rate of unemployment at 4%.
Russia sent a flotilla to the eastern Mediterranean ahead of air strikes in Syria. Nato said it was monitoring the ships in a "measured and responsible way" There was no confirmation of the Russian military's claim of an incident.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes is the bookmakers' favourite to take over at Rangers. Mark Warburton left the club last week after less than a season in charge. Aberdeen are currently second in the Scottish Premiership.
The West Yorkshire city was praised for holding several curry-themed events. Glasgow finished second and Brighton came in third in the competition. Leicester and Birmingham finished fourth and fifth respectively.
Drag Me Down is One Direction's first single as a foursome since Zayn Malik left. The track broke streaming records, earning the highest first-week streams for a single in the UK.
Syrian army backed by Russian air power has made gains in Aleppo province. The advance threatens to encircle the city, Syria's largest, landing a major blow to the rebels. Nato has accused Russia of "undermining" Syrian peace efforts through its strikes. Russia insists it only targets what it calls terrorists
Francisco Blake Mora was one of the president's right-hand men. He was key figure in the war against drug cartels. President Calderon said weather conditions were probably to blame.
Kenyans are voting in their first election since 2007 violence left more than 1,000 dead. The presidential contest is seen as a two-horse race between Raila Odinga and Uhuru Kenyatta. In Kibera, one of Nairobi's largest slums, the mood was up-beat as voters queued patiently.
The traditional Tuesday and Wednesday slot will be set aside. The first leg coincides with the 'Twelfth' marches in Northern Ireland. Linfield must first defeat La Fiorita of San Marino in a first-round clash.
Airport will close to all traffic at 20:00 GMT and reopen 48 hours later. During the works, about 50,000 tonnes of material will be laid on the 2.9km runway. Airport bosses said completing the refurbishment over several weekends was the "best way to avoid major disruption"
Man, 31, approached Police Community Support Officers guarding a cordon in Plymouth. Devon and Cornwall Police said it was believed he was assaulted in nearby Exmouth Road. Two men, aged 58 and 46, were arrested on suspicion of assault causing GBH with intent.
Carmen Beckford was the first black recipient of an MBE in the South West. She helped set up the St Pauls Carnival in 1967 and campaigned for racial equality. Miss Beckford died at a care home in Bristol earlier this week.
The 32-year-old has agreed a two-year contract with the Rams. Davies made 29 appearances for Hull last season. Derby finished ninth, 13 points outside the Championship play-off places.
New breed of celebrity book clubs has taken off online and in stores. Stars such as Emma Watson and Florence Welch encourage people to read. The Reading Agency says two thirds of people would like to read more.
Mr Wallace, 37, was accused of harassment over two dates in May last year. The couple had split after 11 years of marriage, with the ex-rugby star moving out of the family home in east Belfast. Mr Wallace capped 30 times in an international career.
Nic White will join from French Top 14 side Montpellier. White, 26, has 22 international caps. He has also previously played Super Rugby in his homeland for Brumbies.
Burundi was plunged into its worst crisis since the end of a civil war in 2005. In June 2013 President Nkurunziza approved a new media law. The law forbids reporting on matters that could "undermine national security"
Mark Drakeford has apologised for scandal at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Bodelwyddan. It followed a damning report into what went on with families saying patients were treated like animals in a zoo. He said the embarrassment to the Welsh government was the "least important part" of it all.
Scotland are second bottom of their World Cup qualifying group. They lost 3-0 to England at Wembley last week. Strachan would not be drawn on his future.
The 24-hour industrial action is part of an ongoing dispute. It is over staffing and the role of conductors. Merseyrail said a strike coinciding with the Grand National would damage Liverpool's reputation.
Kabul has witnessed a series of suicide attacks and explosions in the past few months. Saturday evening's concert was originally scheduled to be held in Ghazi stadium. But the authorities said they could not guarantee security at that venue. Ms Sayeed, described by her fans as Afghanistan's Kim Kardashian,
Woman stopped in front of a police car on the A38 near Newmarket. She had been driving towards Newmarket on the westbound carriageway.
Report said 29% of the UK population was aware of Olympiad and festival. Figure rose to over 40% in London. Liverpool University study said Olympiad helped enhance perception of Britain abroad. But one arts expert has questioned how effectively the message came across.
Swansea winger Dyer limped off against Leicester on Sunday. The 29-year-old will have surgery in due course. Jefferson Montero and Mo Barrow also out for Paul Clement's side.
The 22-year-old headed home from a corner as he scored just his fourth goal in 33 appearances this season. Dover are three points behind Tranmere in sixth, with three games in hand, while Welling remain nine points adrift of safety.
With a 2% fall, Wal-Mart was one of the big losers. Analysts said the market appears to be winding down before the holiday period.
Northumberland County Council said the weather was now warm enough for its Jetpatcher machines to tackle the holes. It is hoped that 145 potholes each day will be "filled in" over the next four months. Extra staff will also be out repairing drainage systems damaged by heavy rain and to clear debris from gutters
Kevin Paddick, 34, is accused of killing Danny Myers, 23, from Enfield. Mr Myers died in hospital after he was stabbed at an address in St Osyth. A 29-year-old woman from Clacton, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, has been released.
Witnesses said the man had threatened the group if they did not get dressed. When they refused, he allegedly pulled out a rifle and started firing. The injured woman, reportedly in her thirties, was hit in the thigh.
A Chinese woman launched an "Armpit Hair Competition" on Weibo. She asked women to share why they chose not to shave their armpits. You have been sharing your thoughts via @BBC_HaveYourSay.
Richard Parks had been attempting to become the first person to take blood and muscle samples at the summit. The 38-year-old was climbing without using supplemental oxygen. He has returned to Wales after becoming at "high risk of life-threatening complications"
Sisi has faced heavy criticism over his executive decision to give away the Red Sea islands. The uninhabited islands have been under Egyptian control since 1950. At least 80 people were arrested in Cairo and Alexandria, officials said.
The company said the move will hit next year's profit by about £15m. In addition, if the pound averages $1.20 over the financial year, it may lose another £20m. Shares in Sports Direct closed down 9% on Friday.
Sheeran will appear in the new series of Top Gear on Sunday. He recorded the opening episode at Dunsfold Aerodrome in Surrey. Kiefer Sutherland and Will Smith will also appear in new series.
Former UKIP leader will provide political analysis for Fox News. He has been one of the UK's most prominent supporters of US President Trump. Farage travelled to Washington for Mr Trump's inauguration on Friday.
Royal College of Surgeons says 450,000 patients are waiting for treatment. The RCS says people are living longer and the NHS is treating more patients. But the Welsh government said waiting times have been cut since devolution.
Mohammed Haji Sadiq taught Koran Studies at Cardiff's Madina mosque. He is accused of eight offences of sexual assault of a child under 13 by touching and seven offences of indecent assault. Alleged offences said to have taken place between 1996 and 2006.
British No 1 Johanna Konta beat Kristyna Pliskova 6-4 6-7 (11-13) 6-3. Konta's next opponent will be Katerina Siniakova, who beat Nina Stojanovic 6-3 6-4.
Chinese archaeologists have arrived in Kenya to search for wreck of Zheng He's ship. Zheng made seven epic voyages, reaching south-east Asia, the Middle East, and Africa. Wreck is believed to have been part of Zheng's armada, which reached Malindi in 1418.
Griffiths impressed despite Dragons' 21-16 Pro12 defeat by Scarlets. Wales face Tonga and Samoa in June and Jones believes it will be the perfect opportunity for Griffiths to gain international experience. "I'd like to think they'll have a look at him," said Jones.
The British Racing Drivers' Club says it cannot afford to host the race. Silverstone signed a 17-year contract with Bernie Ecclestone back in 2009. But the deal had a 5% annual escalator and a break clause after 2019. The fee has now gone up sufficiently that Silverstone cannot continue to hold the race and
The Charles Dickens Museum in London has been given the grant to buy the desk and chair. They had been passed down through the Dickens family after his death in 1870. Dickens used the desk in his final home in Gad's Hill Place in Kent.
Islamists from the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party and the Salafist Nour party, which dominate parliament, have a near-majority. Liberals and secularists fear some of them would like to amend the constitution so that it follows the principles of Islamic law more strictly. Once the assembly has produced
Law will come into force on 1 June, in time for the World Cup in Brazil. Incidents such as Mario Balotelli's "Why Always Me?" message will be banned. Law 4 of the game, which relates to players' equipment, will be amended.
Somerset's Dom Bess took 6-28 on his County Championship debut on Tuesday. Bess now has the best figures by a Somerset debutant for 55 years. The 19-year-old was 6-65 for Devon in the Minor Counties Championship a month ago.
The commission is investigating tax deals granted to US companies for setting up headquarters in Europe. Next month the EU is expected to deliver its decision on Apple. Apple could be hit with a multi-billion pound bill for unpaid taxes.
Striker Lily Owsley, 21, will make her Games debut. Barry Middleton has been named in the GB men's squad for the fourth time. The Rio Games run from 5 to 21 August.
schemes totalling £36m for north Wales announced by ministers last week. They include plans to revamp Newport and Bridgend centres and make properties in Pontypridd energy efficient.
Petition.parliament.uk is designed to help people get issues on the political agenda. E-petitions will initially be considered by a cross-party committee of MPs. The first e-petition tabled called for increased taxes on foreigners buying UK property.
Dr Venter's efforts in the field of human genomics have undeniably helped speed up the process. After the publication of the human genome, he turned his attention to the creation of a synthetic life form. Scientists at the US-based J Craig Venter Institute have been busily working on the endeavour for more
A ward closed at Truro's hospital on Monday because of an outbreak of Norovirus. People are being urged to avoid A&E unless absolutely necessary. In February, the trust declared a "black alert" for about a week.
Media playback is not supported on this device. Team GB had opened their campaign with a comfortable 31-7 win over Kenya. GB only just maintained their 100% start to the tournament when they met Japan.
In domestic terms, Mrs May is hoping for a strong, clear and personal mandate. But in European terms, that's something of a secondary issue. Michel Barnier is going to have to deal with whoever is in residence in 10 Downing Street.
Keith Baker, 60, admitted the rape and assault of the woman over eight years. His wife Caroline, 54, admitted she helped him and indecently assaulted the woman herself. The couple will be sentenced on 2 December.
The fund will offer grants for individuals to acquire specialised skills. Nicola Sturgeon was meeting industry leaders in Aberdeen. Also announced was £12.5m of Scottish Enterprise funding.
The Welsh Government has agreed to sign over some land near Pembrey Country Park. It will be used to stage competitive cycle sports as well as recreational events, coaching and training.
Robber struck security guard, 57, outside Tesco in Shettleston. He made off in a small white car, later found burnt out nearby. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Two sites at Margam near Port Talbot and East Pit near Ammanford are to be cleaned up. Celtic Energy transferred ownership of the mines to a firm in the Caribbean. Serious Fraud Office accused six people including two former directors of trying to avoid paying restoration costs.
Ar un adeg roedd deg person tn yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i'w codi uwchben er mwyn ceisio diffoddiwi y fflamau.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 3-0 in their Premier League clash. Jose Mourinho was making his first return to Stamford Bridge since he was sacked in December 2015. Pedro, Gary Cahill and N'Golo Kante scored for the hosts.
Dev Patel, Jack O'Connell and Kaya Scodelario all found success after starring in Skins. Co-creator Bryan Elsley said they held open auditions to find the right people. Piers Wenger, head of drama at Channel 4, said unconventional approaches to casting are becoming more common.
Force backed down from policy of arming some officers for routine duties. Assistant Chief Constable Bernie Higgins gave evidence at Holyrood. He said armed officers were among the best trained in the force. But he accepted police intelligence could sometimes get it wrong.
On Thursday the European Central Bank cut in an interest rate that is already below zero. The ECB's deposit rate, which applies to money parked overnight by commercial banks, is now minus 0.4%. These negative rates are the policy decisions taken by a handful of central banks. But the phenomenon has also
Police were called to Manchester park on Saturday. Officers responded to reports of a girl being raped. Boy was arrested in a nearby shop.
The Legend of Barney Thomson will open the 69th Edinburgh International Film Festival. The Robert Carlyle film stars Emma Thompson and Ray Winstone. Tickets for the film's public screening at Edinburgh's Festival Theatre go on sale on Wednesday.
Staff at Loch of the Lowes fear former resident Lady may be dead. The venerable osprey laid almost 70 eggs and reared 50 chicks at the reserve. Her mate of recent years, known as Laddie, has mated with the new female.
European Commission president says PM wants to stay in the EU. Jose Manuel Barroso says free movement of EU citizens is essential. But he says an "arbitrary cap" on migration would not be in line with rules. Tory chairman Grant Shapps says Mr Barroso is "out of touch
BP's Statistical Review of World Energy said global energy consumption "slowed sharply" to an increase of just 0.9% in 2014. BP said slow growth for energy demand was largely due to China's economy moving away from "energy-intensive sectors" It said increased US shale supply was a "continuing revolution
Investigation being held into failure to return babies' ashes to bereaved parents. Emstrey Crematorium's head David Jenkins said at least 60 families had been affected. Justice and Civil Liberties Minister Simon Hughes said national standard could begin as soon as the Shropshire inquiry concludes.
The 23-year-old is still recovering from the injury he suffered in October. Cockerill is confident he will return in time to play at the World Cup. England kick off their tournament against Fiji at Twickenham on 18 September.
Igor Dodon, head of the Party of Socialists (PSRM), is riding a wave of public discontent. Moldova has moved closer to the European Union in the past seven years. He blames widespread corruption on the pro-EU parties which have ruled Moldova.
Carlisle boss Keith Curle has a year to run on his current deal. The Cumbrians were beaten by Exeter in the League Two play-offs. Curle will meet with the board to discuss the club's plans next week.
Ordnance Survey maps only refer to Black Rock Sands near Porthmadog by that name. But it is also know locally as Traeth Morfa Bychan - after the village next to the shoreline.
Grace Taylor was uncontactable since 16 February, her mother said. She filed a missing person report to Dorset Police on 21 February. On 22 February, Ms Taylor contacted her family, who booked her a flight home.
South Wales Police has arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with the incident. The man's injuries were not life-threatening, said police.
First minister said Tory conference announcements on immigration had been'sinister' He urged Welsh Labour to "fight for the soul of post- Brexit Britain" Tory leader Andrew RT Davies described the comments as 'ludicrous'
The head of Queen's University says a rise in fees is needed to bridge a £100m gap. Prof Patrick Johnston tells Inside Business a return to public funding is also needed. Inside Business is on BBC Radio Ulster and Radio Foyle at 13:30 BST on Sunday.
Dog walkers were previously allowed to walk up to six charges. This has been curbed with the new Public Spaces Protection Order. Similar fines are in place in other areas including Oxford.
Gary Hoy was abused by two men who were subsequently convicted. There have been allegations that a paedophile ring at Kincora was linked to the British intelligence services.
Brothers Jason Russell, 28, and Darren, 26, and friend Daniel Hughes, 36, were trekking in a remote area when the quake struck. They were rescued on Thursday after an earlier attempt to find them failed. The were taken to a military base in Kathmandu to await their flight home.
Wales men and women's hockey teams have been promoted to the A Division. The men lost out to Scotland in the final of the Euro Hockey Championship II. But the women narrowly missed out after losing to Russia in the semi-final. Coach Paul Clements says it is a "huge achievement" for
Donegal set up a semi-final meeting with holders Monaghan. Sean Quigley's penalty was saved by Mark Anthony McGinley. Neil McGee was sent off for a retaliatory punch on Ruairi Corrigan.
Martin has scored seven goals in 17 appearances for Fulham this term. Derby manager Steve McClaren said he was surprised Martin was allowed to leave the club.
Over the past five years, an estimated 70,000 people have moved to the gold fields. Men worked in the mines 24 hours a day, but it was clear the operation was unregulated. Ugandan government issued a statement blaming the shutdown on unsafe mining practices. The miners say the vast majority of people living in the
Chancellor says the economy is showing "clear signs" of shock following vote to leave EU. The target had been the chancellor's most prized goal and had been driving austerity measures in previous budgets. BBC business editor Kamal Ahmed says the target was heading for the "Treasury shredding machine"
Sepp Blatter said last year he was standing down amid a growing corruption crisis. Five candidates want to replace him, including Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim al-Khalifa, Gianni Infantino, Prince Ali bin al-Hussein, Tokyo Sexwale and Jerome Champagne. The election process is expected
Paul Kohler, 55, needed facial reconstruction surgery after the attack. Mariusz Tomaszewski, 32, and Pawel Honc, 24, received 19 years each. Oskar Pawlowicz, 30, and Dawid Tychon, 29, admitted aggravated burglary. Judge Susan Tapping told Kingston Crown Court they targeted Mr Kohler'
Super League semi-finals to take place on 28 and 29 July. Hull FC play Salford Red Devils, who are second in the table. Last season's Super League champions Wigan are down in eighth.
Councils approved 1,584 applications from people with convictions in 2014. More than 1,200 taxi-related complaints were received by councils last year. But the Scottish Taxi Federation said the public should not be concerned.
The 71-year-old opened the Alimony Tour in Cambridge on Tuesday. The Daily Mail said he had become "rueful - even, in the true sense of the word, pathetic" Comedy website Chortle said Cleese was "pleading penury" and had been "forced out on the
Macheda has not started a Championship match this season. The 24-year-old ex-Manchester United forward will stay at the City Ground until the end of the season. Forest midfielder David Vaughan has signed a one-year contract.
We've learned a lot about the end of the journey, the slave camps and mass graves. But what we haven't heard so much about is how these journeys begin. We travelled to southern Bangladesh, where many of the migrants set off on their perilous voyages. What we have discovered brings a
Karen Munro regularly photographs the aurora near her home in Caithness. She set up a camera to capture footage for a time lapse of the Northern Lights through a window while she slept. Ms Munro said the footage was "burnt out" in places due to the aurora "being so strong"
Alexis Scott, 39, tricked people into thinking they had too much cash on them. She was convicted of six counts of theft and one count of misfeasance. Scott, of High Grove, London, was told she preyed on victims' "panic"
HK Ultramarathon saw competitors cover the same stretch of road 25 times. Nestor Wong won the event in 3:24:20. Ahead of the race, local runners criticised the course.
distribution and packaging services to be taken over by Northampton-based provider. Pontyclun support office will move to head office in London.
Digital technologies offer potential to tackle some of Africa's chronic education challenges. These include overcrowded classrooms, teacher shortages and the 30 million children without any education at all. Publishers are finding new ways to reach young audiences and develop their burgeoning minds.
Nicole Clark used her mother Avril Stewart's bank details to set up online accounts. The 30-year-old admitted stealing the money between 8 August and 26 August last year.
Official data showed the US economy added 209,000 jobs last month. Analysts said the latest jobs report meant the Federal Reserve was still on track to raise interest rates later this year. Goldman Sachs was among the biggest winners on the Dow, rising 2.6%.
Government figures claim there have been 13,100 more nurses since 2010. But this is only true if you look at nurses working on acute, elderly or general wards. Overall number of nurses working in the NHS fell by 10,000 between 2010 and 2012. Then went back up by 15,000 between 2012 and 2017, resulting in
Staff were told on Tuesday that the city centre business had gone into liquidation with the loss of 53 jobs. It was opened by Thomas Austin in 1830 and is thought to have been one of the oldest stores in Europe. One worker, Toni McNally, has been employed by the business for her entire working life
The service is available to Three customers travelling to the Republic of Ireland, Australia, Italy, Austria, Hong Kong, Sweden and Denmark. Analysts say that other operators of mobile phone networks are likely to follow Three's lead.
Hannah Witheridge and David Miller were found dead on Koh Tao on Monday. Forensic tests revealed traces of semen from two different men. Police had said there was'strong evidence' against Burmese suspects. But now say there is no DNA matches and brothers Christopher and James Ware are no longer suspects
Johnson shocked Westminster by pulling out of the Tory leadership race. He said: "It's going to be up to someone else now"
The Virtual Doctors charity uses the expertise of volunteer doctors in the UK. It provides direct and individual support for health workers in Zambia. The virtual doctors are now supporting health services for almost a million people.
Abdul Hafidah, 18, died in hospital from a stab wound to the neck after the attack. Police believe he had been chased by a group of men before he was hit by a car. His family said they were experiencing "the most difficult time in our lives"
Hotel Chocolat has 81 shops, eight cafes, two restaurants, and a hotel. Co-founder and CEO Peter Thirlwell says he was inspired by his father's business. The firm's "Signature Cabinet" has three drawers full of chocolates.
Islamic tradition requires the dead to be buried as soon as possible, unless an autopsy is required. The body, shrouded in a white sheet and placed in a weighted bag, was then positioned on a flat board, tipped up, and eased into the Arabian Sea.
Miners rebound as investors look for bargains following recent falls. Sentiment was also helped by upbeat economic data from China. The two firms topped the FTSE 100's risers board, with the index up 28.67 points at 6,715.24.
The 66-year-old, of Ballybinaby, Hackballscross, County Louth, faces nine tax charges. Prosecutors claim he had significant dealings in cattle and land and received farming grants but failed to submit tax returns for nine years. Defence lawyers claim that their client's brother, Patrick
600,000 small firms will not have to pay business rates from next April. 250,000 smaller firms will also pay lower rates. George Osborne said corporation tax would be cut to 17% by 2020.
Williams, who took Cuthbert's place on the wing during the Six Nations, will miss Wales' first two warm up matches following foot surgery. Wales head coach Warren Gatland is "optimistic" Williams, 24, will recover in time to take part in the World Cup.
Nottinghamshire Outlaws have signed Dan Christian for next T20 season. The 33-year-old averaged 41 with a strike-rate of 159.51 in 2016. Christian captained the side during this year's tournament.
Body of Lindsay Rimer, 13, was found in the Rochdale Canal in 1994. Five months after she disappeared in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. West Yorkshire Police are treating the death as murder. Force said a new DNA profile had been identified.
McGinty played 13 times for the Conference club after joining on loan in February. Phil Smith, 35, has agreed a new one-year contract with the club.
Gymnast broke his left tibia and fibia after landing on concrete floor. Bevan won team silver at the World Championships in Glasgow last month. British Gymnastics' medical team is expected to issue more information on the teenager's injury on Tuesday.
Two Palestinians reported killed by troops after Friday prayers. One alleged assailant in the West Bank, the other in Gaza. Tension remains despite the end of a stand-off at the holy site. Palestinians returned to hilltop site known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif.
French government said Booking.com had a base in France and was obliged to pay taxes. The company said the majority of funds being sought are penalties.
TfL announced a public consultation process to decide how the city's private hire trade should be regulated. Proposals include improving the driving and English language skills of drivers. Uber said that the proposals would raise prices and add to congestion in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans recorded a time of 55 minutes 40 seconds to take the yellow jersey from Andy Schleck. Germany's Tony Martin won the time-trial from Evans, who moved 1:34 ahead of Schleck in the overall standings.
The children had previously lived in areas controlled by Boko Haram. Details of the children's ages and the length of their detention have not been given. The army has not made any comment.
Murray, 25, who has already secured Rio Olympic qualification, was down in 21st after the fencing round. Strong swimming and run-shoot combined events helped her climb to ninth. She is joined by Great Britain team-mates Kate French, Freyja Prentice and Francesca Summers. Britain will claim the maximum of
More than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown. Hyundai said affected employees who currently own its vehicles will be given a payment relief "for as long as they are out of work" Hyundai had offered a similar scheme, the Hyundai Assurance programme, during the peak of the global financial crisis four years ago
Apple Music performed a U-turn over payment policy a day after Taylor Swift threatened to prevent the US firm from streaming her album 1989. Swift had argued that Apple withholding payments during a three-month trial period was not fair for artists. Photographer Jason Sheldon said the singer herself did not "play fair" when
Jonathan Platt took his children to Disneyland in Florida in April. Isle of Wight Council took him to court after he refused to pay a £120 fine. He won his case after he told magistrates that Section 444 of the Education Act did not put restrictions on holidays.
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis turned away two gay couples seeking marriage licences on Tuesday morning. Ms Davis, who cannot be removed from post because she is an elected official, stayed inside her office with the blinds closed as the couples demanded to see her. She eventually came out, but she said she would not issue
Ukraine finished fourth in the medal table at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics. Rio performance is particularly astonishing given the country's recent history. Country's President described the performance of the Ukrainian Paralympians as 'incredible' Valeriy Sushkevych is credited with much of the success.
The PFNI said it was an "astounding and very worrying state of affairs" A 69-year-old man was arrested in Dartford, Kent, on Sunday. It is understood he retired from the ombudsman's office a number of years ago.
There are now just over 2,100 school patrol officers in Scotland. Stirling Council has reduced its outlay by the highest percentage. West Dunbartonshire cut its spending on patrol services by 40%.
Nikkei 225 closed down 0.4% at 18,916.02, although the index had been as much as 1.6% in earlier trade. Shares in Toshiba fell 9.8% on reports it was expecting record losses for the year to March.
Mayor said the freeze would save the average household £200 over four years. It will not apply to travelcards, monthly Oyster cards or daily caps. Bus and tram tickets, Pay As You Go journeys on the Tube, Docklands Light Railway and TfL rail services will all be frozen.
Former SNP leader said the case for independence needs'refurbishment' He said a better case for the use of the pound would prevent 'gazumped' vote. Had Scotland voted "Yes", the planned independence day would have been 24 March.
opal is valued at nearly A$900,000 (£550,000; $680,000) It was discovered by Walter Bartram in Coober Pedy, South Australia. The opal's two polished faces reveal a kaleidoscope of colours from green to yellow to red.
Deadman's Island lies on the Isle of Sheppey, off the north coast of Kent. The uninhabited mudbank is owned by Natural England, who lease it to two people. Wooden coffins and skeletal remains are sticking out of the mud.
More than 100 UK schools took part on the first News Day. Stories covered included interviews with the main political party leaders. For all the year's News Day stories click here.
Gen Sir Nicholas Houghton said not using nuclear weapons would 'undermine' Britain's deterrent. He said he would be worried if such a view 'translated into power' Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said comments were 'unhelpful'
Edward Enninful is currently the fashion and creative director at W Magazine. The 45-year-old will start his new role on 1 August. Alexandra Shulman announced her departure from Vogue in January.
The e-Delicious machine was created after complaints about Thai food. It measures the balance of six Thai flavours and the food's aroma. But can it actually tell you if the dish is any good?
Researchers examined 74 studies done across the world in the past decade. They concluded that smacking was associated with increased childhood aggression and antisocial behaviour. There was also a "worrying risk" of escalation into physical abuse.
21-year-old prop joined the club this summer under their Player Development Foundation scheme. Chapman spent the 2014-15 season with Plymouth Albion in the Championship.
Yoan Gouffran nets opener from four yards after 33 minutes. Henri Lansbury turns ball into his own net from Jonjo Shelvey's corner. Top scorer Dwight Gayle limps off after recurrence of hamstring injury. Aston Villa winless in their last nine league matches.
Celtic have held talks with former Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers. Rangers manager Mark Warburton worked with Rodgers at Watford. Warburton preparing his side to face Hibernian in Scottish Cup final.
Vikki Thompson, 21, died at HMP Leeds on 13 November. She had been awaiting sentencing for robbery. Her partner Bob Steele said he had been 'robbed of the love of my life'
Thailand's aviation sector joins 12 other developing countries downgraded to Category 2. Country's airlines had to cancel flights and refund or alter thousands of air tickets.
Guardian gives film four stars: "Call off the trolls - Paul Feig's female reboot is a blast" Telegraph: "The mean-spirited reception to the film before anyone had seen it does not seem to have put a dampener on the movie itself" New York Times: "A movie that is a
Margaret Jamieson, 70, from Peebles, suffered fatal injuries in the accident. Two other people - a man and a woman - were seriously injured. Police have urged anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them.
Stamp duty surcharge will lift each band by 3% from April 2016. Buy-to-let landlords will also be hit by a change to Capital Gains Tax rules. Help to Buy scheme in England will be extended to 2021.
The motorway was closed in both directions for several hours. No-one was injured as a result of the blaze. The remaining ethanol is being removed from the vehicle.
The two-year project is one of the first steps towards the main Jurassica attraction. It will see a team of more than 100 volunteers work with conservation experts. Funding for the attraction is being raised through donations, grants and sponsorship from businesses.
BBC's Panorama uncovered safety concerns at Cumbrian nuclear plant. Manx government says it is concerned about "structural integrity of ageing waste storage ponds and silos" Sellafield says the site is safe and has been improved in recent years.
Giannelli Imbula opened the scoring for Stoke City. Ibrahim Afellay and Joselu also on target. Matt Ritchie hits back for Bournemouth. Stoke move up to ninth in the Premier League table.
Gordon Dawson shot himself in 2007 after officers informed him of the inquiry. Lincolnshire Police said "procedures were correctly followed at the time" David claimed Mr Dawson had repeatedly abused him from the age of 15.
The original game was postponed on 26 November because of a frozen pitch. Oldham are next to bottom of the table, three points from safety.
Indian police have registered a case against a French envoy. His Indian wife alleges he sexually abused their three-year-old. The envoy has not been arrested or charged.
Jason Kenny wins gold in the men's 1km time trial. Lewis Oliva (sprint) and Oliver Wood (points) win their finals. Katy Marchant wins the women's keirin.
David Jordan, 44, is accused of the bomb attack on the officer in Castlederg in May 2008. The police officer was driving to start a night shift at a police station when a booby-trap bomb hidden under his car exploded. Mr Jordan is also charged with causing an explosion and belonging or
Pentagon spokesman said fighter and bomber jets and Tomahawk missiles were used in the attack. Obama has promised to try to stop the group and the US has already launched air strikes in Iraq since August.
Colin Lochrie, 31, targeted the aircraft on 28 November 2013. The pilot took evasive action to avoid his vision being impaired. Lochrie was caught after officers were alerted and traced him to his home. He was jailed for 14 months, reduced from 18 months for pleading guilty.
China's exports jumped 21.8% from a year earlier, boosted by strong demand from the US and South East Asia. Analysts said the data may be skewed due to the Lunar New Year, but added that the trend was that of a recovery.
The 32-year-old scored 25 points on Sunday to pass the milestone in his 10th season with the Cavaliers. He now has twice as many points as Zydrunas Ilgauskas, who is second on the team's all-time list with 10,616.
William Dunlop was jailed in 2006 over the 1989 killing of Julie Hogg. It is now alleged he raped one girl and forced himself on to another. He denies three counts of rape and two charges of indecent assault.
Reinhard Heydrich was governor of occupied Bohemia and architect of Final Solution. He was assassinated by British-trained Czech and Slovak troops in May 1942. It inspired John Martin from Mold, Flintshire, to research topic for 40 years.
Iceland's first inhabitants were a small number of Irish monks in the ninth century. The country experiences rapid technological and economic progress. Bobby Fischer's 1972 Reykjavik clash made him a hero in Iceland.
The six male athletes also said they engaged in disruptive behaviour. The admission follows a report that assessed Australia's poor swimming performance. Swimming Australia said the swimmers will face an inquiry panel.
His coffin was carried into the cathedral by members of the cast. William Roache has played Ken Barlow since the first episode in 1960. Julie Goodyear paid a heartfelt tribute to Warren, a friend of 50 years.
Fiji's population is divided between indigenous Fijians and Indo-Fijians. Indigenous Fijians now make up small overall majority. Fiji has been hampered by persistent trade and budget deficits.
SNP signed memorandum of understanding with SinoFortone and CR3. CR3's parent company named in Amnesty report on human rights abuses. Scottish government said opposition parties should be 'ashamed'
The protected bird is a threat to racing pigeons, say police. Four peregrine falcons were found dead in their nest in Gwynedd last month.
Former Scottish first minister Nicola Price travelled to the trade club's headquarters in Switzerland. Members currently include Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein. They are signed up to the free movement of goods, services, capital and people.
Officials in Siberian city of Novosibirsk rule main opposition coalition failed to collect enough valid signatures to take part. The regional ballot is seen by Russia's opposition as a key test in the run-up to next year's parliamentary vote. Three hunger strikers were detained by police and fined for staging
Hampshire closed day one on 18-0 against Somerset at Ageas Bowl. Jimmy Adams (47) and Rilee Rossouw (47) top-score for the hosts. Somerset opener Marcus Trescothick (10 not out) and debutant Eddie Byrom unbeaten on one.
South Africa's Law Reform Commission argues that is unfair. It says holidays from all religions should be treated equally. Some 80% of South Africans are classed as Christian.
Second time life-sized doll has been stolen from the nativity scene in Glasgow. Police Scotland said three males would be reported to the procurator fiscal.
All Progressives Congress ( APC) wins 19 of the 28 governor posts. It is the biggest defeat for the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP) since military ruled ended in 1999. APC leader Muhammadu Buhari will be inaugurated on 29 May.
Everton have been working with Liverpool City Council to find a replacement for Goodison Park, where they have played since 1892. Chief executive Robert Elstone said the plan was at "an early stage"
Shanghai agree £40m deal with Boca Juniors for striker Carlitos Tevez. Shanghai coach Gus Poyet worked with Tevez at Brighton. Tevez won the Premier League with Manchester United and Juventus.
Order is effective for all of England and Wales until 10 May. If Mr Gough contravenes it, he could be imprisoned again. Eastleigh Borough Council and Hampshire Constabulary jointly applied for the order.
Hugh Fraser Foundation pledges £300,000. Sir Cameron Mackintosh Foundation makes £250,000 donation. GSA aims to raise £20m to restore the damaged building.
Wolverhampton Wanderers beat Middlesbrough 1-0 in their Championship opener. Ruben Neves started in midfield for Wolves under new manager Nuno Espirito Santo. Britt Assombalonga denied by goalkeeper John Ruddy late on.
Bristol have lost all seven top-flight games so far this season. Former England and Scotland head coach Robinson has been in charge since 2013. Kicking coach Mark Tainton has been appointed acting head coach.
Bydd Liam Williams yn chwarae ei gm olaf i'r Scarlets gynderfynol yn dilyn penderniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwacyndiad. Bydd ebwydd arall yn r
"Clouds" are not as insubstantial as their name suggests. Unlike their namesake, they can be found and become a target. Researchers have shown how this can provide a route to attacking and hacking a cloud.
Anne Sibert is a professor of economics at Birkbeck, University of London. She is also a former member of the Monetary Policy Committee of the Central Bank of Iceland. Sibert argues that Cyprus' banking system depends for its survival on emergency lending controlled by the ECB.
Duke of Cambridge gives speech at Anglesey's annual agricultural show. It is one of his first public engagements since the birth of his son. He has been based at Anglesey since 2009 but is due to leave next month.
Seven journalists have been killed in the country so far this year. Most were shot by gunmen in broad daylight. Yet virtually all cases of attacks on the press end up unsolved.
China contributed more than half of Yum's $3.6bn revenue during the period.
Northern Ireland will host the Commonwealth Youth Games in 2021. About 1,000 athletes, aged between 14 and 18, will participate in the event. Boxers Carl Frampton and Michael Conlan are among Northern Irish athletes to have previously competed at the Games.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said he and Mr Trump agreed to pull the vote. It became apparent it would not get the minimum of 215 Republican votes needed. Repealing and replacing the programme known as Obamacare was one of Mr Trump's major election pledges.
George and Amal Clooney have welcomed their first child, a boy named Alexander. The actor is said to be sedated and should recover in a few days. Social media has been filled with jokes about the newborn babies.
flyer offered 'free legal support', according to The Times. Leigh Day said it had 'no prior knowledge' of the poster. Firm said it does not represent any survivors of the fire.
HM Inspectorate of Prisons carried out the inspection last autumn. Inspectors said levels of violence had risen since the last inspection. They said not enough was being done to investigate individual violent incidents. Concern was also raised over the "availability of new psychoactive substances"
Lawsuit contends museum uses misleading marketing to deceive visitors. Lawyers say signs in lobby listing price of admission violate 1893 law. Law requires public be admitted free of charge at least five days a week. Museum says its "recommended" policy has been in place for 40 years.
"I will be a progressive president who gets results," Mrs Clinton says. The two Democratic contenders took questions from an audience in New Hampshire. Iowa kicked off the state-by-state election earlier this week.
Alloa are bottom of the Championship, three points adrift of Livingston. Ross will be in the dugout for Saturday's home match against St Mirren.
Excerpts of the interview with Bill O'Reilly, carried out at Mr Trump's Florida home, have been released. Mr Trump said he respected Mr Putin and would prefer to 'get along with him' He said he wanted help from Russia in the fight against 'Islamic terrorism'
The 23-year-old arrived at the Liberty Stadium from Championship side Barnsley in August of 2016. Swansea face Everton needing to win as they fight Premier League relegation. Clement believes Mawson's fine form will help in them stay up.
Woodland Trust says the plans for Hopwas Wood near Tamworth are 'bad for everybody' Lafarge Tarmac says the quarry would cover only a fifth of the wood. Trust says it is the largest threat to an ancient woodland site in England.
The games, in Llanwrtyd Wells, continue every weekend until 29 August. Bog snorkelling has taken place in the town for 31 years. Economy Secretary Ken Skates said it was "a credit to Wales"
A Texas grand jury has agreed a misdemeanour assault charge for family violence, Manziel's lawyer said. Colleen Crowley says he confronted her at a Dallas hotel and hit her as they drove back to Fort Worth.
Nicola Sturgeon rules out holding independence referendum in 2017. Scottish government has already drafted legislation for a referendum. First minister has urged the UK government to negotiate a'soft' EU exit.
Derek Bruder gave evidence at the inquest into the 1989 FA Cup disaster. He said he made his first statement shortly after the disaster and was visited by police the following year. While the meeting left him "confused", he agreed to make changes. The officer concerned, former Insp Matthew Saw
Brandon Lewis said he asked Avon Fire Authority to commission an inquiry into the claims. The government has since ordered its own investigation into the authority. Home Office described allegations as "serious and persistent"
Shanghai Composite closed 2% higher on Friday, but still ended the week down by about 10%. On Thursday, markets in Europe and the US recorded steep losses after trading in China's stock markets closed. There is not enough foreign investment in the Chinese market for it to be a major problem.
Kimi Raikkonen was 0.109 seconds clear of team-mate Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton, with a five-place grid penalty as a result of a gearbox change, was 0.433secs off the pace. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was fifth ahead of Toro Rosso's Max Verstappen.
The bridge was completely closed on Friday and alternative travel plans have been put in place. Extra trains between Fife and Edinburgh have been laid on. 11,000 park and ride spaces have been made available.
Monitor has launched an investigation into Southend University Hospital. The hospital's finances became a concern when a planned £7.8m deficit grew. Hospital blamed the overspend on growth in demand and increased staff recruitment.
Police were called to the A35 at Bloxworth, near Wareham, at about 09:10 BST. Tests are under way to "determine the contents" of the cigarettes.
BBC director of television, Danny Cohen, announced in February that "we're not going to have any more panel shows with no women on them" But Toksvig said having more female hosts would be a better way of ensuring more women are represented on TV.
Norwegian Air Accident Board warns fault detection measures may be inadequate. Airbus Super Puma H225 helicopter crashed on 29 April. Iain Stuart from Aberdeenshire was among those killed in the crash.
Duns, Hawick, Peebles and Selkirk saw numbers rise with a regionwide increase of 1% last year compared with 2015. There was a drop in footfall recorded in Galashiels, Jedburgh, Kelso and Melrose.
Drive will be piloted in Essex, Sussex and South Wales. It is backed by domestic abuse charities SafeLives and Respect. Domestic violence charity Refuge said there was "no evidence" scheme works.
Hallam Amos dislocated his shoulder in 32-8 defeat by Australia. The 22-year-old Dragons wing tweeted: "Operation set for Monday, aiming to be back in February". Wales have already selected Cardiff Blues pair Cory Allen and Tomos Williams as injury replacements.
The two heavyweights will fight for the IBF title and vacant WBA belt. Joshua, 27, is undefeated in 18 fights since turning professional. Klitschko, 41, had his first defeat in 11 years against Tyson Fury in 2015.
Owen and Karl Oyston are seeking £150,000 damages from the Back Henry Street website. Papers were served on Thursday over six alleged defamatory comments. A club spokesman confirmed the legal action.
Mr Gunn's white Ford Focus crashed on the A967 at Garson Farm, Shandwick. Police have appealed for anyone who saw the car between Stromness and Twatt to come forward.
Mayo's Patrick Durcan was sent off for an apparent off-the-ball strike late in the first period of extra time. The Oak Leafers refused to surrender, and pulled back the equalising goal through Mark Lynch to tit it up at 1-12 each and send the tie to extra-time
Steve Smith was expected to miss Kilmarnock's defeat by Aberdeen. The left-back sought the advice of a specialist to help with a hip complaint. Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark was impressed as Smith declared himself fit.
Northern Ireland's Rea finished second after an exciting duel with Davies. Despite not winning for the first time this year, Rea has extended his championship lead to 50 points. Marco Melandri of Italy was third with England's Tom Sykes in fourth place.
Ofqual said this may be because of schools' readiness to find students more time. Students receive extra time because of special needs or disabilities like dyslexia. Last year in GCSE and A-level exams, more than 27,000 independent school students received extra time - representing nearly 20% of all candidates in the sector.
The 23-year-old took part in a Giants trial on Thursday. Burgess said in May he was keen to play in the NFL. Jarryd Hayne left Parramatta Eels to join the San Francisco 49ers.
Andy Butler opened the scoring before further goals from Liam Mandeville and Matty Blair gave Rovers a commanding half-time lead. Tom Pett and Fraser Franks pulled goals back for Stevenage, before Jamie Jones' own goal appeared to end their comeback hopes. Rowan Liburd scored the hosts' third with a minute
In Nepal, you can usually apply for citizenship at the age of 16 as long as your father or mother is able to sign the official document. Women in this patriarchal society still face a lot of discrimination when passing down citizenship to their children. Nepal is now considering a proposed law which makes it obligatory for both
Second-placed Salford Red Devils were beaten 34-24 at home by Wakefield. Castleford Tigers trailed 12-4 at the break after tries from Mark Percival and Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook.
Manchester United lost 3-2 at West Ham in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal's side still need to beat Bournemouth and hope Manchester City lose at Swansea.
London turned down the chance to host the Grand Depart, citing the cost of staging the event as the reason. La Manche in north-west France will host the 2016 Grand Depart.
Mental Welfare Commission visited wards where dementia patients are assessed. NHS Lothian said urgent changes were being implemented and the hospital would be redeveloped by 2016.
Eight people arrested after raids on homes in the Midlands and south of England. Warwickshire Police believe Chinese and Malaysian women were being brought into the UK to be exploited. Some of the eight have been charged with running brothels while others face charges relating to money laundering.
Francisco Palomo, 63, defended Gen Rios Montt against charges connected to the killing of more than 1,700 indigenous Guatemalans in the 1980s. The general was sentenced to 80 years in prison two years ago but his conviction was overturned. A retrial scheduled for January has been postponed indefinitely.
He won the best picture Oscar for the first Rocky film in 1977, which was written by its star Sylvester Stallone. The producer shared the Academy Award - one of three for the 1976 film - with partner Irwin Winkler. He produced films into his late 70s and early 80s, including 2014's The Gamble
Sir Bobby Charlton and Sir Geoff Hurst recounted memories at Wembley Arena. Actors including Martin Freeman read the words of fans and players. There was also live music from performers including Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Reef and the Troggs.
Online Hate Crime Hub is made up of five specially trained Met police officers. They will try to identify, prevent and investigate online abuse. It is the first hub of its kind in the UK and will cost £1.7m over two years.
Step-by-step guide explains how to build your own VPN server at home. You will need a Raspberry Pi computer, an SD card and some basic coding. Follow the steps below to create your own private server.
Carlsberg shares are down more than 9% in Copenhagen. Ukrainian sales fell by an estimated 17%.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared in 1991. His mother Kerry has always maintained her son is alive and was probably abducted. South Yorkshire Police said officers travelled to Kos on Sunday and would hold a press conference on Tuesday at the site where Ben was last seen.
A two-hour walkout by examiners will be followed by a week of short strikes. The Public and Commercial Services union said more will be held throughout June. DfT said contingency plans were in place to keep vital services running.
Carlisle's Hallam Hope was sent off for a dangerous challenge on Darnell Furlong. Mark Ellis then picked up a second yellow for time-wasting. Ben Williamson's tap-in for Cambridge was ruled offside.
Liam McGerrigan, 27, was pronounced dead at the scene. A 33-year-old man was arrested in the Tile Hill area on Friday.
Airport's new owners claim his statements breached election rules. After 30 March, the general election pending period prevents the government from making announcements about new or controversial matters. Mr Hayes described his announcements as "huge steps towards securing Manston's future as a working airport"
Dr Joseph Bama is a doctor at the University Hospital in Bambari, Central African Republic. Bambari is CAR's second city, but it is as underwhelming as the narrow dirt track that leads to it. The security situation deteriorated abruptly last month when 34 people were killed in a single, frenzied day
Nottingham boxer has not fought since beating George Groves in May 2014. James DeGale became the first Briton to win a professional world title and an Olympic gold. Froch predicted he would beat IBF super-middleweight champion in December.
The debate took place in the House of Commons on Wednesday. Colchester MP Darren Quince argued that the West End does not exist in a vacuum. But culture minister Ed Vaizey argued that changes in funding are moving in the right direction.
Alex is moving north-east and is expected to hit the Azores on Friday. It is one of the earliest tropical systems to form in the Atlantic Basin since records began. Scientists have linked the storms to powerful winds and high sea surface temperatures resulting from an unusually strong El Nino phenomenon.
Bill aims to grant the Welsh Assembly new powers over energy, transport and elections. Draft version of the bill was dogged with controversy and UK government has promised significant changes. Labour's Shadow Welsh Secretary Nia Griffith said there should be no "unnecessary delays"
The 21-year-old has been playing in the Glasgow first team since 2012. He made his senior international debut the following year. Gray regularly partners brother and former Warriors lock Richie in Scotland's second row.
Cardiff Crown Court heard two cars were followed by undercover officers. Almost 40kg of heroin worth about £5m was seized between 2013 and 2014. Jury was told speaker was being carried in a car that was stopped by police. Shazia Ahmad and Wasim Ali, from Newport, Umar Arif, Umar
Citizens Advice Scotland said its findings showed that debt was 'just a fact of life' A fifth needed help to pay their rent or mortgage - a figure which jumped to 29% when it came to utility bills.
Kent County Council has seen a 30% rise in looked-after children in seven months. Other authorities elsewhere in the UK have accepted full responsibility for 56 children. Councillor Peter Oakford said it was "not a position we want to be in"
An England international will earn up to £300,000 each year in match fees alone. Along with their club salaries, bonuses and commercial income, an elite player could soon top seven figures per year. The latest RFU accounts showed record profits following the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
Anthony Scouler, 55, used seven bank accounts to hide profits of more than £100,000. He also used fake identities to get credit cards to pay for high-tech growing equipment. Police raided his furniture shop in Boutport Street, Barnstaple, in 2012 and found 112 plants.
The owner is an exotic animal dealer and star of the Discovery Channel reality show Airplane Repo. He could face criminal charges for not alerting authorities about the escape immediately. "Most likely no one is going to see it," Florida Fish and Wildlife captain says.
Novo's three-match ban will start on Monday, 3 April. Glenavon have the right to appeal against the disciplinary committee's decision.
The small aircraft came down in a field at Steve Powell's farm. The men have been named locally as Scott Penlington and Nick Jefferies. Mr Powell said the aircraft appeared to have "fallen out of the sky into our field"
Rory Kleinveldt took 3-70 for Northants. Sean Dickson top scored for Kent with 63.
The three are accused of spreading false news and aiding the Muslim Brotherhood. They appeared in a Cairo court along with other Egyptian students and activists. The trial was adjourned until 3 May and bail for the defendants was denied.
Abdul Hakim Belhaj says he and his wife were taken from Thailand to Libya. He claims they were covertly taken from Asia to the UK to seek asylum. Police have investigated the claims but CPS is yet to announce charging. Supreme Court to decide whether the couple can sue the UK government.
Helen Smith applied for a new visa last September. But she is still waiting for officials to return her passport. UKBA said applicants could not be given updates within the first six months.
Adrian Brown, 38, experienced a'severe psychotic episode' when he stabbed Muhammed Ali on a train. Brown, of Brockley Rise, south-east London, appeared via video link from Broadmoor Hospital during the hearing. A jury found Brown not guilty following a two-day trial at Southwark Crown Court
Landslip on A890 Stromeferry bypass in the Highlands expected to last 12 hours. Emergency teams dealing with landslips on A83 Rest and Be Thankful in Argyll and Bute and A85 in Stirlingshire at Crianlarich. Flood warnings issued for parts of Perthshire, Tayside, Skye,
BBC Studios has announced plans to cut about 300 staff across the UK. Welsh Language Minister Alun Davies has written to the corporation. He wants assurances over the future of factual and drama production.
DJ Tony Blackburn counted down the Top 60 best-selling records of the 1960s. Biggest selling single of 1960s was She Loves You by The Beatles. Tears was the third biggest-selling single of the decade.
Hutchinson, 37, was battling for the lead when the race was red-flagged. He was reported to be conscious before being flown to hospital by helicopter. Hutchinson is the only man to win five TTs in a week.
She was the first Muslim woman to sit in the cabinet. But now she has left the government - and in a way designed to inflict damage. The prime minister was only told shortly about her decision to quit.
The Serbs lost 6-4 6-4 to Brazilians Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares in Rio. The loss came a day after Djokovic was knocked out of the singles by Argentine Juan Martin del Potro.
Robert Lady was sentenced to nine years in jail for his involvement in the 2003 abduction of an Egyptian cleric in Milan. The cleric, known as Abu Omar, was allegedly flown to Egypt and tortured. Lady was reportedly arrested on Wednesday near Panama's border with Costa Rica.
Milkins' five losses in-a-row saw him slip to 31st in the world rankings. The 40-year-old ended his slump with a 6-1 win over Hamza Akbar.
This is the second search to be carried out in a week. Mr Byrne was shot dead in a Dublin hotel in February.
Grange Gardens was chosen for the pitch by UEFA, Cardiff council and FA of Wales. Wales legend Ian Rush praised the facility, saying it would help get more kids into football.
The 500 year-old vessel was found on the banks of the River Usk in 2002. It is the most complete surviving example of a ship of its time. Experts think it was used for trading along the Atlantic seaboard.
Lewandowski plans to plead not guilty, the Trump campaign said. Police allege he grabbed Michelle Fields' arm when she tried to ask him a question. Mr Trump himself has defended Mr Lewandowski on Twitter.
Mark McCarroll, a father-of-one, was working as a fork lift driver. Hayes Fuels director Allister Hayes and risk manager Stanley Gibson both pleaded guilty at Belfast Crown Court. Mr Hayes pleaded guilty to charges of failing to ensure the safety of its employees. The judge adjourned sentencing for
Southampton City Council estimates a total of 1,500 unlicensed HMOs in the area. Shelter helpline said fear of eviction and living in poorly maintained properties are frequent concerns raised by HMO tenants.
Pepper will be deployed at two Belgian hospitals over the next 10 years. The robot can recognise the human voice in 20 languages. Pepper has already been used in banking and train stations.
In 2015, hunger and dehydration were a factor in 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes. Malnutrition may be recorded as a factor contributing directly to a death. If you are very sick, it might not be feasible to eat and drink.
Veterans for Justice UK expect about 100 former soldiers to take part in march. Organisers said it was to highlight "injustices against soldiers" John Kelly, whose brother Michael was killed in the atrocity, called it an 'insult' Thirteen people were shot dead on 30 January 1972, and a 14th victim
The campaign includes plans to cut red tape, develop infrastructure and make it easier for companies to do business. Manufacturing contributes only 15% to India's gross domestic product. It comes a day after India sent its homegrown mission to Mars.
Vincent Enyeama could face a lengthy ban for his comments. The goalkeeper made 'uncomplimentary remarks' regarding safety and security in Kaduna. Keshi was on a list of 59 applicants published recently by the Ivorian federation.
Ms Tiffney was last seen leaving her home in Edinburgh's Dean Village in 2002. A murder charge against her son Sean Flynn was found not proven in 2005.
Oldham have been under an embargo since November because of a £300,000 bill with HM Revenue & Customs. The Latics are bottom of the table, three points from safety, and are the lowest scorers in the Football League. Oldham have not won a league game since 18 October.
The vehicle smashed into the house in West Pennard, near Glastonbury. The homeowner suffered minor injuries and was taken to hospital. Crews are working to remove the truck and stabilise the building.
Nordtveit's low shot took a deflection off Sammy Clingan's heel to beat keeper Lee Camp just before half-time. Substitute Elyounoussi produced a fine shot on the turn in the 87th minute and another replacement Ruud made it 3-0 to Norway.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has defended his meeting with Marine Le Pen. He said he was not seeking to influence France's election campaign. Ms Le Pen is the leader of the French far-right National Front party. She has called for the lifting of EU sanctions against Russia.
Two other people were injured in the shooting at the private event in Headley. A woman, 36, was shot in the leg and taken to hospital. More than 400 people were at the party at the hired house.
UK and EU leaders have agreed a new deal on Britain's place in the EU. Prime Minister David Cameron will announce the date of the in/out referendum. The deal includes a treaty change so the UK is not bound to "ever closer union" EU exit campaigners said the "hollow" deal
MyTravelPass was established as part of a budget deal with the Liberal Democrats. The Welsh Government announced the end of the scheme in January. It was criticised by bus operators and other AMs, including Labour's Lynne Neagle.
Jacqueline McPhie, 46, took the money while vice president for finance. She admitted embezzlement and was jailed for three years and four months in July. At the High Court in Edinburgh, she was ordered to pay back £587,434.
Aker Solutions said employees had been told about 650 positions may be affected. More specific breakdown for Aberdeen and London jobs not announced. Aker employs about 15,000 people, of which more than 2,000 are in the UK.
HM Revenue & Customs wants to target businesses that fail to register for tax. It also wants individuals who fail to declare the money they make online. This "hidden economy" could equate to £5.9bn a year in tax, HMRC said.
Whitney's takes a look at some of the biggest hauls from around the world.
Infectiously-catchy earworm 'PPAP' was performed by animal print-clad DJ Piko-Taro. The song fuses a pen with an apple and a pineapple. Facebook tributes and covers of the song have also appeared.
Lily Partridge complained of headache after clash at training session. She collapsed at side of pitch and was given CPR when she stopped breathing. Zookeeper, 22, died a day later in hospital from an acute bleed and cardiac arrest. Inquest heard she had suffered two concussions earlier that year. Her parents
Charlie Austin hits the post for Southampton with header. Oriol Romeu blocks two follow-up shots from Islam Slimani. Jamie Vardy has best chance of the game but is tackled by Romeu.
Martha Cooper & Henry Chalfant's book Subway Art was published in 1984. It was to define the era and ensure the genre lived on to be reborn as part of the global art movement. By the end of the 80s, the graffiti culture was being forced to adapt.
skirmishes break out before kick-off in England's 3-0 win over Lithuania. English FA say incidents have not taken place where fans who bought tickets from the FA were located. The cases will be dealt with on Thursday, 22 October.
Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the Welsh Rugby Union. The WRU have said they see Rodney Parade "as a rugby venue" Newport County have a lease to use the ground - and have primacy of fixtures on the venue if they remain in the Football League.
1999 Open winner has dropped to 424th on the world rankings from a high of 26. Lawrie will be at Castle Stuart this week for the Scottish Open. The Scottish Open acts as a dress rehearsal for the Open at Troon.
Oliver Whiting, 37, of Eastbourne, took the photos from social media accounts. He posted the images on adult websites, where he invited other users to join him in posting lewd comments. Judge said his violation and degradation of women required punishment.
The 1952 John Ford film was shot in County Mayo and County Galway. But counsellor Joseph Brennan said the theme was 'not likely to be well received here' He asked for a swift reply as he wanted to gauge the reaction to the film.
Dale Hart, 54, Michael Smart, 37, and Christopher Bennett, 61, pleaded guilty to production of cannabis. Police found 692 plants worth around £800,000 at Queens Court, Bridgend Industrial Estate.
Joe Acquaro was shot dead in Melbourne in the early hours of Tuesday. The lawyer was well-known in the city's Italian community. Clients included crime bosses accused of extortion, drugs and arms offences.
Flower received a six-month ban for hitting St Helens stand-off Lance Hohaia. One comment on the single account said Flower's "last days are approaching" Other Twitter messages said that Flower "deserves to be shot"
Rosie Batty said the offshore camps must close. Nearly 450 staff at Mr Turnbull's former university also expressed concern. Australia intercepts all irregular boat migrants and holds them in camps.
A motorist had seen the man heading away from the M23 on the A2011 Crawley Avenue. Police were alerted by a motorist who had stopped to help him. PC Katie Breeds, of Sussex Police, said: "He didn't know where he was"
Fifa president attended Africa Cup of Nations qualifier between South Sudan and Benin. South Sudan officials dressed Infantino in traditional robes and made him dance. Officials also produced a large cake to celebrate the Italian's 46th birthday.
Shay Logan has signed a new three-year contract at Aberdeen. The Manchester-born full-back has admitted previously that moving closer to his family was a temptation. But he this week agreed a new deal to remain at Pittodrie.
Welsh national field of remembrance features 10,000 wooden crosses. Each one carries a message to someone who has died while serving their country. First Minister Carwyn Jones was among those at the service.
Writer-turned-director Joss Whedon has deleted his account from Twitter. He said he needed to go to a "quiet place" to focus on writing. Some have labelled his portrayal of female characters as sexist.
Cash comes from chip maker Marvell which became a supporter and sponsor of OLPC in early 2009.
Copyright Office ruling will allow users and experts to carry out repairs. But changes such as extracting and selling code would still breach copyright. Vehicle manufacturers opposed the move, saying repair garages could fix any issues.
Bohn had chest pains after the second round and called for a medic. Tests revealed a mild heart attack, according to a PGA Tour statement. Bohn's wife was at home in Atlanta at the time.
Australia beat England in Women's World T20 semi-final. Meg Lanning hit 55 and Alyssa Healy a rapid 25 for Australia. Charlotte Edwards (31) and Tammy Beaumont (32) added 67 for the first wicket. But from there, England lost regular wickets to slump to 127-7. Australia
Price of West Texas crude sank to $37.65 (£24.99) a barrel, a drop of 5.8%. Brent Crude fell 5.3% to $40.73 a barrel. Slumping price comes as OPEC refused to cut oil production.
Building opposite the High Court houses the Belfast office of Pinsent Masons. The Soloist was designed by Norwegian firm Niels Torp. Construction started during the worst of the property crash.
Angela Merkel's trip to the US is markedly different in tone and substance from her last visit. Three years ago, the leaders discussed the Arab Spring in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Syria. This week's meeting is much shorter and will be all business, writes PJ Crowley.
Jason Day finished 15 under par to win the Hero World Challenge. Day's halfway total of 129 was a record for the Florida event. Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell and Rory McIlroy finished at eight and seven under respectively. England's Justin Rose was five under.
Malakal, South Sudan's second city, has been wrecked by civil war. 45,000 former residents of the city now live in a UN camp. The children's hospital was built as a prize of independence.
This week's 100 Women comes from a campaigner who fought for custody of her son. She became a vocal campaigner for the victims of acid attacks, bringing attention to other victims.
The bodies of Kenneth and Rita Boughey were discovered on Thursday night. Post mortem examinations ruled out carbon monoxide poisoning as a cause of death. Police said the deaths "continue to be treated as unexplained"
There was no change of tone, no acknowledgement of any fresh message the voters had sent Mrs May. She didn't spend more of the election campaign talking about helping those who are "just managing" Perhaps she was just trying to steady the ship amid calls for her to resign.
Nicola Sturgeon will confirm plans when she addresses RCN congress. She will tell delegates that discussions will begin over the summer. RCN welcomed the promise but said it would only work if backed up with funding.
Only one government minister has links to nationalist parties - though he is in no way a neo-Nazi or fascist. But Ukrainian officials and many in the media err to the other extreme. They claim that Ukrainian politics are completely fascist-free.
Greece is trying to agree a funding deal with the European Union and IMF. Greece is seeking to avoid defaulting on a 1.5bn debt repayment to the IMF by the end of June. Eurozone finance ministers will discuss Greece when they meet on Thursday.
Ashya King was being treated at Southampton General Hospital last year. His parents took him abroad without telling staff, sparking a public outcry. It was later revealed Ashya did not receive subsequent chemotherapy in Prague. Team in Southampton say this move could jeopardise his recovery.
Wrexham council has been consulting on a new protection order. It would ban dogs from play areas and sports pitches, and require them to be kept on leads. The RSPCA said the order could create a "negative view of dog ownership"
Woman driver of minibus and male driver of Saab car taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd. The road reopened in the early hours following an initial investigation.
Former Pompey goalkeeper Carson brilliantly denied Michael Smith and Michael Doyle. He then blocked a Conor Chaplin header in stoppage time. Hartlepool had shipped 11 in their last three matches in all competitions.
The loggerhead turtle was affected by the cold and had shell damage. It is being moved to a special tank at the fresh fish company La Collette. Vets say the turtle has a "poor prognosis"
Rohit Singh, 10, spends a month missing school to fish coins from the river. He and his father, a day labourer, earn around 100-150 rupees ($1.14) a day. Hindu devotees also throw coins in the river as a mark of devotion and reverence.
Bill proposes lowering the current limit from 80mg alcohol per 100ml of blood to 50mg. The current limit strikes a balance between safety and personal freedom. Scotland lowered its limit to the proposed new level in December 2014. Northern Ireland is currently consulting on whether to lower its limit.
The bodies of Sian Blake and her two sons were found on Tuesday. Concerns about Ms Blake's welfare were passed to the Met police. A missing persons probe was launched on 16 December. The Independent Police Complaints Commission will conduct a 'thorough investigation'
The 34-year-old has recently returned from a spell with Atletico Kolkata, where he won the Indian Super League. Pearson believes the lure of lucrative contracts in India will encourage other players to try their luck over in the sub-continent.
Maia Collingswood, from Barmouth, Gwynedd, fell ill at Easter while visiting grandparents. Her father, Dan, said he had a heart transplant in 1997. Three months later, she received a new heart at London's Great Ormond Street Hospital. On Tuesday, Maia
The 37-year-old American has been hired as a linebacker coach for pre-season by Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians. Welter became the first female to play in a non-kicking position in a men's professional league.
Former MEP turned AM Eluned Morgan spoke a year on from the EU referendum. Hard and soft Brexit relates to the type of relationship with the EU single market after the UK leaves the bloc. UKIP MEP Nathan Gill warned against a "con" of a Brexit, saying there were only two options - to
Donald Trump said he saw video of Iranians unloading crates of cash. His team admitted it was incorrect, only for him to repeat it at another rally. The White House announced in January it was making payments to Iran. $400m of that was delivered in cash, flown to Iran at roughly the same time
Eyewitnesses spoke of a masked man chasing terrified shoppers. Police later arrested the 18-year-old suspect. The motive for the attack was not immediately clear.
Jonathan Bell said he was told he could not challenge the scheme. He made the allegation on Monday, speaking under parliamentary privilege. The DUP said the claims were "outrageous"
Anne Hidalgo said the people of Paris had been 'insulted' and the city's image had been "damaged" Fox has since apologised for making'regrettable errors' on air regarding the Muslim population.
The Bank of England said the outlook for global growth was muted. A collapse in the Chinese stock market and Greece's debts were cited as factors. The Bank said it expected inflation to be back to its 2% target in two years' time.
Ben Stokes was hit for four sixes in the last over of last year's World T20 final. The 25-year-old is playing in his first series since he became the Indian Premier League's most expensive foreign player in February. Stokes was named vice-captain of the Test team under Joe
Bassetlaw MP said the EU was 'broken' and 'undemocratic' He said many Labour councillors would'shock' Westminster with vote. Labour's leadership is campaigning to stay in the EU in the referendum.
Digital technology and engineering department will move to site if permission is granted. Six-storey student accommodation building will provide 171 bedrooms.
A penalty try and scores from Alex Goode and Chris Wyles gave Sarries a 24-3 lead at half-time. The bonus point was wrapped up four minutes after the break as Maro Itoje crossed, shortly before Richard Wigglesworth touched down. Arthur Aziza went over for Oyonnax but S
Bruce Dewey, 36, was spotted by Sussex Police as he drove his Honda Legend. He was known to only have a provisional driving licence and so was followed. During the chase he dialled 999 and asked police to stop following him.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk. Post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram using #englandsbigpicture.
The list, topped by Scottish first minister Nicola Sturgeon, identifies women who have had an "exceptionally large impact" Jenner revealed her transition to Caitlyn on the cover of Vanity Fair last month. The former Olympian is honoured for bringing the experience of being a trans woman to a global audience.
Frasers Hospitality is one of the world's biggest providers of high-end serviced apartments. Its 148 properties span about 80 capital cities, as well as financial hubs across Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Africa. It almost didn't get off the ground when the Asian financial crisis hit.
Scott Carson saves well from John Egan and Tom Ince. Johnny Russell and Ince have best chances for Derby in second half. Brentford boss Dean Smith: "I don't know if we deserved to win"
Adam Ashe, Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyrgos have signed new deals. But four other Scotland internationals are out of contract this summer. Dave Rennie will replace Gregor Townsend as Glasgow head coach.
She announced the arrival of Albert Louie Kenny on Instagram. She said he was born late on Wednesday, a week over his due date. The 25-year-old retained the team pursuit and women's omnium titles in Rio.
The debris was on the southbound carriageway between junctions 30 and 29a. Highways England described it as 'unusual debris' and moved it by 09:00 GMT. It is thought to have fallen off a car roof and has since been reunited with its owner.
Full-back has made 89 appearances for the Hammers, scoring four goals. The 26-year-old defender joins team-mates Michail Antonio, Dimitri Payet, Adrian, and Cheikhou Kouyate in committing his future.
Manchester City are currently bottom of their Champions League group. Sergio Aguero has scored 12 goals for City, but they are six points behind Chelsea. "The club invests in top players and the fans want to see more from us," says Aguero.
Yorkshire, Lancashire and Derbyshire worst affected, with 2-5cm of snow overnight. Leeds Bradford Airport suspended all morning flights but has since reopened. Manchester Airport reported "minor delays to departing aircraft" Passengers waiting to depart reported being stuck on runway for hours.
Remains may be part of a massive emergency burial pit where thousands of plague victims were left 600 years ago. Lead archaeologist Jay Carver says the find "solves a 660-year-old mystery"
Father and son critically ill after incident at primary school in Lisburn. Vice-principal of Killowen Primary resuscitated George Allen using a defibrillator. Mr Allen's seven-year-old daughter, Georgia, is stable.
Delta was subjected to an online petition to ban such shipments. American Airlines and United fly to fewer sub-Saharan cities than Delta. Cecil was shot illegally in July by US dentist Walter Palmer.
Rugby league was played professional in London in the 1930s. London Broncos are England's sole Super League side south of Widnes. Broncos have finished in the bottom four in the table in each season since 2007.
Hungary's prime minister has proposed a radical budgetary revamp to raise funds. The summit will focus on tightening EU borders and aiding neighbours of Syria. Close to 480,000 migrants have arrived in Europe by sea this year.
Officer and two other men being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. Police said they were given "false and malicious information" suggesting an officer was to "be kidnapped as part of a terrorist plot" West Midlands police put on high alert because of the hoax.
One person in custody on suspicion of driving while intoxicated. Terror was not suspected, police said. 21 people were taken to hospital, five in serious condition.
Comedian used insulting language on Channel 5 dating show. Southend Council and Visit Southend responded on Twitter. Gleneagles Guesthouse tweets offer of free night in its premier suite.
Anthony Fletcher is chief executive of Graze, the UK's biggest snack food maker. The company started out as an internet business, but has since grown to enjoy annual sales of more than £70m. It constantly analyses the 15,000 customer ratings it says it receives every hour to tweak and develop
Non-farm payrolls is the official measure of how many jobs the US economy has added (or lost) in the previous month. By early 2010 the monthly tally shows the US was adding jobs again. But the chart doesn't tell us why the job market bottomed out and started its long expansion
Archbishop of South Africa said he reveres 'the sanctity of life but not at any cost' Also suggested prolonging Nelson Mandela's life was an 'affront' to his dignity. Follows U-turn by former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey. He said he would support assisted dying for the terminally
Monarch's flights to Sharm el-Sheikh are still suspended and it does not expect them to resume before next year. Comments came as Monarch returned to profit for the year to 31 October. Chief executive Andrew Swaffield said customers were "booking closer to departure"
Dean Melnyk, 20, found guilty of murdering Kevin MacKay in Ecclefechan. Co-accused Andrew Brown, 23, had previously admitted the attack. Pair believed 39-year-old Mr MacKay had supplied drugs which killed friend.
Tesla reported a first quarter loss of $282m (£195m) up from $154m last year. The announcement that it was increasing production sent its shares up 4% in after-hours trading. Production of the Model X rose from 507 in the fourth quarter of 2015 to 2,659
Gabor's first marriage in 1937 was to Turkish politician Burhan Asaf Belge. She later claimed to have had an affair with then president of Turkey, Kemal Ataturk. Liz Taylor had seven husbands but eight weddings - she got married to Welsh actor Richard Burton twice. Larry King has been
Arscott spent four seasons at Bristol between 2006-2010. The 31-year-old made only seven league appearances for Bath. Arscott joined from Premiership rivals Exeter in June 2014.
The school has stopped the game, also known as "tag" or "you're it", to allow the children "some time to settle down a bit" The ban is the latest in a line of stories from around England of educational establishments outlawing everyday activities.
PwC's Northern Ireland economic outlook said this was despite overall unemployment having fallen by more than 10,000 since June 2014. It said poor productivity remains the single biggest challenge to Northern Ireland's sustained recovery.
The IPCC replaced the Police Complaints Authority in 2004. The intention was to bring more rigour to the system for investigating police wrongdoing. But relatives have often found themselves let down by the IPCC's handling of cases.
Shooting took place at a wood processing plant in the town of Menznau. Five of the injured are reported to be in a serious condition. CEO of the firm denies rumours of job cuts. Switzerland has one of the highest rates of gun ownership in the world.
Wrexham council granted permission for the sculpture back in 2011. Businessman Simon Wingett is trying to raise £2.5m for the project. He hopes to build the bronze sculpture, cultural centre and gardens. Councillors are expected to grant the extension at a meeting on Tuesday.
Nottinghamshire have been relegated from the Championship. Mike Newell will hand first-team duties to ex-England coach Peter Moores.
Basharat Hussain is one of seven people on trial over alleged child abuse in Rotherham. The witness, who cannot be named, told jurors she was first abused. She said she was picked up from a children's home and abused by Mr Hussain and two other men. Mr Hussain, who denies the
Pope called for more sobriety in a world obsessed by "consumerism and hedonism, wealth and extravagance" He was celebrating a Christmas eve Mass in St Peter's Basilica in front of about 10,000 people.
Economics professor and Beijing-based academic on trial in China. He is accused of 'inciting ethnic hatred' against the Uighur minority. Mr Tohti denies the charges and his lawyers say former students were pressured. The trial is taking place in Urumqi, the capital of Xinjiang.
He was trying out a 45m (150ft) high zip wire at Victoria Park, where the Games are being shown on big screens. The wire then lost momentum, leaving him suspended "like an odd Christmas decoration" above a crowd of people.
Reading 1 Fulham 0. John Swift (Reading) right footed shot saved in the bottom right corner. Liam Moore wins a penalty after a foul in the penalty area. Lucas Piazon replaces Michael Madl in the second half.
The match was due to take place at Mourneview Park in Belfast. Northern Ireland have three points from their first two Group Six qualifiers.
Ben Gibson was culpable for the first two Hull goals. Boro take on Burnley at the Riverside on Saturday.
Two armed groups clashed near the mountainous community of Las Varas. The identities of the victims and details of how the shootout unfolded were not immediately clear. Drug cartels often clash in Chihuahua, a key drug-trafficking route.
Halewood Academy in Knowsley is planning to shut down its sixth form. The school says that its current sixth form is financially unviable. Parents have set up a protest page on Facebook.
The library has added 25 films to its collection, bringing the total to 700. This year's additions include The Lion King, Roger Rabbit and The Birds. To be eligible for preservation, films must be at least a decade old.
Roof of the church caved in on worshippers who had gathered for the ordination of a bishop on Saturday. Those inside the Reigners Bible Church included Akwa Ibom state governor Udom Emmanuel, who survived the disaster. The church was still under construction and workers had rushed to complete it for the
Moeen Ali took 19 wickets in five Tests against India in 2014. The 27-year-old was less impressive in last week's win over West Indies. "India didn't show me enough respect in the way they batted against me," he said.
Benjamin Herman, 80, denies four counts of sex abuse against a girl under 13 in the early 1970s. Mr Herman held the equerry post between 1971 and 1974 managing the duke's official diary.
Afghanistan set Ireland a target of 338 to win in Greater Noida. Asghar Stanikzai hit 101, his first one-day century. Paul Stirling produced an outstanding individual display with six wickets.
Assombalonga had three years remaining on his contract at Forest. The 23-year-old has scored 19 goals in 39 games for the club. Oliver Burke's sale to RB Leipzig will be reinvested in the club, says owner Fawaz Al-Hasawi.
Detectives launched a search for the boy after the attack at Chase Technology College. A male teacher and 13-year-old girl suffered minor injuries. The boy was apprehended at Ledbury station in Herefordshire.
Ryan Wallace scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Ross Davidson got the last touch on a free-kick to equalise.
Amateur International Boxing Association has said pro boxers will compete in Rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month. Tyson won gold at the 1981 and 1982 Junior Olympics. Lennox Lewis, another former world heavyweight champion and Olympic gold medallist, is also not in favour of the idea, branding it "preposterous"
Anzac Day commemorates the first major battle involving Australian and New Zealand forces during World War One. A service was also held at Westminster Abbey. The national anthems of New Zealand and Australia were sung.
The sanctions focus upon suppliers to Iran's missile programme and groups that help arm what Washington sees as terror organisations in the region. It is hard to see what practical impact these sanctions will have, since few of these organisations or individuals probably do business in the United States. But the sanctions sends a clear warning
GCSE entries in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are down 0.7% on last year. Early entries (for students in Year 10 or below) fell for the second year running in England to 300,000 - a 13% drop on 2015. More older students were entered this year, reflecting the raising of the participation age in
Three operators have been shortlisted for the Northern Rail franchise. Three for First TransPennine Express (TPE) are also in the running. The winners will be announced in October 2015.
Four people rescued after speedboat capsizes in Brixham harbour, Devon. Specialist divers expected to remove the capsized boat from harbour. Two jet skiers and a yacht also rescued the four people.
Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry is examining allegations of abuse in state-run children's homes and other institutions in Northern Ireland. Victims of clerical child abuse and former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions are excluded from the remit. The inquiry is currently investigating 35 residential facilities.
Net income fell to $3.11bn (£2.03bn) compared with a year ago. PC business continues to slow, but data-server demand is slowing.
UK government estimates about 500 people from Indonesia and about 200 from Malaysia have joined IS in Iraq and Syria. It comes amid growing concern that the next branch of so-called Islamic State could emerge in the region. Mr Cameron is heading to Indonesia on the first stop of his tour, which is primarily intended to
Airbus will get £2.7m for training facilities at Swansea University and Coleg Cambria in Deeside, Flintshire. Transport projects in north Wales, including Llangefni link road, will also get money. Finance Minister Jane Hutt said the money would boost infrastructure priorities.
Ren Benson, from York, said she just wanted to give other mothers support. "I am a first-time mum, my little boy is 10 months now, and parenting is really hard" Emma Lowe, who found the letter, said it was a "lovely gesture"
The attacks took place in the villages of Debiro Hawul and Debiro Bi in Borno state. Residents say the militants drove into the towns and began shooting, looting and burning houses. In a separate attack, a young female suicide bomber reportedly killed at least 10 people in Yobe.
Caithness General Hospital to introduce midwife-led unit by end of month. Health board says majority of births do not require obstetrics. Consultant obstetricians will continue to lead maternity services.
Curriculum for Excellence has been four years in the making. It aims to give teachers more freedom and make lessons less prescriptive. Some teachers, unions and opposition parties have expressed concern. But Scottish ministers have given assurances it will improve standards.
Note was written to author Betty Shew by the 21-year-old princess in 1947. It describes how the couple met, were chased by a photographer in Prince Philip's sports car. Was given a pre-auction estimate of £800 to £1,200 but sold for £14,400.
Plaid leader Leanne Wood spoke to sixth formers at Tonypandy Community College. Voters are not listened to, she said, and it is time to "shake up the political system" Nine key policies will form the core of the party's assembly election campaign.
The study measured poisonous nitrogen dioxide (NO2) levels using 40 sensors. It then used modelling to predict what would happen in the future. The Aviation Environment Federation said the research was "highly speculative" Ministers will decide within weeks whether to enlarge Heathrow or rival Gatwick.
Great Britain face Belgium in Davis Cup final on Friday, 29 November. Final is being held in Ghent, 35 miles from Belgian capital Brussels. Ghent is under Belgium's highest security alert. British team delayed flight to Belgium from Sunday to Monday.
Boeing 727 overshot runway, airport operator says. Bus carrying passengers collides with plane. All four crew members survive.
David Sole, 33, of no fixed address, had denied murdering Jonathan Ellison. He was found guilty at Lewes Crown Court of beating him to death. Denise Antonia was cleared of murder but found guilty of assisting an offender.
Ms Sugden is one of the youngest ministers in Northern Ireland. The 29-year-old has only been an MLA for two years. She has assumed ultimate responsibility for the Prison Service.
Jordan Al-Qadi family buy 92% stake in League Two promotion-chasers. Manager Darrell Clarke says new owners are behind him. Rovers sit sixth in the table after beating Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday.
Dentsu is accused of violating labour standards after Matsuri Takahashi's death. The 24-year-old had worked more than 100 hours of overtime a month. Death from overwork is relatively common in Japan, where it has its own word: karoshi.
Chelsea lost at home to Burnley on the opening weekend of the season. The Blues are only the second reigning Premier League champions to lose the opening game of the following campaign. Tottenham striker Harry Kane has not scored a single goal in August in 11 Premier League appearances.
A section of the main road in Ghana collapsed last month. The collapse was not a surprise, says Kwesi Owusu-Ankrah. But regular maintenance of structures is not one of our strong points.
The man, who was from Staffordshire, collapsed while riding on the A5. He had been raising money for the Douglas Macmillan Hospice. Police said officers attended, along with a road and air ambulance.
The total purse for the Classic on 3 June will be £1.625m. Cracksman beat Permian in the Derby Trial in April. Trainer John Jenkins defends owner's decision to run 1,000-1 outsider Diore Lia.
Markit/CIPS manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 49.2 from 50.7 in March. It is the first time that activity in the sector has fallen since March 2013. Firms blamed soft domestic demand, a fall in new business and uncertainty.
A Belgian security official working for the EU and three Malians also died in the attack. One witness said an attacker shouted "God is Great" in Arabic ("Allahu Akbar") It is not clear who carried out the attack, but al-Qaeda-linked Islamist militants have been fighting the army in northern Mali for
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season. The Swedish striker has been linked with Manchester United and AC Milan. Ibrahimovic is PSG's record goalscorer with 152 goals in 178 games.
Steven Gerrard will return to Liverpool as a youth coach in February. The former Reds captain will be his first job since retiring as a player. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp described the appointment as "wonderful news"
The 35-year-old has been without a club since the end of last season. Morrison is available to play for Exeter in their League Two game at Accrington on Friday night.
Football was the overall winner in the attendance stakes at 43.4 million. Three of the 10 best attended showpieces were horseracing events. Horseracing remains one of the UK's most popular spectator sports.
Jackie Stokes said she spent £9,500 on implants in Hungary. But an investigation found her treatment plan caused "irreversible damage" Dentist Dr Zsolt Csillag was given a one-year supervision order by the General Dental Council. He did not respond to attempts to contact him
Thirty-two people died when the cruise ship hit rocks off the Tuscan island of Giglio. Captain Schettino was also convicted of causing the shipwreck and abandoning ship. He has accepted some responsibility but denies the criminal charges.
Six of the 12 British Olympians who won more than one medal at London 2012 were younger than 26. Laura Trott, 20, and boyfriend Jason Kenny, 24, were both double Olympic champions in the velodrome. Andy Murray, 25, stormed tennis gold and silver, gymnasts Louis Smith, 23,and Max Whitlock,
Jones could be the first fighter to win three Olympic gold medals in taekwondo. The 23-year-old has admitted she could be tempted to take up mixed martial arts. Jones won bronze for the United States in Judo at Beijing 2008.
The images are on show at the No Walls Gallery as part of the Brighton Photo Fringe Festival.
Wells impressed in the T20 Blast last season, scoring 373 runs at 28.69. The 23-year-old said the club is going in the right direction.
Arriva Trains Wales is adding morning weekday services into Cardiff Central. The Welsh franchise is one of the UK's most heavily subsidised. Economy minister Ken Skates had said Arriva's profits were "too high"
The Phab2Pro's sensors allow it to make sense of objects and close-by spaces. The Moto Z introduces the concept of Moto Mods - snap-on parts that connect to the back of the phone via 16 small metal pins. Lenovo said it was working with others to create new modules
Baltics have spent much of their history buffeted between neighbouring imperial forces. Many Latvians saw Hitler's forces as the lesser of two evils - Latvia's only chance of not slipping back into Stalinist oppression. But the veterans and their supporters are accused of being Nazi sympathisers.
Met Office said up to 15cm of rain could fall in north Wales. River flood alerts due to rising levels caused by continuous rain.
Mr Cunha was accused of taking $5m in bribes from a company that won contracts with the state oil company, Petrobras. He led the impeachment process against President Dilma Rousseff, who was dismissed in August.
Turning Points was premiered at Chapter Arts Centre in Cardiff on Wednesday night. The film celebrates life changing moments when a meeting, an event, or something unexpected led to a new direction.
Carwyn Jones complained that he didn't see the letter before it was published. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns hit back: "I'm a bit disappointed in that" Mrs May did indeed mention Wales in the letter.
Prime Minister will pledge support at the UN General Assembly summit. Al-Shabab is battling Somalia's government for control of the country. British forces deployed there will provide combat training. Up to 300 could also be deployed in South Sudan over time.
Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with Championship side Bournemouth. The 37-year-old has led the Cherries to three promotions since taking over in 2008. Howe had two-and-a-half years left on his previous deal with the Cherries.
Artis Sterkis, 37, collapsed on the Peterhead-registered Starlight Rays. He was taken to hospital by rescue helicopter but never regained consciousness. Starlight Rays featured in BBC television series Trawlermen.
Clwyd West MP David Jones backs proposals for "English votes for English laws" But he said it was important to define clearly what those issues were. Many constituents used public services in England, he said.
Suspicious objects found in Capanagh Forest near Larne on Saturday. Some of the items found included an armour-piercing improvised rocket. Last week, Theresa May said MI5 believed an attack on targets by dissident republicans had become "a strong possibility"
Truck said to have exploded as it was off-loading butane cooking gas. Reports of casualties vary from 35 to more than 100 people killed. Local police have confirmed the incident but have yet to provide further details.
1453 - Sultan Mehmed II the Magnificent captures Constantinople, ending Byzantine Empire. 1923 - Grand National Assembly declares Turkey a republic and Kemal Ataturk president. 1982 - New constitution creates seven-year presidency, and reduces parliament to single chamber. 1990 - Turkey allows US-led coalition against Iraq to
Chris Coleman's side are third in Group D, four points behind the Republic of Ireland. The Welsh beat Moldova 4-0 in their first qualifier, but drew against Austria, Georgia and Serbia. Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey will provide welcome relief, says Vokes.
Simpson is serving a minimum nine-year to 33-year sentence. He was convicted of robbery of what he said were stolen articles of personal memorabilia. Simpson was acquitted in 1995 of the murder of his former wife and her friend.
Sammon has negotiated an early release from his contract with Derby. His deal is due to expire on 30 June, but Hearts need to register players for the Europa League 10 days before that. The 29-year-old had switched to Derby for £1.2m from Wigan Athletic in 2012.
Czech cyclist cleared of any wrongdoing by Czech Olympic Committee. Kreuziger was withdrawn from this year's Tour de France over passport irregularities. The 28-year-old was pulled from his Tinkoff-Saxo team before the race.
Joseph Mulhern was shot by the IRA in 1993. The family believe his death will feature in the inquiry. But they are bitterly divided over whether or not it should even take place.
Martin Godfrey said he had never supplied Tesco and was surprised to find the picture being used on the firm's website. He said the picture was originally taken when he was working for Shillingford Organics near Exeter. Tesco has promised not to use the image in future promotions.
India has an internet population of 354 million - which has already grown by 17% in the first six months of 2015. Facebook, Google and Microsoft have all pledged their support for digital India. But this huge show of support and the increased interest in India has caused some concern within the country.
McLeish will take over from Mido, who was sacked two weeks ago. Mido's second spell in charge lasted just 37 days and seven games.
Eritrea's foreign ministry said the allegations were "totally unfounded" The country has never held elections since gaining independence in 1993. The report said Eritreans flee the hardship caused by systematic abuses.
Two men seen coming to blows in front of a bus in Norwich city centre. Bus operator Stagecoach said a driver had been suspended. No arrests have been made by police.
ActressAngharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. She was best known for her role as Demelza in hit TV series Poldark. The actress also appeared in Under Milk Wood and Dennis Potter's Joe's Ark.
District heating sees large boilers provide heat for entire districts. System is popular in several other European countries. Less than 4% of Scotland's heat demand is delivered by renewables.
Flintshire Council wants to increase recycling rates to meet Welsh Government targets. From June 2017, all rubbish will need to go into wheelie bins. Anyone still leaving rubbish outside bins will face fixed penalty notices.
Meghan Ambrozevich-Blair, 26, died following a collision between her car and a pick-up truck on the A1 near Dunbar in East Lothian in December. The student, who was engaged, was at Edinburgh Napier University. In a statement, her family said: "We are extremely proud of our
Ancient cities around the Mediterranean and Adriatic are on the front line. Their stone streets are squeezed full of summer visitors as budget airlines and cruise ships unload ever-growing armies of tourists. Dubrovnik has a particular problem because its appeal has been bolstered by Game of Thrones.
Met Office has issued severe weather warnings for Wales on Saturday. Beach festival in Gwynedd cancelled due to 'extremely severe weather conditions' Flood alerts also in place for Pembrokeshire, Ceredigion, Carmarthenshire and Swansea.
The competition finishes on 29 May in the same stadium. There are eight teams taking part, facing each other twice. The top four sides qualify for the play-offs.
Google's 'captain of moonshots' Astro Teller said the service has a'much better chance of being profitable' Project Loon uses balloons to beam internet to remote areas.
Donnington provides logistics support for the Army, handling equipment and weapons. Telford and Wrekin Council said it was putting together a planning application for the site. The local authority said it had been in talks with the MoD over the past 18 months.
PSNI also arrested 357 people and seized £44,000 in cash. Principal drug seized was herbal cannabis.
Philip Stevens, five, and Izaak Smith, two, were found dead last year. Their mother Melanie, 37, was found hanged at home in Trawsfynydd, Gwynedd. Inquest heard the boys were suffocated by their mother before she hanged herself. For confidential
Police were called to the property in Thornhill Road at 11:00 on Saturday. The death is being treated as unexplained and a post-mortem will be held. A disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats.
UK is set to have a referendum by the end of 2017 on whether to stay in EU. Report from Migration Watch, which advocates tighter immigration controls. It looks at possible policies that could be introduced if the UK voted to leave. Key change could be the introduction of work permits for EU nationals.
Government lawyers say no High Court order is needed. Judge refuses to make any declaration, or to order Mrs Spelman to outline plans for cutting pollution levels.
A judge in Baltimore has allowed lawyers to submit new evidence for the first time since his conviction. Lawyers will now be allowed to present new evidence on two fronts. The reliability of mobile phone records and the testimony of a potential alibi will be presented. Syed, 35, is serving a life sentence for
The small objects were hidden by artist Luke Jerram for his installation Treasure City. They were hidden with clues hidden in paintings at the 20-21 Arts Centre. The first one, a replica Viking brooch, was found in a wall in Kingsway Gardens, Scunthorpe.
Dale Pike, 25, "stood by and watched" as Gareth Pugh dived into lake. Mr Pugh lost his breathing equipment and drowned in February 2016. Pike received 32 months after admitting manslaughter by gross negligence.
Firefighters called to a home in Marlborough Road just after 22:00 GMT on Saturday. A man was removed from the home by firefighters, but later died in hospital. The cause of the fire is being investigated.
Spain international has scored five goals in his last six games. Clement worked with Ronaldo, Bale and Ramos at Real Madrid. The former Bayern Munich and PSG assistant manager has overseen five wins from eight Premier League matches.
Civil service could take control of Northern Ireland's budget if politicians fail to produce a spending plan. TUV leader Jim Allister believes the Executive must at least issue a budget before the permanent secretary is empowered to take control.
Richard Ratcliffe's wife Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was arrested in April. He says she has been held in solitary confinement over "national security" Gabriella, a British citizen, has had to stay with her grandparents in Iran. Mr Ratcliffe will present a card to the Iranian embassy in
Human stem cells have been injected into pig embryos to produce chimeras. They are part of research aimed at overcoming the worldwide shortage of transplant organs. The team at University of California, Davis hopes the human stem cells will take advantage of the genetic niche in the pig embryo.
Video: Tendai Msiyazviriyo.
Harper Lee's classic To Kill a Mockingbird was published 50 years ago this summer. Lee, 84, has never explained why she stopped writing. Her close friend Thomas Lane Butts, a retired minister in her hometown, Monroeville, Alabama, says she once told him the reason.
Caerphilly Council accused of lacking "Christmas cheer" by opposition Plaid Cymru group. Council leader Keith Reynolds said it has made cuts to protect key services. Labour group said the decision was taken reluctantly but had to save £12m.
Margarita Louis-Dreyfus said in April she would sell Marseille. A deal is set to be completed by the end of the year. Marseille finished 13th in 2015/16 and lost in the French cup final.
Four-time Olympic gold medal winner polled the most number of votes among the 542 members of the British team. The 36-year-old cyclist also carried the Union Flag at the 2008 closing ceremony in Beijing.
Amina Al-Jeffery, 21, was taken to Jeddah in 2012 by her father, Mohammed. He said he did it to "save her life" and she had been "deprived of her liberty" Mr Justice Holman said she was now a British citizen and must return home. But he said there
Derwen Brimmon yn ail i goeden 650 oed yn Wisniowa yng Ngwlad Pwyl. Cafodd y goeden Bwylaidd 1,400 yn fwy o bleidleisiau.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon called the plan "staggering in the extent... of its hypocrisy and incoherence" Labour said it was an "outrage" that ministers wanted to rush into making "profound constitutional change" Under the proposals, all MPs would continue to vote on all key stages of legislation
Hong Kong is home to 365,000 ethnic minority people, making up 6% of its population. The city still lacks a curriculum for children speaking Chinese as a second language. A lack of Cantonese language proficiency will present barriers in employment, leading to an increase in poverty.
Hard-fought-for policy united local political parties, but doubt now hangs over it. Although the legislation is in place, it needs a final green light from government. The Northern Ireland Executive must demonstrate its finances are on a sustainable footing.
Proposals include a new waiting area building and increased cycle parking. The site, which serves users entering from the west of the city, has been operating for more than 30 years. A public exhibition is being held at the Assembly Room at Oxford's Town Hall.
Three deaths have been reported and more than 30 people crammed into one cell, says LGBT Network. Government spokesman denies the allegations.
Rosberg has won the first three races of the season to build a commanding 36-point lead in the championship. Hamilton has finished second, third and seventh in the races so far.
New law comes into force on 1 August. It includes measures to ensure that bloggers cannot remain anonymous. Information must be stored on servers based in Russian territory. Human Rights Watch has called the law "another milestone in Russia's relentless crackdown on free expression"
Chinese nationals illegally living in Spain reportedly paid the ring to obtain fake contracts as domestic workers. In return they were given residency permits to work in Barcelona. Most of the employers allegedly involved are linked to the hotel trade in Lanzarote.
Train stabbings in Germany have raised questions about gun laws in the country. Germany's justice minister has called for tighter controls on assault weapons.
Former Forest boss says he would be delighted to return to the club. The 47-year-old was sacked in June after a falling out with the board. Steve Cotterill has led the Reds to just 22 goals in 27 games.
Muktar Edris wins men's 5,000m in 13 minutes 32.79 seconds. Mo Farah is beaten in the final lap by Ethiopia's Edris. It is the first time Edris has beaten Farah in five attempts. Britain's men win 4x100m relay gold as women
Ivan Cameron, who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy, died in hospital aged six. Mrs Cameron said it changed her husband's politics. She also spoke about her family's life in Downing Street.
First incident saw a 71-year-old woman tricked by someone claiming to work for BT. Now a woman in Stranraer has lost money to a caller who said he was contacting her about problems with her internet.
He died in a Dublin Hospital at 06:40 GMT on Friday. He was one of the witnesses who confirmed the decommissioning of IRA weapons. In 1988, Fr Reid was pictured praying over the bodies of two soldiers killed by the IRA.
Guardiola's side scored five goals in a thrilling first half at Allianz Arena. Bayern overturned a 3-1 first-leg deficit against the Portuguese side. The 44-year-old ex-Barcelona boss said: "It is easy to love my players now"
A Dairy Producer Organisation (DPO) is a legal entity in the EU. It aims to negotiate terms and conditions of supply with milk processors. There are currently one DPO in England, and one in Scotland. A working group is investigating what role DPOs could play in Wales.
Woman, 37, died at the scene while the younger girl later died of her injuries. Man and five-year-old girl discharged from hospital.
Fifa passes anti-racism resolution with 99% majority at its congress in Mauritius. Minor offences will result in either a warning, fine or order for a match to be played behind closed doors. Serious or repeat offences can now be punished by a points deduction, expulsion or relegation.
Craig Hignett succeeds Ronnie Moore as manager of Hartlepool. Moore parted company with the club by mutual consent earlier on Wednesday. Hartlepool are one place above the relegation zone.
Unexplained blaze broke out at a house in St Leonards on Thursday. The body of a man, believed to be in his 70s, was found inside the house.
The 51-year-old man was arrested in North Yorkshire on Wednesday. He has been bailed pending further inquiries. The vicar has been suspended for the duration of the investigation.
The 44-year-old was the oldest of the 12 referees chosen for the World Cup. Selection criteria is based on performances and fitness. Owens feels he has plenty more years in him.
Habtom Zerhom was first shot by a security guard at a bus station in Beersheba. He was then kicked and beaten by a crowd as he lay in a pool of blood. A post-mortem examination found he died of bullet wounds - not the beating. Officials said a prison officer
Kaka will replace Bayern Munich's Douglas Costa in Brazil's squad. The 34-year-old has only played 60 minutes for his country in three years.
Spain's Marta Corredera curled the hosts into an early lead. England striker Dan Carter doubled their lead moments later. Alex Scott made it 3-0 straight after half-time. Kirsty Linnett pulled one back for the visitors.
Ofcom eu bod wedi ailhysbysebu'r drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol yn Abertawe am nad oedd ymgeisydd yn ystod rownd gyntaf y broses drwydd
The move is part of Police Scotland's cost-cutting plan to centralise control rooms. If a decision is taken it is thought likely that the centre will close quickly afterwards.
Craig Harvey, 31, denies assaulting radiologist Marcel Strauss at Wishaw General. He is also accused of assaulting a prison officer and wrestling with three others. Mr Harvey faces a third charge of being in possession of a weapon.
Cardiff Council AM Jenny Rathbone and Swansea East AM Mike Hedges are applying separately to take part in a ballot. If they win, they will be able to propose a bill to ban fees. Mr Hedges said fees were a "tax" on some of society's poorest. The Welsh Government
Guidance produced by the General Medical Council. It will now consult doctors and the public about the guidance. Plastic surgeons said they were already using a two-week cooling-off period.
Colin Kazim-Richards scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Tomas Rosicky hit the bar with a long-range effort after the break. Theo Walcott was denied late in the game as Arsenal's hopes of ending their eight-year trophy drought were dented.
Scientists made the discovery while trying to understand the 'evolution of the animals' incredible roars. Their anatomical musical instrument is a bone in their throat called the hyoid bone. The largest hyoid is 14 times the size of the smallest.
Ms Rees replaces Jo Stevens, who resigned last month in protest. She is the fifth appointment to the role since the 2015 general election. Mr Corbyn said his team's strength would "develop Labour's alternative plan"
Marcel Lazar pleaded guilty to aggravated identify theft and unauthorised access of a computer. The 44-year-old inadvertently uncovered Hillary Clinton's private email account. Lazar, a former taxi driver in Romania, is believed to have hacked into about 100 US email accounts between 2012 and 2014.
Arriva Trains Wales facing criticism over 'unacceptable' Rugby World Cup queues. Firm wants to iron out issues before Champions League final in 2017. Trials include Queen Street station opening after big events.
Susan O'Brien QC has said those giving evidence must have experienced abuse no later than 17 December 2014. Furthermore, the QC wants any group which wants to express how the inquiry should proceed to make their views known by 31 January 2015. Survivors' groups have previously criticised a lack of progress in the work of
Attacker charged at Rajnish Thakur in his shop in Mumbai's Chembur neighbourhood. Naseeruddin Mansuri has been hailed a hero for rushing to defend Mr Thakur. But Mr Mansuri says he has received threats and fears for his life.
Culture committee chairwoman Bethan Jenkins said AMs had been told 70% more were needed. Alun Davies responded that around a third of teachers in Wales could speak Welsh.
Grant Clarke was left in urine-soaked sheets and had his emergency buzzer taken away. His partner Binny Moore set up a secret camera next to his bed to monitor his treatment. Footage showed his mistreatment was subsequently broadcast by the BBC. The Nursing and Midwifery Council suspended staff nurse Vanessa Kennard from practice for
Residents' efforts have helped Surrey reach target of recycling 50% of waste early. Items that can be taken to the recycle centres include wood, metal, televisions, mobile phones, low-energy light bulbs, fluorescent tubes and clothes.
Donald Trump predicts Paris attack will help Marine Le Pen in French election. Le Pen has campaigned on deporting suspected Islamic militants and a French withdrawal from the European Union. Former President Barack Obama spoke with another leading French candidate, Emmanuel Macron.
Fort Lewis-McChord is one of America's largest military bases. It has been labelled the "most troubled" base in the US military. Some claim cases of PTSD were being deliberately downplayed.
James studied drama and had a number of shows on the students' union radio station. He said he was 'completely honoured' to receive an Honorary Doctorate of Letters. Father Ted co-writer Graham Linehan and broadcaster Dame Jenni Murray are also receiving degrees.
Beach Buddies, established in 2006, co-ordinates weekly operations around the Isle of Man's coast. New initiatives also include more bins at various beauty spots around the island.
James Ward beats John Isner 6-7 (5-7) 5-7 6-3 7-6 (7-3) 15-13 in Glasgow. Andy Murray earlier beat Donald Young 6-1 6-1 4-6 6-2. The best-of-five tie continues with Saturday's doubles.
The underwater forest was discovered by Dawn Watson and Rob Spray from Sea Search. The prehistoric forest lay undiscovered until it was exposed by the extreme storms in December 2013.
Scott Flynn, 31, was spotted putting two packages in his mouth at police HQ. He planned on taking the drugs into Perth Prison to pay off a debt. Flynn admitted charges of theft, vandalism and being concerned in the supply of drugs.
University said the move at Singleton Park was "precautionary" Nobody was injured and police said cordon was precautionary. Royal Logistics Corps bomb disposal unit carried out controlled explosion.
Revenue totalled $23.5bn (£15.2bn), up 57% on 2009. Earnings driven by influx of gamblers from mainland China.
Ai Weiwei's first ever exhibition in Greece opens at the Museum of Cycladic Art in Athens. The Chinese artist spent time on the Greek island of Lesbos during the migrant crisis. Ai Weiwei: Lesbos is "such a beautiful island - blue water, sunshine, tourists and to see the boats
Sir John Chilcot will appear before MPs on the Commons Liaison Committee. The report criticised Tony Blair and his government's case for going to war in 2003. Mr Blair has continued to insist the decision to remove Saddam Hussein was justified.
Cerys Yemm ei lladd gan Matthew Williams, 34, ym miswedd 2014. Cafodd Mr Williams ei saethu gyda gwn Taser.
The value of a nation's currency is often described as its effective share price. The fall in the pound can be seen as a barometer of sentiment in the markets. Despite having fallen to lows we have not seen for 30 years, some in the market think the pound could still fall further against the
Whistleblowers are often subjected to bullying and harassment, MPs say. Commons committee says there is a "startling disconnect" between whistleblowing policies and practice. It calls for legal and counselling help and swift sanctions for those who victimise whistleblowers.
The annual event is organised by WWF, the global environment campaign. It encourages cities and individuals to switch off non-essential lights for an hour. This year, Russian President Vladimir Putin is taking part for the first time.
Thousands of mourners packed into Otto Warmbier's old high school. The service was held at Wyoming High School, Ohio, before his burial. His death has heightened tensions between the US and North Korea. Pyongyang has called President Donald Trump a 'psychopath'
Two-time semi-finalist lost 10-7 to fellow Scot Alan McManus. Maguire: "It's embarrassing that you can't get up for a match at the World Championship"
Angela Merkel's CDU lost votes in Mecklenburg-West Pomerania and North Rhine-Westphalia. Alternative for Germany (ADF) came second with 21% of the vote. Mrs Merkel said she was "very unhappy" with the election result.
Nearly one billion people smoked daily in 2015. That was a reduction from one in three men and one in 12 women in 1990. But population growth meant there was an increase in the overall number of smokers.
The 85-year-old likened the sport to a rock concert at which the band turned up but could not perform. On the issue of qualifying, Ecclestone blamed governing body the FIA for the new format, which was supposed to spice up race weekends. It did the opposite at the season-opening race in
Tata Steel fined £930,000 and ordered to pay costs of £70,000. Firm pleaded guilty to breaching the Health and Safety Act 1974. Two of the workers involved in the incident suffered coughing and breathing difficulties.
Sinn Fin, the UUP, Alliance and the SDLP will hold separate meetings with Theresa May. She has already held talks with the DUP this week about a deal to support her minority Conservative government. DUP sources have told the BBC an announcement on a deal with Tories had been delayed because of the
Four Taliban gunmen were killed in the gunfight, a source said. Another report said Mullah Mansour died but this is unconfirmed. Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid categorically rejected the reports.
Paul Pass, 49, was stabbed in his flat in Gloucester last October. Abdulmalik Adua, 17, and Rezwan Islam, 19, were both found guilty of murder. Adua and Islam were sentenced to a minimum of 16 years in prison. Bilal Ebrahim Moosajee, 19, was jailed
Warren Hall, 25, of Holland Crescent, Ashby de la Zouch, Leicestershire, was discovered dead. His former partner Sandie Rayne, 25, had suffered "extensive injuries" An inquest into his death has opened at Loughborough Coroner's Court.
Police were called to Argyle Street near the Argyll Arcade at about 01:00. A 32-year-old man was found injured and taken to Glasgow's Royal Infirmary.
Fans had to travel on official coaches under police escort. It is the fourth year the fixture has been marked as a "bubble match"
The 27-year-old is the first player to join the club since Thomas Christiansen was appointed head coach last week. Klich has previously had spells in his homeland and Germany.
It was poured onto the front archway of the hall in Clifton Street on the night of Sunday 26 August. In July, the hall was damaged in another paint attack. Police have appealed for information.
Wikileaks co-founder sought asylum at London's Ecuadorean embassy in 2012. UK officials said the bill for policing the embassy, which stands at £12m, was "unacceptable" Earlier, Swedish prosecutors dropped two sex assault claims against Mr Assange. Mr Assange still faces the more serious accusation of rape
There is a major unifying goal in these new discussions: to avoid collapse of Syria's security forces and civilian institutions. Ideas emerging from Arab and Western capitals include a ceasefire, amnesty for forces on both sides, and a transitional government. There's talk of a transition that could last up to two years
Jackson scored four goals in 36 appearances last season. The 22-year-old turned down a contract offer from Wrexham.
Seven members have not yet turned up, allegedly because of transport issues. Goalball is a sport for the visually impaired involving a ball with bells. IPC says it will check the facts and act accordingly.
Australia detains any migrants trying to reach its shores by boat. It takes them to offshore processing camps to be resettled elsewhere. On Thursday, the New York Times described the policy as "brutal"
Court would be moved from its current position to improve views from the hall. New court would be resurfaced with astroturf, says application. King's Lynn Borough Council will consider the plans at a later date.
Report highlights government's success in reaching new target of resettling 1,000 refugees by last Christmas. But it said there could be significant problems in meeting the target if pledges of help from local authorities did not become firm offers. Report estimates a need for 10,664 school places and 4,930 homes for the
It is claimed the man was kicked in the head a number of times. He was later treated in hospital for facial injuries. Police have appealed for information about the incident.
The mission is designed to enhance our understanding of how the Sun influences its environment. The probe's orbit will also take it high above the plane of the planets so it can see some of the processes at play on the Sun poles.
Scotland's first minister has gone the whole hog, saying she will next week push the button on a second independence referendum. Sturgeon's announcement will delight her many supporters. But can she win the referendum? The question first is whether or not the prime minister is willing to grant a vote.
The NI Composite Economic Index (NICEI) showed growth of 0.3% when compared to the first quarter of the year. Compared to the same period in 2013 the economy has grown by 1.2%. The growth is being driven by the services and manufacturing industries while construction output is still falling.
The first Scottish boat race took place on the River Clyde in 1877. Both Edinburgh and Glasgow University rowing clubs were formed 10 years earlier. Glasgow won every year between 2000 and 2012 but for the past four years Edinburgh has triumphed.
Net mortgage lending fell to £2.4bn in the April-to-June quarter. Building society said more people opened a current account with it during the three-month period than with any other provider.
The "black box" of the Su-24 jet was officially opened in Moscow on Friday. Data from the box could help resolve the dispute over the jet's location when it was hit. The downing of the jet plunged relations between Russia and Turkey into crisis.
The South Africa-born 23-year-old had been playing club cricket in the East Anglian Premier League this season. Kent have not disclosed the length of his contract.
Youngster yelped 'just get it off me' when he was hit by barbecue. His mother Kirsty McGuire said he was left screaming with pain. Rother council said disposal barbecues were banned from the beach.
MP for Birkenhead says vote could be'second-longest suicide note in Labour's history' Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has expressed Eurosceptic views in the past. The vast majority of Labour MPs back EU membership.
Woman suffered serious head injury in attack in Heysham, Lancashire. She was taken to hospital where she remains in a critical but stable condition. Man, 57, arrested on suspicion of attempted murder is now in a secure unit.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter was banned from all football activity for eight years. The 79-year-old was also handed an eight-year ban by the FIFA ethics committee. BBC Sport looks back at some of Blatter's most notable comments.
Lane Thomas Graves, 2, was killed by an alligator at Disney World in June 2016. Wildlife officials said the boy did nothing to provoke the alligator. Disney has now installed a lighthouse near the spot of the attack.
Michael Gove said he regretted standing for the Tory leadership. He said he made'mistakes' in the way he withdrew support from Boris Johnson. "If I'd been in her shoes, I would have sacked me too," he told the BBC.
UK must decide whether to opt into new Europol regulation by end of December 2016. Scotland's Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has urged the UK government to confirm it will do so. Since 2011, there have been 541 cases in Scottish courts in which proceedings were taken after an arrest on a European Arrest Warrant
Khan has been charged with culpable homicide by the Mumbai court. If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. The actor has always denied the charges against him.
Some of the 400 new homes in Kingsmere, Bicester, have no landline. Developer Countryside Properties said it provided ducting for the cables. BT said it proposed sharing the £45,000 cost of providing fibre-optic broadband.
Hamdi Alqudsi, 42, was found guilty of violating Australia's foreign incursion laws. He made travel arrangements for a group of would-be jihadists in 2013. Giving evidence for the first time, he expressed regret and said that he loved Australia.
Doctors' union calls for more funding to allow GPs to spend 15 minutes with each patient. NHS England said there are no national limits suggesting 10 minutes. But the NHS Choices website does state that GPs spend an average of 8-10 minutes each. BMA warned GPs faced "unsustainable pressure" from increasing workload
Scotland saw a 50% rise in new distilleries over the past year. In England, a record 35 new distilleries were opened last year compared with 28 the previous year.
Control of property and landfill taxes passes to Wales in April 2018. Until now, the Welsh Assembly and Welsh Government have largely been funded by a block grant. Negotiations are due to begin in the autumn over how much the grant will be cut.
A total of 304 people, mostly school students, were killed when the ship sank off Jindo island. Divers have recovered all but nine of the bodies. Relatives say the ship must be raised and their remains found. The government says salvaging the ship will cost $110m.
Richard Davies, 41, died of a single gunshot wound to the chest in October 2015. He was shot after firing at officers in St Neots, Cambridgeshire. His widow Samantha said she had a text from her child saying they were tied up.
Hatton and Fitzpatrick tied with Australia's Marc Leishman (71) at Bay Hill. Rory McIlroy moved up to a tie for eighth after a seven-under-par 65.
London Luton Airport in talks with planners about increasing passenger numbers from its current annual 11.5 million. It already has plans to increase footfall to 18 million passengers a year.
Local Government Association said councils have to balance spending on parks against other priorities. Commons Communities and Local Government Committee said housing demand was also putting parks at risk. MPs warned there was a risk of turning the clock back to an era of neglect of 20 to 30 years ago.
Narendra Modi is among the five most followed politicians on Twitter with 12.5 million followers. Analysts say he prefers social media over TV, print interviews or press conferences. On foreign policy matters, the PM appears to have forged "good personal relations" with world leaders.
Professor Arthur Boycott attended Hereford Cathedral School between 1886 and 1894. The book was borrowed by his granddaughter Alice Gillett, who returned it.
Sam Clucas joined Hull from Chesterfield in July 2015 for a reported £1.3m. The 25-year-old scored six goals in 52 appearances last season. Clucas made his Premier League debut against Leicester last Saturday.
Valentina Milluzzo was admitted to hospital in Catania, Sicily, in September. She went into premature labour in her 19th week of pregnancy. Her family's lawyer says a gynaecologist refused to abort the foetuses because he was a "conscientious objector" The hospital has categorically rejected
WorldWide Fan Clubs managed subscriptions and fan records for Duran Duran. The group claim they are owed $40,000 (£23,500) by the Illinois-based outfit. They were entitled to keep 25% of profits for their activities.
Australian, 21, beat world number 29 Querrey 6-4 6-4 in 53 minutes. Kyrgios, ranked a career-high 12th in the world, won the Japan Open on Sunday.
Andrew Armstrong, 33, pleaded guilty to one count of rape at an earlier hearing. The victim reported the rape to police in 2002 but no action was taken. A fresh investigation was launched in 2013 when the victim reported it again. Police said the woman had "suffered for years"
The project will create additional storage lanes for laden containers. It will also improve equipment access to landside and shipside operations. Grangemouth currently handles more than 150,000 containers annually.
The alium was introduced as a garden plant but escaped and is now rampant in woods and hedgerows.
MOTV is a paid-for video on demand app about hunting, shooting and fishing. It was launched this week in the UK, but immediately attracted criticism. The channel was keen to underline that it operates independently from Arsenal Football Club.
Shaun Coles, 24, of Louth, admitted a charge of sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13. The messages between the two were uncovered by the girl's mother after she went missing. Coles was jailed for a total of 30 months.
The woman was attacked in Sneem, County Kerry, on 20 September. The man was detained by officers in Killarney on Saturday morning.
Nick Warren, 57, got into difficulties as he tried to reach his black Labrador in stormy conditions. He was rescued by lifeboat crews but died later at Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Hospital, Margate.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was attacked at his Truro home by David Phillips. Phillips admitted assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent. He was given a life term in 2015 but has now had his sentence quashed.
Watson will work alongside Mark McGhee as assistant to Scotland manager Gordon Strachan. The 56-year-old left his role with Scotland after more than three years to take over as manager of Bradford City. It is a second spell as part of the coaching set-up for Watson.
Eleven of the refugees are children under the age of five, including a baby. The PSNI will also investigate any crimes against the Muslim community. This is the first time Northern Ireland has participated in a refugee resettlement program.
Anita Corless, 58, admitted causing death by dangerous driving. She was given a 16-month prison sentence at Mold Crown Court. The driving instructor said she had no memory of the fatal manoeuvre.
Serge Pauwels won the third stage of the Tour de Yorkshire. The Team Dimension Data rider timed his push perfectly on the final climbs. Team Sky's Tao Geoghegan-Hart finished fifth.
LGBT Youth Scotland surveyed 273 people aged 13 to 25 in Scotland. Half of respondents said they felt safe and supported by the legal system. The figure fell to 40% among those who identified as transgender.
Man died at the scene on Cottingley Cliffe Road, Bingley, West Yorkshire. Police said they tried stopping the car after it was seen "acting suspiciously"
Neymar's father, who acts as his agent, arrived at court with him. The case was brought by Brazilian third-party investment fund DIS. DIS alleges it was harmed by the transfer when it received 6.8m of Santos's fee.
More than 480 ballot papers for Hull East constituency were sent out without listing candidates. Hull City Council apologised and said a printing error had affected voters. The authority said it had hand-delivered the new ballot papers to the voters concerned.
Gatland says Wales fans can look forward with excitement to the 2012 Six Nations and beyond. The New Zealander felt that Leigh Halfpenny's 50th-minute sin-binning was "unlucky"
Paul Gascoigne appeared on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show. He talked about turning down a deal to sign with Manchester United. The 47-year-old also spoke about his battle with alcohol.
Ineos wants to conduct seismic surveys at Clumber Park to see if there is potential for fracking. The firm said the charity had blocked any contact for almost a year and it was considering seeking a court order. National Trust said it opposed any activities leading to the extraction of fossil fuels.
Officers said a 'huge recovery' of what was believed to be controlled substances were recovered. Properties in Manchester, Essex and London are also being searched. Suspects are currently in custody and being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to supply drugs.
Kyle Walker has signed a five-year deal with Manchester City. The fee is £50m including £5m of add-ons. Walker: "Pep Guardiola is one of the most respected managers in the world"
The runaway critter was spotted on top of the house in Cambridgeshire. Fenland Animal Rescue was called in, but it was "a bit of a wrestle" The animal was brought down safely, using a control pole.
The incident is one of four break-ins at the Britannia Enterprise Centre. Dog leads, dog coats, fish tanks, pet food and grooming equipment all taken.
Mugesera told members of Rwanda's ruling Hutu party to kill Tutsis. Some 800,000 people died in the genocide.
1,763 would-be students who had contacted or applied to UK universities. Almost half said that leaving the EU would make UK study less attractive. But 17% told international student recruiters that it would make them more attractive. The Vote Leave campaign said it was crucial to ensure there were enough places for young people from
Father said he did not want his daughter to have sex outside marriage. He married a 26-year-old Lebanese man in a ceremony in New South Wales. The pair also had sex at the father's home the following weekend. Judge said she hoped the punishment would act as a deterrent to others
Lego Movie creators Chris Miller and Phil Lord have optioned the rights to the podcast. They are developing a series which will chronicle the making of the podcast as it follows a new case. The Serial podcast has been commissioned for two more seasons.
Review for Commission on Local Tax Reform said there was no "magic bullet" to cure defects in the system. It said the council tax had built-in problems "from day one"
The British Hen Welfare Trust said 240 of the birds were in need of homes. The trust said the birds had spent the last 18 months laying eggs for supermarkets. It said they were healthy and "will soon become much-loved pets"
Naughton will help cover the loss of James Clare, who has a serious knee injury. The 21-year-old spent a year at Sydney Roosters before joining Hull in 2015.
Post-mortem examinations reveal the body belonged to a white man under 50. Police are liaising with Europol as the unidentified victim could be a foreign national. Witness saw a fire close to the road on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has been out of work since being sacked by Manchester United. The Dutchman also had spells in charge of Ajax, Barcelona, Bayern Munich and AZ. He cited family issues for his decision, with De Telegraaf saying it was partly motivated by the sudden death of his daughter's husband last
Scientists say the gene fault may encourage the formation of blood clots. About 150,000 people have a stroke in the UK each year. More than 100,000 heart attacks are recorded annually.
Raban Alou, 18, is charged with aiding and abetting the killing of a police accountant. Talal Alameddine, 22, is accused of supplying the weapon used by Mr Cheng's killer. Neither appeared in court and no applications for bail were made. Mr Alou's lawyer said
Google says it is still committed to launching the smart glasses as a consumer product. Instead it will focus on "future versions of Glass" with work carried out by a different division to before. Explorer programme, which gave software developers the chance to buy Glass for $1,500 (£990) will close.
Police said it was found in a private residence in Blanchardstown. A number of people were moved from their homes during the alert. The device was then removed to a secure military location for further examination.
South Africa and Burundi have already decided to withdraw from the ICC. The African Union took the decision on Tuesday following a divisive debate. However, the resolution is non-binding, with Nigeria and Senegal opposing a withdrawal.
King Salman set up a security agency, bringing together counter-terrorism and domestic intelligence. He also made several appointments to the team of his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. In June, the 31-year-old prince became the first in line to the Saudi throne.
Aberdeenshire-based Harbro Group saw pre-tax profit increase by £800,000. This was despite turnover falling by £1m to just over £100m. The company manufactures and supplies feeds for the beef, sheep, dairy, pig and poultry sectors.
Mr Trump said Mr Mueller's friendship with James Comey, who had been heading the inquiry until sacked from his role as FBI chief, was 'bothersome' Mr Mueller was given the role of special counsel by the justice department to lead its investigation into alleged Russian interference after Mr Comey was sacked on 9 May
High Court rules Jon Platt had no case to answer over daughter's absence. Isle of Wight Council asked court to clarify if a seven-day absence amounted to a child not attending regularly. Government has said it will now consider making alterations to the law.
Gunman opened fire on Annonciate Haberisoni as she was waiting for her hair to be done, witnesses said. Mr Rwasa accused the government of attempting to assassinate his wife. Tensions have been rising in Burundi ahead of elections in May and June.
Ofcom has told the government that the process could be accelerated to launch 4G networks in many places by May or June. It had been thought that it would take until the end of the year.
Mohammed Sufiyan Choudry and Zaiur Rahman were members of Al-Muhajiroun. The pair were caught in an undercover police operation in 2015. They were found guilty at the Old Bailey after a retrial.
The Football League wants to create an extra division with 20 teams in each from 2019-20. There are currently 24 teams in the Championship, League One and League Two. The Premier League and the Football Association have backed the proposal "in principle" A decision will be made at the Football League's annual general meeting
Scottish curry industry will celebrate its annual awards ceremony on Monday. Rules prevent non-EU chefs being employed if a restaurant offers a take-away service. UK government said this was designed to drive innovative cuisine. But industry sources say it has led to restaurants closing because they cannot recruit skilled chefs.
England lost 37-17 to France in their final World Cup warm-up game. Stuart Lancaster's side have one more game before the tournament. England face Ireland at Twickenham on 5 September.
Canadian Food Inspection Agency said no illnesses had been reported. The problem had been traced back to the production line. Province of Ontario was the first to remove the gin from stores.
Towell, 25, was knocked down twice during the bout in Glasgow on Thursday. He received treatment in the ring and was given oxygen before being taken to an ambulance on a stretcher. Towell's partner revealed he had been suffering migraines for weeks. But she had dismissed it as pre-match stress
Authorities are investigating the possible manipulation of diesel exhaust emissions in passenger cars. A Daimler spokesman said the software fix, which will cost about 220m euros (£195m), was not linked to the police investigation.
The material develops mineral phases that readily trap radioactive isotopes. Investigations at the atomic scale indicate the cement ought to retain this ability for at least 2,000 years. The experiments have been performed at the Diamond Light Source in Oxfordshire.
Muckamore are undefeated after four games with 20 points. Challenge Cup holders CSNI were well beaten by CIYMS. North-West Cup holders Donemana were 3-2 at one stage.
Aidan Chaves pleaded guilty to having an offensive weapon in a public place. But he denied screaming threats at Clacton supporters on the touchline. Stevenage Magistrates Court adjourned the case for a later hearing.
Michael Ondaatje and Peter Carey will not attend the PEN Literary Gala. They said PEN - known for defending imprisoned writers - was stepping beyond its role. Islamists stormed the Charlie Hebdo offices in Paris in January. Twelve people were killed during the attack, over the magazine's depiction of the
NHS Improvement said it wanted more progress in reducing the agency bill. Last year £3.6bn was spent on agency staff, but regulator wants that brought down by £1bn by the end of this financial year. A cap was introduced in October and has so far saved £600m.
Camden Glass, part of the Camden Group, has started a 30-day consultation with staff on the closure of its factory in Benburb. The firm produces and supplies PVCu window and door products. Camden Group has told Unite it will be creating 50 new jobs at a new plant in Antrim.
The UK's discount retailers have grown 48% over the past five years. This compares to the slower 34% expansion of the big four supermarkets. Poundland claims to have converted the middle class.
The children, aged five and six, were taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital. The man went to Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham. Their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening or life-changing.
Victim discovered with head and facial injuries in bedroom of Belfast flat. Woman, 41, has been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice.
Sayana Press has a smaller needle and no traditional syringe. dispenses by simply squeezing a plastic bubble, giving the protection she wants for three months. Burkina Faso was the first country to use it for contraception.
Investigations were suspended in 2011 after a critical report into the office. The report found that the independence of the office had been compromised. A follow-up inspection report concluded improvements had been made.
The investigation concerns two games involving the north Sydney-based Manly Sea Eagles last year. The games were against South Sydney Rabbitohs and Parramatta Eels. Manly's media department was unavailable for comment.
Part of a school roof was ripped off at Rhosgadfan near Caernarfon, Gwynedd. Hundreds of homes across Wales experienced power cuts. Friday has been one of the busiest days of the festive season on UK roads.
Vehicle was returning from a firing test when it fell into a river. Driver and tank captain survived the fall in Pingtung county, south Taiwan. The incident was part of preparations for next week's annual Han Kuang exercise.
Michael Garcia was a surprise choice to lead the Fifa investigation. He turned up unannounced to interview members of the senior executive committee. Mr Garcia eventually quit Fifa in December 2014, saying that a "lack of leadership" at the organisation had led to his decision.
Tries from Ashley Beck, Alan Wyn Jones and Nicky Smith help Ospreys to victory. Denis Buckley, Conor Gilsenan and Dan Baker crossed for Connacht. Dan Baker's late try secured the win for the home side.
Billy lost his lower legs and spent nearly a month in hospital after the accident. It happened during a race at Donington Park, days before his birthday. Now the Formula 4 racer is back behind the wheel - trying out a car specially designed to make it easy for him to drive.
Pop Recs Ltd hosted in-store gigs by acts from Franz Ferdinand to James Bay. It also earned the group an award for Britain's hardest-working band. Drummer Dave Harper, who runs the shop, is now looking for a new site. Sunderland City Council, which owned the building,
Goalkeeper Liam Gooch, defender Stephen O'Donnell, midfielder Danny Green and forwards Zane Banton and Craig Mackail-Smith will leave Luton. But keeper King, 19, and defender Potts, 23, are set to stay. Luton were beaten by Blackpool in the League Two play-off semi-finals
Lille striker Karim Benzia is eligible for Algeria through his parents. The 21-year-old played for France at every youth level from under-16. Algeria Football Federation said it will begin the process of registering the player.
England's netball players will become full-time athletes. Full details of central contracts will be announced in May. England are ranked third in the world, behind Australia and New Zealand.
South Wales Police is the largest Welsh police force area by population. It covers everything from Swansea to Cardiff and includes Bridgend, Rhondda Cynon Taf, the Vale of Glamorgan and Merthyr Tydfil.
Ovarian cancer is a difficult disease to treat, and the prognosis in the advanced stages is very poor. ONX-0801 is the first in a new class of drugs which work by mimicking the ability of folic acid to latch on to cancer cells. Once locked on to a cancer cell, the drug disrupts
Video shows Miss Yeates, 25, buying a pizza at a Tesco Express store near her home in Clifton. It is believed she returned home, but no trace has been found of the pizza or its wrapping.
The KLF made their comeback at a book launch in Liverpool on Wednesday. But fans have been told they will not be performing any music. Their new novel 2023 is described as "a utopian costume drama"
De Villota, 32, was hurt when her car hit a support truck at Duxford airfield. Surgeons "embarked on a lengthy procedure to address the serious head and facial injuries" She remains in a critical but stable condition.
Scotway House was built in 1885 as a drawing office for ship firm D&W Henderson. The building has been empty for about 20 years. Plans were submitted last year to convert it into student housing.
Mrs Haley is the daughter of Indian immigrants and was a vocal critic of Mr Trump on the campaign trail. A rising star in the Republican party, the 44-year-old is the youngest governor in the US. The Republican-controlled Senate will need to confirm her appointment.
Officials with access to classified information banned from going to China. There are concerns they may inadvertently reveal information. Relations between the two sides are already strained.
Brewers finished second in League One this term to clinch promotion. Clough first managed Burton in the sixth tier of English football in 1998. He said the size of the club, and town, meant surviving would be tough.
Soldiers from the 2 Scots battalion of the Royal Regiment of Scotland are being sent to Kabul. The last British combat troops left Helmand province in October last year. Their deployment is expected to last for seven months.
Pergolizzi is a songwriter for hire, donating hits to the likes of Cher and Rihanna. Then a Greek contact put out a single, Lost On You, and sent it into the Top 10. At one point, it was the fourth most Shazamed song in the world.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City 3-1 at the Etihad. Gary Cahill's own goal gave City the lead in the first half. Diego Costa equalised before Willian and Eden Hazard scored. Fernandinho was sent off for Manchester City.
Hasan Karkardi has been suspended for six months for sparring with Nick Blackwell. Blackwell was left requiring surgery to reduce swelling on his brain. The British Boxing Board of Control said Wilkins' conduct was "detrimental to the interests of boxing"
Inger Shah, 38, was one of 96 fans fatally injured at the 1989 FA Cup semi-final. Her son, Daniel, also attended the match, he stood with friends at the back of the Leppings Lane terrace. Both Daniel and his sister Becky, 17, were taken into care after the
XpoNorth takes place on 7 and 8 June in Inverness. Festival will bring together designers, writers and musicians. Alexander Enoch and his robot Marty will be a feature.
Holders Arsenal will face Brighton in the FA Cup fourth round. Chelsea will play Bradford City, who defeated Millwall in a reply. Manchester City host Middlesbrough and Bournemouth travel to Aston Villa. Liverpool face a home game against Championship outfit Bolton Wanderers. West Ham will travel to Bristol City, while Sheffield United
Captain Hogan, full-back Smith and midfielder Mafuta were all regulars. Manager Aspin has retained 14 players, and released five in Mitch Brundle, Toby Ajala, Nick Cassidy, Shaun MacDonald and Jack Elliott.
Manchester City host Liverpool at the Etihad Stadium (Saturday 5.30pm) City remain without long-term absentees Gabriel Jesus and Ilkay Gundogan. Liverpool will assess forward Roberto Firmino, who missed last weekend's win against Burnley with a minor injury. Dejan Lovren, who has been
Barrow say they'mutually agreed' to Cox's resignation 'in the interests of both parties' Michael Moore will take interim charge while club search for new boss. Barrow won just one of their five league matches last season.
Mark Turner, 55, tried to use an EpiPen to counter the severe allergic reaction. His wife then successfully used another pen to administer an injection. But he died from the reaction to the sting at his home on Dartmoor, Devon.
Keanu Marsh-Brown put Rovers ahead after four minutes. Dan Sparkes scored twice in seven minutes to put Torquay in front. Aman Verma headed in David Fitzpatrick's free-kick to make it 3-1. Ethan Pinnock put into his own net to double Torquay's lead. Christian Doidge
The pastor and his family fled Chibok in September after repeated attacks by militants. They moved to the nearby town of Mubi until it also came under attack the next month. The family now a living by selling firewood and as Rev Mark tells the BBC, the 12 months since the abductions have felt like
The State Duma voted 380-3 for the bill, two days after it passed its second reading. First-time offenders who do not cause serious injury will face a maximum of 15 days police custody instead of up to two years in jail. Campaigners say the bill would mean the "exoneration of tyrant
Rebels were mainly drawn from Kenya's major ethnic grouping, the Kikuyu. They had been pressing the British government in vain for political rights and land reforms. In 1952 the British declared a state of emergency and began moving army reinforcements into Kenya. So began an aggressively fought counter-insurgency.
Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year deal at Dingwall. The 32-year-old joined the Staggies in 2015. Davies lost the captaincy at the beginning of this season.
Prince Harry helped remove a 3.1m (10ft) crocodile from Darwin Harbour. Wildlife ranger Erin Britton said the prince would make "a great croc catcher" Meanwhile, the prince has completed an eight-day tour of New Zealand.
A Bhuvneshwar Kumar throw hit Reiffel on the back of the head on day one. Reiffel was replaced by Marais Erasmus. Scans gave the Australian the all clear but he has been advised to rest.
Carlos Ghosn said Nissan's decision to back the Olympics in Brazil was right. He said the company wanted to build a "much higher awareness" of its products. Brazilian car sales have slumped from 3.8 million vehicles a year to 2 million.
The River Wye is the last remaining native crayfish stronghold in Wales. Crayfish are considered a key indicator of the health of our rivers. Some fear the species could die out completely by 2030.
London Fire Brigade said 21 firefighters tackled the blaze. The cause of the fire is not yet known.
Steve McQueen's Oscar-winning drama will play at more than 1,000 locations. The memoir on which the film is based has also seen a boost. It has jumped more than 300 places in Amazon.com's bestseller's chart.
Niagara County Legislature voted in favour of asking New York's attorney general to investigate on Thursday. The Niagara Falls Water Board said it was caused by a "routine" water treatment and apologised for causing alarm to residents and tourists.
Dundee's Hemmings and Stewart scored in 6-2 win over Dumbarton on Saturday. Rangers, Aberdeen and Leeds United linked with Stewart. O'Dea says it would be 'virtually impossible' to replace the pair.
About 1100 athletes from 70 countries, aged between 15 and 18, will compete in 15 sports disciplines. The ethos of the Youth Olympics is cultural education and personal development. There are 70 gold medals at stake within the 15 disciplines at Lillehammer.
UKIP councillor Jeff Elenor announced he was defecting to join the Democratic Independent Group. He joins four other UKIP councillors who defected last month. They said they were unhappy with the council's lack of action over Manston Airport.
Times Educational Supplement says measures to guard against grade inflation were not appropriate for this year's English exams. Teaching unions have accused Ofqual of'regulatory failure' and say it is more evidence of flawed exam marking.
Residents and an official said the victims were travelling in a pick-up truck. They had been heading to a local market, according to the residents. There was no immediate comment from the coalition fighting the Houthi rebel movement.
Celebrations are taking place in the West Bank town where it is believed that Jesus was born. However this year they are overshadowed by the latest Israeli-Palestinian violence that shows no signs of abating. Young Palestinians regularly join protests that result in confrontations with Israeli soldiers.
Gwent and South Wales Police judged as good in annual "legmacy" assessments by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary. North Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Arfon Jones branded the force's report "inaccurate" Dyfed-Powys Police said it would "continue to improve"
Sian Grigg, from Cardiff, has been nominated for an Academy Award. She has worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on Titanic, Inception and The Great Gatsby. He thanked her during his acceptance speech at the Golden Globes. Pembrokeshire-born actor Christian Bale has also been nominated.
Charlie, of Merseyside, needs to fly back to Seattle, America for treatment. He urgently needs more T-Cell Therapy at Seattle Children's Hospital. His mother said she was "ecstatic" and "overwhelmed" by anonymous donation.
Of the firms, Air France was fined the largest amount - 182.9m - while KLM was fined 127.2m. The two carriers merged to form Air France-KLM in 2004.
Bournemouth are 13 points clear of the Premier League drop zone. Eddie Howe's side beat Swansea 3-2 on Saturday. King scored his second goal in as many games against the Swans.
Red Cross says 25,000 people have been evacuated from four districts. As many as 25,000 others could be waiting to leave in freezing conditions. Idlib already hosts some 230,000 displaced people in and around 250 informal camps. Turkey is also preparing to set up a "tent city" in Idlib to accommodate up to 80,000
On 17 December 2014, President Obama and President Raul Castro announced the historic decision to put decades of Cold War hostility behind them and re-establish long-frozen diplomatic ties. One of the few who knew it was coming was the US Charge d'Affaires in Havana, ambassador Jeffrey DeLaurentis. Key
McCourt, who previously owned the Los Angeles Dodgers, told L'Equipe he planned to invest 200m euros (£180m) in the club over the next four years. Nine-time Ligue 1 winners Marseille are 12th in the table after nine games.
Belgium uses 2.2 million bulbs to illuminate its roads - 186 bulbs per square mile. The images were taken from the International Space Station's "cupola" Astronaut says he likes to look out on the Earth while working out on an exercise machine.
Vladislava Podchapko went to her partner's Kiev flat without leaving food. Her son Daniil, aged one year and 11 months, died on 3 December. His sister Anya, nearly three, remained in the flat with the dead body for three more days. Anya is in intensive care
McQueen came through Southampton's youth ranks and has played one first-team game. The 20-year-old was a sub against Sunderland in the FA Cup in February 2014.
A £2bn 1.8-mile (2.9km) tunnel is the government's preferred option at Stonehenge. But Highways England is also considering a southern bypass route. Growing concerns over congestion on the A303 which has been described as "highly detrimental" by English Heritage.
Edward Griffiths is chief executive of Saracens rugby club. Griffiths has led Saracens to Heineken Cup glory and Premiership success. The former South African Rugby Union boss is known for his loose lipped approach.
Report compiled after interviews with more than 200 Rohingya refugees. Half of those interviewed by the UN said a family member had been killed. Many told investigators that members of the army or police had burned hundreds of Rohingya homes, schools, markets, shops, and mosques.
Water main in Chester Green burst on Sunday morning. It sent water gushing along Mansfield Road in the city. Ivy House School and Carlyle Infant School were closed. People in Chaddesden, Littleover and Mackworth reported brown water. Severn Trent Water said it could take up to five days to fix
The Green Lions, hosting the first ever cup match on the island, forced the preliminary qualifying round tie to a replay with a 2-2 draw. Guernsey, who play in English football's eighth tier, battled back from two goals down in front of a crowd of 1,142.
Wada's independent commission examined allegations of doping, cover-ups and extortion in Russian athletics. Warner says the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), must be restructured to combat the problem. The 323-page report said that "acceptance of cheating at all levels is widespread" in Russia
Kadiza Sultana, 16, is feared dead after an air strike in Raqqa, Syria. Her family solicitor said they heard a report of her death a few weeks ago. Security minister Ben Wallace said the government had reviewed the strategy. He said: "For Prevent to work we all need to
Specially-built set on Harewood Estate in Leeds is not being used for filming. Emmerdale moved to the set in 1998 after number of fans visited its original location. Spokeswoman said they had been launched as a result of "incredible success" of Coronation Street tours.
Dispute at De La Salle college in Andersonstown centres on incident prior to half-term. Many teachers are said to be concerned over the way it was handled.
Winemaker Cesare Blanco has been targeted by Sicily's rural Mafia. He believes they're trying to drive him off his land and destroy his business. They're believed to be involved in widespread fraud involving EU funds. EU's anti-fraud office is reviewing 35,000 applications for agricultural subsidies
The headset works with an experimental version of the BBC's iPlayer on-demand platform. Users can turn on and operate the app by concentrating or relaxing their minds.
HebCelt is taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July. Videos and band interviews will be among the online material available to view on phones and tablets.
naghel will return to dentistry, where "as a woman in my thirties, I will be treated as an equal" The 39-year-old won Olympic silver in Beijing in 2008. She criticised team-mates and coach Shane Sutton when she was left out of the team pursuit races at the London Olympics two
Play has been stopped 10 times in five days. There will be at least eight guaranteed singles' matches, plus any more which are not completed on Saturday. Tickets must be purchased in advance online, with none available on the day.
Volunteers rang emergency 115 number themselves or got friends or relatives to do it. Their commander allegedly skipped shifts in order to start fires. The team, in the Ragusa district, came under suspicion because they were called out more often than others.
There were 31,000 offences recorded in the year up to April 2014, up 8,500 on the previous year. Figures compiled by the charity show 85 offences were recorded by police every day. High-profile cases had "played a contributory factor" in encouraging people to come forward.
New restrictions apply to flights from the US to 10 airports in eight countries. Inbound flights on nine airlines operating out of 10 airports are covered. Phones and medical devices are not affected by the US ban. British ban, announced hours after the US measure, is similar but applies to different airlines.
North Korea claims it is making progress in miniaturising nuclear weapons. Defence official says programme is in a 'full-fledged stage of miniaturisation' But analysts say it is difficult to assess the true extent of the programme.
Up to 43.5m cubic metres will be imported daily, pipeline operator says. Ukraine paid Russia's Gazprom $378m in advance for December deliveries, officials say. Russia cut off Ukraine's gas in June as the conflict escalated. But a new gas deal was reached through EU mediation in October
Derby County captain Richard Keogh scores the only goal of the game. Keogh headed home after Craig Bryson's cross from the left. Shaun Pearson saw his header saved for Grimsby. Kayden Jackson's shot was cleared off the line in injury time.
Debra Milke was convicted of plotting the murder of her son in 1990. The case rested largely on an alleged confession to a detective. However, the detective did not record the confession and has since been implicated in several cases of misconduct. An appeals court ruled last year that prosecutors had known about Mr Sal
Care Quality Commission said staff were committed to providing high quality, safe care. Inspectors also saw some "outstanding practice" at East Midlands Ambulance Service. In April it was revealed EMAS had overspent by almost £12m.
Huddersfield Town earn first win of the season against Leeds United. Aaron Mooy scores the only goal of the game in the second half. Leeds slip to third from bottom with just one win from first six league fixtures.
Ms Chidzoy was investigating East of England Ambulance Service boss Anthony Marsh's salary package. She said the story was dropped after assistant editor Steve Silk received a late-night email from then-Liberal Democrat health minister Norman Lamb. Sent from a private account, it noted Mr Lamb's "real concern
Scottish Fire and Rescue Service were alerted to reports of a fire. One local spoke of hearing a bang. A rest centre was being set up for residents.
The group, from Seattle's Alpine Ascents International, was last heard from on Wednesday. There were two guides and four clients in the party, which began a five-day expedition last Monday. Park spokeswoman: "We don't believe there was a viable chance for survival"
Weatherson opened the scoring with an unstoppable 15th-minute free-kick. Matt Flynn made it 3-0 six minutes later with a fine finish. Queen's pulled a consolation goal back in stoppage time through John Carter.
Leigh Halfpenny's five penalties had seen the Lions lead 15-9 until five minutes from time. Wallabies centre Adam Ashley-Cooper crashed over for the only try. Christian Leali'ifano held his nerve to land the conversion.
Cyrus Mistry says he had become a "lame duck" chairman and alleges constant interference. He also warned the company risks huge writedowns across the business. Tata said it currently had no response to the allegations.
The ATP World Tour Finals get under way on Sunday. Security is under review but the same measures are in place as last year. Jamie Murray opens play alongside doubles partner John Peers.
Wigan Warriors called off their Super League clash with Widnes Vikings. The match was supposed to take place at the Vikings' Bellewtice ground. But the pitch had been damaged by Storm Doris and needed time to recover.
Anthony Martial's agent has reportedly said he is'studying' a move to Sevilla. The 21-year-old was Manchester United's top scorer last season with 17 goals. But his equaliser in Saturday's 2-1 Premier League win over Middlesbrough was just his fifth strike of this season.
Mike Huckabee launched a surprisingly successful presidential bid in 2008. He opted to sit out the campaign, despite polls showing him leading the Republican field. Now, however, Mr Huckabee's heart is saying yes. He has quit his media commitments and is diving into the 2016 race.
John Terry opened the scoring for Chelsea after Juan Mata's free-kick hit the outside of the post. Daniel Sturridge made it 2-0 six minutes into the second half. Ji Dong-Won scored a last-gasp consolation goal for Sunderland.
North Korea has carried out two successful tests of a new ballistic missile. US and South Korea say the first failed, but the second flew higher. The UN Security Council expressed its opposition after an emergency meeting.
The bank said it aimed to raise $5.1bn through the rights issue and would cut 15,000 jobs by 2018. The news came as Standard Chartered announced a third-quarter pre-tax loss of $139m for the three months to September.
Brendon Constant, 87, was accused of smothering his 86-year-old wife Jean. He died in hospital after suffering "catastrophic" head injuries in a fall at home. Mr Constant did not enter a plea to the murder charge before his death.
Hidden cameras counted 106 tigers in the wild on the Bangladeshi side of the Sunderbans, and about 74 on the Indian side. The figures mark a sharp decline from the 440 animals recorded 10 years ago. Experts say the decline is mainly down to rampant poaching.
The 19-year-old was taken off in the 15th minute at Vitality Stadium. He will undergo further examinations in the coming days to establish the extent of his layoff. The Brazil international completed a £27m from Palmeiras in January.
Carl N Chuiln said they stood down just before she was due to meet board representatives. They were there to discuss a report by the Head of Internal Audit at the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure. She said she advised the remaining members at the meeting "of my deep concerns
Symantec says Wifatch program is closing loopholes and fixing bugs on routers it infects. Symantec has monitored the network of "vaccinated" devices but, so far, has not seen it put to malicious use. About a third of all the devices it had hit were in China with Brazil and Mexico
Borussia Dortmund fans attacked RB Leipzig supporters on Saturday. The club is challenging for Champions League football in its first season in the top flight. But the club is wholly owned by energy drink giant Red Bull.
Two-vehicle crash on the A470 between Rhayader and Llangurig roundabout. Road was closed between 17:30 and 15:00 GMT. A483 north of Welshpool was also shut after a crash involving five vehicles.
Finance minister to be replaced by social development minister. Was seen as main organiser of controversial meeting between Trump and Pena Nieto. Visit widely criticised by Mexicans both in the national press and on social media.
Tal Afar has been a so-called Islamic State (IS) stronghold since 2014. It is a two hour drive from the Turkish border, and the main road from Mosul to Syria runs through the city. 40,000 troops are taking part in the fighting - three Iraqi Army divisions, Iraqi and US-led
Lee Novak diverts Kevin Foley's pass home in the 87th minute. Chris Long had given Fleetwood the lead in the fourth minute with a rocket. Josh Magennis nodded in Ricky Holmes' cross to make it 2-1. David Ball curled the ball into the top corner to restore Fleetwood's
Michael Eisner will address fans on Thursday with details of his £5.67m offer. Shareholders and PST members will vote on Eisner's proposals later this month. Eisner, 75, has presented the terms of his offer before a town hall-style meeting.
It is part of a research project run by WWF and local organisations. The charity says the turtle was followed during the filming and the camera collected at the end.
Richard Duffy fired Vale in front after Neil Collins headed down a corner. Scunthorpe's Paddy Madden could have levelled later on but fired the ball over the crossbar. Kyle Wootton's late goal rescued a point for Mark Robins' side.
Alex Revell scores twice as MK Dons defeat Ipswich. Brett Pitman and Sean Varney also on target for Portman Road side.
Mr Weah got 78% of the vote for the Montserrado county seat. He beat Robert Sirleaf, the son of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. Low turnout in the poll was blamed on concerns about Ebola.
Austria's Wiesberger holed out from five feet on the extra hole to win. Fleetwood had made up eight shots on Austrian after a final round of 63. England's Fisher finished joint third after a bogey on the 18th.
Van den Berg played 13 times for Liverpool as they finished fifth in Women's Super League 1. The 26-year-old centre-back led her country at the 2015 World Cup in Canada.
Centre-back Anderson, 27, has cancelled his Barrow contract by mutual consent. The ex-Aldershot and Exeter player could feature against his old club on 18 February. Striker Keating, 21, was recommended to Gulls boss Kevin Nicholson by Micky Adams.
Belfast City Council has ordered an investigation into the issue. Bonfire makers say council agreed to store pallets but did not.
Gumplewink, grobbled and sleep squiggler were unused but found in his archive. Dahl would scribble his words on yellow pages from the American legal pads he used to write in. Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary was compiled by lexicographer Dr Susan Rennie.
New owners, who bought the British brand three years ago, will start production next year. The company hopes to be producing around 2,000 cars a year by 2022. It will initially assemble the car in Ebbw Vale - bringing in the V8 engines from Cosworth.
Lewis Hamilton finished sixth in Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. The British driver damaged his car after a collision with Daniel Ricciardo. Hamilton extended his championship lead over Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Shortly after midday, the FTSE 100 was 37.55 points higher at 6,256.81. M&S shares sank 8% after the retailer warned of a hit to short-term profits. Bank shares helped to bolster the wider market, with RBS up 3.6% and HSBC 3.4% higher.
Garrett scored in Portadown's 3-1 win at Shamrock Park. But the midfielder should not have been on the pitch due to suspension. Ards have now been handed the win on a 3-0 scoreline. The Ports are now eight points adrift at the bottom of the table.
Witness described seeing a 'flash right across the sky' as aircraft came down. The condition of the pilot is not known. Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) deployed to the scene.
Margaret Stewart admitted stealing from her employer Ivanhoe Cambridge. She then used her position as treasurer at the boys club to pay cheques. Stewart, 48, from Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, was also told to repay £27,000.
Two dozen behemoths were identified, all with masses in excess of a hundred times that of the Sun. Four were known previously, including the remarkable colossus catalogued as R136a1. But the new survey finds many more in a tight patch of sky within the Large Magellanic Cloud.
The Serie A side reacted by vowing to ban anyone identified with the songs. Roma were fined £42,400 after the game against Balotelli's AC Milan was halted. The striker was the target of more racial abuse in Sunday's game with Napoli.
Plymouth Argyle beat Crawley Town 2-0 in their Vanarama Conference clash. Oscar Threlkeld and Craig Tanner scored for the Pilgrims. Doncaster's draw at Mansfield means Argyle are now two points clear.
Scripps' channels include the Food Network and Travel Channel. The two companies are estimated to have 20% of ad-supported TV viewership in the US.
QPR insist Steven Caulker was not involved in an altercation. The defender was taken to hospital with a cut to his head. QPR owner Tony Fernandes says Caulker slipped over.
Siri currently pronounces the singer's name as "StreiZAND" The next Apple update is due on 30 September. Streisand is currently on tour for her new album, Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway.
Protests erupt after policeman allegedly kills man and wounds two others. The policeman has been arrested and the case referred to prosecutors. Egypt has seen a series of allegations of police brutality in recent months.
Turing Pharmaceuticals bought rights to 62-year-old drug Daraprim. Price per pill increased from $13.50 to $750. Company will cut price by 50% for hospitals and offer financial assistance.
Derby ended an eight-game winless Championship streak with a 3-1 victory at Brentford on Saturday. Martin came off the bench with the Rams trailing 1-0 and helped create one goal before scoring the third - just his second goal in 19 games. The 27-year-old's strike was his 10th league goal
777-200 was carrying 294 passengers from Paris to Vancouver. Airline said plane landed "normally" at 13:20 local time. Air France added that it had sent a second aircraft to Prestwick.
A third of children in Wales were said to have good oral health overall. Decay was found in 52% of 12 year olds and 63% of 15 years olds. Severe dental problems were worse among children from poorer backgrounds.
A weaker pound makes UK-produced goods cheaper in overseas markets. The bank's chief economist said cross-border shopping has also benefited. HM Revenue and Customs data shows a 6% rise in the value of exports to £7.4bn.
New proposals include a single tower rather than two skyscrapers. Historic England said the plan was "getting there" The public body said the previous scheme threatened to "erase" history.
Police called after reports that a motorbike had left the road. The incident happened on the A630 just outside Conisborough.
Callaghan won two league titles with the Crues in 1995 and 1997. His most recent position was as Roddy Collins' assistant at Waterford United. He replaces Kieran Harding, who quit last month after Carrick lost seven of their opening nine games.
Jay Bell's actions on 26 July 2013 caused the infant to suffer brain bleeding, retinal haemorrhages and a broken rib and ankle. As a result of the brain injury, the child suffers from cerebral palsy and is registered blind. Bell, 23, from Mayfield in Dalkeith, last month admitted
Edmund backed up two wins in qualifying with a 6-3 6-2 victory over world number 73 Garcia-Lopez in Beijing. The 21-year-old goes on to face another Spaniard, Roberto Bautista Agut, who beat John Millman 6-4 3-6 6-3. Andy Murray will play Italian Andreas Seppi in his opening match
Teenager has not been seen since about 18:00 GMT on Friday. Two men, aged 27 and 28, who were arrested on Monday on suspicion of kidnap have been re-arrested.
Elliott Durrell nets stunning volley to put Blues ahead after 12 minutes. Tom Shaw doubles Chester's lead after Theo Vassell's superb ball through. James Alabi heads in a second goal after the break to seal victory.
The 26-year-old ex-Dagenham and York defender started all but four of Wood's league matches last season. Striker Ryan Bird has joined from Newport, signing a one-year deal with an option of a further year.
Analysis of voting patterns in 2,500 council wards since 2012 shows wide disparities. Most of the areas where the fewest people voted in recent elections are in the North. The Electoral Reform Society said it was vital people turned out to vote.
The 23-year-old back will leave Bristol at the end of the season in May. "I had a number of offers from England, France and Japan, but moving back to Wales was the correct decision," said Morgan.
Henderson made only 13 league starts last season due to an ankle injury. The 23-year-old midfielder was signed a year ago from Hull City.
Peter Crouch's contract at Stoke expires at the end of the season. The striker has scored 29 goals in 117 Premier League games for the Potters. Crouch has started all but one of Stoke's last six games.
Mao portrait was sold in London for £7.6m in 2014. It is being put up for sale with Sotheby's in Hong Kong. The photograph that Warhol used for the portrait was one that adorned the inside cover of the so-called Little Red Book.
The partially-underground house was labelled a "Teletubbies" home because of its petal-shaped design. The planning committee approved the development by 12 votes to nine.
Original film saw Tom Hanks play a man saved from drowning as a boy. He later meets a mermaid, whom he meets 20 years later. Tatum and Bell starred in last year's undercover cop comedy 22 Jump Street.
Ms Johnson became the first woman to fly from the UK to Australia in 1930. The 37-year-old died in mysterious circumstances during World War Two. Her body has never been found.
Philip Hammond said he would review economic data over the coming months. He added that the Treasury will act "if we deem it necessary to do so" Labour's shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, dismissed Mr Hammond's plan as "just warm words from another Tory chancellor"
The Durham version has been running since 2009 and attracted 175,000 people in 2013. The London event will take place from 14-17 January. Julian Opie will be among more than two dozen artists taking part.
Germany took the lead through Tom Grambusch in the 19th minute. Ireland hit back through Shane O'Donoghue's close-range finish. Alan Southern and Eugene Magee scored to make it 3-2. Sean Murray tapped in to seal victory.
Isle of Wight Council tried to fine Jon Platt £120 for taking his daughter to Florida during the school term. But magistrates backed the father, so the council appealed to the High Court. The legal case rests on what constitutes "regular attendance"
Jessica Chisnall, 15, was hit by a bike as she walked home from school. She suffered a severe head injury which resulted in bleeding on the brain. Her parents, Carl and Sara, said Jessica had "a long road to recovery" Two males were arrested and released on bail, police said
Staff Sgt Clinton Romesha, 31, led battle against hundreds of Taliban fighters. About 50 US soldiers were at Combat Outpost Keating near Pakistan. The father-of-three lives with his family in Minot, North Dakota.
Net migration is currently running at 273,000 a year. Leave Means Leave says the measure would help get net migration below 50,000. It wants to combine the Australian points-based system with work permits.
One person has been arrested in relation to the incident. Charing Cross station was closed for more than half an hour. Witness said there were "cops everywhere" at the time.
Seonaid McIntosh wins 50m rifle three positions event. Elder sister Jennifer McIntosh won gold in 50m prone on Monday.
Bank of England cut interest rates to 0.25% and pumped billions of pounds into economy. Carney said the Bank took "timely, comprehensive and concrete" action. He added he was "absolutely serene" about the Bank's preparations for impact from vote.
Britain have won medals at all six Olympics in which the sport has featured. Lizzy Yarnold and Amy Williams are back-to-back Olympic champions. Shelley Rudman is the reigning world champion.
The fight will be over four three-minute rounds. Adams' second as a professional and first in her home city for 20 years. Josh Warrington defends his WBC international featherweight title against Kiko Martinez.
The 32-year-old recorded a time of 34.259 seconds in Szeged, Hungary. That is better than the 35.197 that won gold in Rio last year. Maxime Beaumont was second, pipped on the line by Heath with 0.05 seconds between them.
Isle of Man beat Hungary 3-1 in final of ConIFA European Football Cup. Goals from Ciaran McNulty, Sam Caine and Conor Doyle. Team spokesman said it was a "golden chance which they took"
Abels Shipbuilders at Albion dockyard on Bristol's Floating Harbour is to cease trading. Bristol City Council said it will continue to partly lease the site as a repair facility. There is uncertainty over the future of the dry dock, and owner David Abels, 66, hopes it is not redeveloped
The report was published by the Older People's Commissioner for Wales. Welsh government said it was already taking action on issues raised in the report. Experts undertook unannounced visits to 100 care homes across the state. More than 2,000 questionnaires were completed by care home residents and their families.
Right to buy scheme was first started under Margaret Thatcher's government. Charity Shelter says the plans risk diminishing the stock of "genuinely affordable" social housing.
Since 2010 the number of cases among Londoners has risen by 163%. 90% of those reported in 2015 among men who have sex with men. Public Health England said people were "putting themselves at risk through unsafe sex"
Man suffered serious injuries in attack at a house in Bonnyrigg. He was taken to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, where he later died. Man due to appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday.
The 29-year-old was a free agent after leaving Notts County in January. Ghana-born player represented Belgium at youth level. Ian Foster leaves Portsmouth by mutual consent to take up role with FA.
Philippe Montanier was sacked as Forest manager on 14 January. Carlos Brazil took charge of his first game in charge against Bristol City. Forest are 19th in the Championship and just five points above the relegation zone.
Southern Australia has seen some of the worst bushfires for 30 years. Injured possums, koalas, kangaroos and wallabies have been arriving at rescue centres. A charity called IFAW appealed for the public to sew tiny mittens, to help protect koalas that had burned paws. Now the
Cleft palate is a gap in the roof of the mouth leading to difficulties sucking adequately and trouble feeding. Last year 28% of babies with a cleft palate alone did not get a diagnosis within 24 hours. And 5% of cases had not been picked up after a month. Campaigners say the problem can affect
The women claimed their pay had been cut after the contract switched from Wakefield Council to C&D Cleaning. Labour MP for Hemsworth Jon Trickett said: "With only days till Christmas it looks like Scrooge has been brought back to life from Victorian times"
The 34-year-old scored 14 league goals in 64 league games between 2002 and 2004. Parkin is likely to go straight into the Minstermen's team for Saturday's trip to Tranmere.
Labour leader pledges to give councils new franchising powers. He also says he will allow them to set up local bus companies. Mr Smith's campaign said all of Mr Corbyn's proposals were already Labour policy.
Canadian team analysed data from 48 separate trials. Found sticking to a diet was more important than the diet itself. Obesity experts said all diets cut calories to a similar level.
Amanda Telfer, 43, died when three frames fell on her as she walked past a building site. The frames had been left unprotected and unrestrained against a wall. Kelvin Adsett, 64, from Slough, was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence. Damian Lakin-Hall, 50, from
Nobbs has won two league titles, three FA Cups and four Continental Cups. She has won 24 international caps and helped England finish third at the World Cup in Canada last summer.
Wigan Warriors beat Brisbane Broncos 30-6 in the World Club Series final. The victory was the first for the northern hemisphere over Australia's NRL. Warriors coach Shaun Wane said: "Let's give Super League a pat on the back"
Representatives from more than 160 countries decided to set aside a radio frequency for the satellite tracking of planes. The deal will enable satellites to receive transmissions, known as automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast. This will allow "real-time tracking of aircraft anywhere in the world," said Francois Rancy, head of the ITU
Chinese authorities had never before reported this to international wildlife group. Wildlife experts believe "tiger farming" in China has fuelled demand for the poaching and trafficking of the endangered species.
The EY Item Club think tank predicts the economy will grow 1.9% this year. It expects that performance to fizzle out as inflation rises. Meanwhile, a senior Bank of England official told the BBC that inflation may surpass its 2% target.
Craig Hughes, 33, of Flint, was arrested by North Wales Police in August. He chatted online with the Hope Line Crisis Centre in Tennessee. Fears were raised over a planned murder bid involving police. Hughes admitted two charges at Mold Crown Court on Friday.
Highlands and Islands Airports Limited (Hial) said flights would allow people to spend a full day in the Netherlands before returning home.
Rob Kearney, Josh van der Flier and Zane Kirchner crossed to cancel out scores from Seymour and Tim Swinson. The bonus-point win sees Warriors level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys.
Llanbedr airfield, near Harlech, is one of eight which has been looked at. Gwynedd Council says it would support the development. Snowdonia Society is opposed to the impact it could have on national park.
Arcade Fire revived revellers' spirits with a series of arms-aloft anthems. Earlier, every stage at the event was closed after lightning struck ground. Dance act Rudimental were escorted off the main stage mid-set.
It will be the first time that the tournament has been held in England since 1993. The tournament consists of 31 matches, with Lord's hosting the final on 23 July.
At least five members of an oil exploration team were killed, a spokesman for the University of Maiduguri said. Soldiers and members of a vigilante group also died in the ambush. The high number of casualties will be a blow for the government, which insists the insurgency is all but defeated.
He passed away peacefully in hospital on Tuesday after a short illness. Lally became a household name in Ireland for his role as Miley Byrne in the RTE soap opera Glenroe.
Steven Finn takes two wickets on first competitive appearance since January. Ian Bell was one of two early Warwickshire wickets to fall. Jonathan Trott and Varun Chopra saw Bears to 146-4 by early close.
The Dongsha Atoll is rich in marine life and is regarded as one of the world's most important coral reefs. It is located in the South China Sea, near south-eastern China and the Philippines. High-pressure system caused temperatures to spike to 6 degrees, leading to the death of 40% of
All major European markets had fallen into negative territory, joined by US stocks. The president of Cyprus, Nicos Anastasiades, later addressed his country in a television broadcast. Cyprus will receive 10bn euros ($13bn; £8.5bn) in bailout funds, but has agreed to a major restructuring
Ian Toothill said he believes he is the first cancer patient to scale Everest. The Sheffield Wednesday fan planted a flag of rivals Sheffield United at the summit. 47-year-old personal trainer has raised almost £31,500 for Macmillan.
The association that runs the hall in Llanwinio described the changes as "unreasonable and unfair" But the Diocese of St Davids said as a charity it was "obliged by law" to charge market-value rent.
Adrian Evans, 44, Patrick Evans, 78, and nephew Joel Richards, 19, were killed. All three men were Walsall FC fans. Prime Minister David Cameron has led tributes to the family.
Inspectors said more able pupils were not challenged enough. Welsh government said it was working with local authorities over science.
Offers to protect religious sites have come from Muslims who include military servicemen, lawyers and Emmy Award-winning TV broadcasters. The JCC Association of North America reported more than 100 bomb threats against Jewish centres in the first two months of 2017. On Monday alone, a gunshot was fired through a Hebrew school window at an
Jason Bryden, 38, was repeatedly stabbed during the attack at his home. He died in Kilmarnock's Crosshouse Hospital three days later. James Clark, 36, was jailed for a least 22 years after being convicted of murder. His brother, John, was convicted of culpable homicide and jailed for
Singer had to restart his first song three times and his second song once. Lots of fans drifted away during the set, especially during a stuttering first half.
Assistant boss David Weir and sporting director Frank McParland will also depart the Bees, who are currently seventh in the Championship table. Former City trader Warburton took charge in 2013 and guided the club to promotion from League One last season. Owner Matthew Benham: "Some of the decisions taken, like this one
Lawyer for event organiser accused the UMP of ordering fake invoices. Reports say the scandal could damage the party and complicate any efforts by Mr Sarkozy to be re-elected. Police searched the headquarters of the party in Paris on Monday afternoon.
U.S. and Cuba fell out in 1959 after Fidel and Raul Castro took power. No American president has visited Cuba since then. In 2015 President Obama re-opened the US embassy in Cuba.
Fire started on the deck of the vessel St Faith during sailing from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight. Wightlink said early indications showed the fire may have started in an air conditioning unit close to the bridge.
Craig Rodger, 25, was hit by a Porsche in Chorlton, Manchester, in March 2014. Mohammed Omayr and Raheel Rehman drove to nearby Brookburn Road. Rehman set fire to a Porsche Panamera, leaving Chaudhry to flee the country. Six days later he died in a collision in
Advert for Nivea invisible deodorant said "white is purity" It was posted on the firm's Facebook page, geographically aimed at its followers in the Middle East. Many on social media complained the post was racist, but it was also widely-shared among alt-right users.
Cambridge United captain Leon Legge scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Exeter City had earlier spurned a glorious chance to go ahead when Joel Grant blazed over. David Wheeler's header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner.
Mike Phillips is Wales' most-capped number nine. The 33-year-old played for the British and Irish Lions five times. Phillips joined Racing 92 in 2013.
New maps are being made available to help researchers produce more robust assessments of seismic hazard. Key to the UK scientists' work is the high performance of the EU's new Sentinel-1 radar satellites. In time, the mapping exercise will be extended to cover all major seismic hazard zones.
"I truly believe we are on the brink of something special in our country," he says. "Three million apprenticeships, more help with childcare, helping 30m people cope with the cost of living by cutting their taxes," he adds.
Sarah Taylor top-scored with 66 as England posted 156-6. But South Africa reached 145-3 when the match was called off due to rain. South Africa take 2-1 series lead ahead of Sunday's decider in Johannesburg.
UKIP group leader Neil Hamilton says Gill is a part-time AM. But Mr Gill says he is fully involved in all of his jobs. UKIP has handed spokespeople roles to all of its AMs.
Flight EZY6238 was carrying 170 passengers from Berlin to Bristol. Some passengers reported the smell of smoke in the cabin. Easyjet spokeswoman described it as a 'technical issue'
Sutton Trust says many apprenticeships are low quality and too short. Compared with other European countries, many are poor. Only 1 in 5 apprenticeships offered by employers in England, report says. In Germany, over half of new apprenticeships are for youngsters.
The application was due to be considered by Conwy council next week. Innogy Renewables UK said the decision to withdraw the application was made following a late request for additional information. The project, providing power to 3,200 households, attracted opposition from environmentalists, anglers, canoeists and businesses.
Gang was arrested as part of one of the largest undercover operations in Wales. Four were convicted after trial, while six others pleaded guilty to their part. Arrests made after police seized 40kg of the drug in 2014. Most was found inside a speaker and a suitcase in a car stopped on M5
The 20-year-old had "cardiac arrhythmias" during the game against Werder Bremen. The club statement said the chances of recovery from the damage is nil. On Monday, the club had said tests showed his "heart is normally functioning"
Welfare, work and wealth have become the defining issues of this Stormont administration. The Falls Women's Centre runs services aimed at breaking the cycle of poverty. Staff and users say recent cuts have hit the centre hard.
The Serie A is one of the leagues trialling VAR this season. Both Genoa and Juventus had penalties awarded following video consultation. Juve keeper Buffon said: "They are overusing it and making mistakes"
Sigma Financial Group has opened an office in Priory Queensway, Redditch. About 200 staff will be recruited by the end of this year with a further 500 expected by 2017.
Defence Select Committee chairman said former PM had 'charm and ability' But he said he had 'dangerously' delayed renewing Trident. Mr Cameron was mooted as Nato secretary-general over Christmas period.
Walsh and Boe will debut their version of the classic Queen track on 11 May at London's Royal Albert Hall. The official Team GB and Paralympics GB single will go on sale the same day.
Top Russian hashtags often reference Western pop culture. "#plane" was the top trending hashtag on 24 November. Twitter is by no means representative of the whole of Russia.
Neil Lennon has been appointed as the new Hibs manager. The former Celtic boss replaces Alan Stubbs. Lennon has previously managed Bolton and Celtic.
Cameroon defender Chedjou has opted to join Istanbul Basaksehir. The 31-year-old reached the end of his contract with Galatasaray. He has 50 international appearances for Cameroon and played at the 2010 and 2014 Fifa World Cups.
For years this was a party heartland which was home to big beasts like Tam Dalyell and Robin Cook. But much has changed here. The mines are closed, the economy is now focussed on some remnants of small industry. The choice is clear: A Labour government or a Conservative government.
The draft Investigatory Powers Bill would place a legal duty on internet providers to assist in hacking devices. But it would not be restricted to phones and PCs, a tech industry chief told MPs. In the future, this could include driverless cars or household appliances connected to the internet.
Myanmar has been engaged in armed conflict since independence from the British in 1948. President Thein Sein said the deal had opened up the "road to future peace" But the most active of rebel groups have not signed the agreement.
Venezuela's president has issued a public warning to drug smugglers. Earlier this month a bill was approved authorising action against illegal planes. 11 unauthorised planes have been disabled on the ground this year.
Thirty specialist staff will be appointed across Wales. Community-based teams will include doctors and nursing staff. Mind Cymru said around 30% of parents suffer anxiety or depression.
ZTE Corp obtained and illegally shipped US-made equipment to Iran. It also sent goods to North Korea without the correct export licences. The US said ZTE lied to authorities and its own lawyer about the violations.
There were 69 claims against peacekeepers in 2015, up from 52 in 2014. Almost a third of the 2015 claims were made in the Central African Republic. Overall, 10 peacekeeping missions were subject to allegations in 2015.
Robert Kerr, 39, inflicted 76 wounds on wife Xin Xin Liu at their home in Newton Mearns, East Renfrewshire. Kerr will remain at the State Hospital under an interim compulsion order.
France intervened militarily in January to oust Islamist militants. A UN force in Mali, Minusma, was due to number 12,000 by now. At the height of the crisis, France had a force of about 4,500 in its former colony.
Both countries deny taking part in the cybertheft of commercial secrets. The deal covers the theft of trade secrets but not national security information. Mr Obama said any escalation in China's alleged cybercrimes against the US would prompt sanctions.
Warwickshire Fire and Rescue said it had rescued a number of people trapped in their cars due to rising floodwater. Flood warnings across the county issued by the Environment Agency.
The swan got trapped on the rooftop of Agatha's Boutique in London. RSPCA staff managed to rescue the bird and release it back into the wild.
Former party leader Nick Clegg called her comments "utter cheek" He added: "It is Theresa May's extreme version of Brexit which will cause real damage to the NHS"
Scott Sinclair opened the scoring for Celtic in the second half. Leigh Griffiths doubled the home side's lead shortly after. Caley Thistle's Greg Tansey was sent off for a second yellow card. Tomas Rogic added a third for Celtic.
Executive producer said Shearer turned down a new pay deal. The show "will go on" and the actor's characters will be recast. Shearer took to Twitter to say the decision "wasn't about money"
Bursaries are a means-tested allowance paid to those healthcare students who qualify. Plans to scrap them were outlined by Chancellor George Osborne. But a Royal College of Nursing survey claims two-thirds of nurses wouldn't have studied nursing without them.
A court has halted a $12bn mine, rail and port project in Queensland. The federal environment minister failed to take into account what the mine could mean for their habitat. It is the latest chapter in a long history of Australian flora and fauna causing grief to developers.
American athlete revealed she had abortion day before leaving for Beijing 2008. She won three Olympic golds in the 4x400m relay for the USA. Richards-Ross' time of 48.70 seconds in the women's 400m is the fastest since 2005.
Irish border issues should be tackled before talks on a trade deal can begin. Mr Davis said it was "wholly illogical" to think that the border issues can be separated. He said the phasing of the negotiations would now be "the row of the summer"
Please send in your questions via email to newsonline@bbc.co.uk. You will be able to watch the one-to-one interview via BBC Scotland's politics website.
Jumbo was speaking to a Labour Party inquiry into access and diversity. She said she would love to find a job in Britain, but has had to take roles in the US. The 31-year-old compared her experience with US drama The Good Fight.
New grammars are likely to help "only a small proportion" of poorest pupils, says academy. Government consultation on plans for more selective education closed this month.
Anscombe has been out since December with a groin injury. The 25-year-old has also suffered hip and ankle injuries since arriving at the Blues. He has been overtaken in the international pecking order by Sam Davies and Owen Williams.
The smartphone has been the key transformative technology of the last decade. It put powerful computers in the hands of more than two billion people. In difficult lighting conditions, I struggled to get Steve Jobs in focus on stage.
Science Central will be built on the site of the former Scottish and Newcastle Brewery. Up to 2,000 jobs are expected to be based at the 24-acre site by 2020.
Former Essex coach replaces Richard Pyrah as Diamonds boss. Grayson had a spell as a player at Headingley between 1990 and 1995. Yorkshire Diamonds will start their 2017 Super League campaign on 11 August.
Ryan Sweeney, 20, made 16 appearances for Rovers during a loan spell last season. Dominic Telford, also 20, moved to Stoke from Blackpool in July 2015. "I am now looking forward to playing in League One with Rovers," Telford said.
Consumer Prices Index inflation rises to 0.1%, up from -0.1% in April. Biggest contribution to the rise came from transport, notably air fares. In April, CPI inflation turned negative for the first time since 1960.
Leanne Wood says income tax powers for Wales are many years away. Former Plaid MP Adam Price has called for the idea to be considered. Ms Wood says Wales needs to do everything it can to create jobs.
The 25-year-old from Plymouth has quit after a "I just feel like my body is telling me to give up" Graddon also dived at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and 2009 World Championship.
Trains had come from Bakersfield and Los Angeles. One had been stationary and the other was travelling at 15mph. A passenger said there had been 'an awful jolt'
Counter at thepiratebay.se showed a countdown to 1 February. The website was taken offline following a raid in Sweden in December. Site was taken down in 2006 after another raid by police but reappeared online three days later.
Everton v Bournemouth; Stoke v Sunderland; Watford v Aston Villa. West Brom v West Ham; Arsenal v Norwich.
180 countries signed the Paris climate agreement to limit temperature rises to 1.5C. But a new study shows the limit will be breached over land, even if emissions of warming gases ceased immediately.
RSPCA Cymru said there were 297 convictions last year in Wales. The 100% conviction rate was up from 97.8%, the charity said. Charity said economic downturn was probably still partly to blame.
Andrew Reade, 43, admitted preventing the lawful burial of a body. He was sentenced to four years and four months in jail at Bolton Crown Court. Vicky Cherry, 44, had been missing for 15 months when her body was found. A pathologist concluded she may have died as a result of str
Bangor Fuels Arena encounter is part of a full Premiership programme on Tuesday night. Crusaders began their bid for a third Gibson Cup success in four seasons by defeating Ballymena United 4-1. Glenavon will hope to build on their win at Warrenpoint in the Mourneview Park game against Ballinamallard United
Sir John Vickers said banks should have more money in reserve. He said this would enable them to survive any future financial crisis. But Northern Rock and Lehman Brothers proved that the Bible is right.
Ingram has signed a two-year contract extension with Glamorgan. The 31-year-old will play only limited-overs cricket for the county. Ingram says he is not aiming for the Indian Premier League.
Hamilton was 0.360 seconds quicker than Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. But the track was empty for the final five minutes of qualifying. Red Bull team boss Christian Horner said F1 should "apologise to the fans"
Harold Mayne-Nicholls served initial seven-year ban in 2015. Chilean admitted speaking to officials from Qatar's bid about work placements for relatives at the Aspire youth academy. Court of Arbitration for Sport cut ban to two years on Friday.
Police and firefighters called to the fire in Elgin on Wednesday. The body of the elderly man was found inside. No-one else was injured in the blaze.
Syd Shelton's images include pictures of The Clash, Misty in Roots and The Specials. He became involved with the Rock Against Racism movement in 1976. RAR was formed in response to controversial remarks made by Eric Clapton.
Simon Grayson brought in Vaughan to bolster his squad. Jermain Defoe and Fabio Borini both left the club at the end of last season. Vaughan made his Black Cats debut in 3-0 defeat by St Johnstone.
Secretary of state Rex Tillerson was a member of the "Remain Campaign" lobbying against a US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. It was also a blow to the State Department, and to diplomacy, writes Barbara Starr. How much of a personal setback is not clear because on other issues, Tillerson kept a low profile
Gerard Pique admits Barcelona are in a 'long process' La Liga giants lost 2-0 to Real Madrid on Wednesday night. Real won 5-1 on aggregate to reach the Champions League final.
Boris Johnson backs either Vote Leave or Grassroots Out as official lead campaign. The winner will be able to spend up to £7m on TV and advertising. Relations between the two groups have been strained amid arguments.
Mauritania's Supreme Court is due to make a decision on Mohamed Ould Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir on Tuesday. He was arrested in January 2014 for an article he wrote criticising the country's caste system. The Forum of Imams and Ulemas says he should be killed according to the
Steven Conway, 33, died while working at Diamond Wheels (Dundee) Ltd. The firm is owned and operated by former Dundee FC director of football Paul Marr. Prosecutors said the tank Mr Conway was working in was not properly ventilated. Mr Conway suffered chemical burns from contact with hydrofluoric acid
Artful will remain at the Barrow yard while commissioning activities are carried out. Commissioning activities are due to be launched early next year. The yard has been working on the Astute programme since 2001.
Wales manager Chris Coleman's current deal expires after Euro 2016. Coleman says he and FA of Wales are 'apart' in talks over new deal. Ledley hopes Coleman will stay in charge for 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
Colby Moore from Synack said the way it passes data around is 'fundamentally broken' Globalstar has not yet issued any comment on Mr Moore's findings.
Joan Collins was arrested at a protest against new water meters in Dublin. But it was her namesake, Irish politician Joan Collins, who was arrested. The former Dynasty star tweeted: 'No I am not the Joan Collins Who was a rested (sic) yesterday'
Staff at Attenborough Nature Reserve were 'amazed' to find nest. Adult birds managed to squeeze through the box's small entrance. The goslings have arrived three weeks earlier than usual.
Wales striker signed for Burnley from Wolves in July 2012. Vokes has scored 31 goals in 137 appearances for the club. The 26-year-old has six goals in 37 games for his country.
Rory Burns hit 219 not out in Surrey's first innings score of 483. The stand-in captain faced 535 balls across two innings. Following on, he then made 68 to keep Hampshire at bay and prompt handshakes.
Southern Cross is holding a crisis meeting with landlords, lenders and government officials. Care home provider says it cannot afford to pay the full rent on its homes.
NHS England guidelines say 85% of patients should wait 62 days for treatment. But figures show this slipped to 84.4% from January to March this year. Charities Cancer Research UK and Macmillan Cancer Support both said it was worrying.
New research suggests that biodiversity around the globe will be significantly impacted if temperatures rise more than 2C. But the scientists say that the losses can be reduced if rapid action is taken to curb greenhouse gases.
Airport recorded 906 air traffic movements on one day in August, a world record for a single-run airport. Government is expected to make its decision in the next few days.
Councillor Mahboob Hussain is accused of six alleged council code of conduct breaches. He was brought in to investigate alleged irregularities in the sale of the authority's former properties. Mr Hussain, now suspended by Labour, denies any wrongdoing.
Arsenal will play Chelsea in the Community Shield on 6 August. The FA and the EFL will donate £1.25m and £175,000 respectively. Premier League clubs will contribute a total of £250,000.
Medics in Aleppo are struggling to cope with the huge number of casualties. Supplies of medicine and blood are running low, as a three-week siege begins. An air strike on a pumping station has also left many areas without water.
John Biggadike died when he fell while in the hoist and was impaled on a metal post. Prosecution alleged hospital staff were not adequately trained and wrongly removed a knee support pad. United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust denies breaching health and safety regulations.
Dr Williams said it was wrong time to "downgrade the status and professional excellence" of religious education in schools. RE is not one of the subjects counted towards the English Baccalaureate. Queen and Duke of Edinburgh attend traditional Easter Sunday service at Windsor Castle.
Two dogs died as a result of the fire in Ballyoran Park, Co Armagh. It took around 40 minutes to bring the blaze under control. Police say they are not treating the fire as suspicious.
Oxfordshire County Council wants to create one organisation to run all services. Two independent studies found it could save £100m over five years. But the plan is opposed by the county's five district councils. All the authorities have been criticised for engaging in a "turf war"
MacDonald made 67 league appearances for Torquay after signing in 2014. The 23-year-old former England Under-19 international has also played for Reading and Wimbledon.
This is despite the company reporting a pre-tax profit of £36m in the first half of 2015. The group said the turnaround was due to "robust trading" in its food and funeral businesses.
10 Nato warships are taking part in a major exercise off the coast of Germany. They are hunting for a German U-boat which is acting as the unseen enemy below the waves. The exercise is seen as a response to the growing threat from Russian submarines. It has also highlighted a gaping hole in Britain
The cause of the malfunction has yet to be determined. The rocket was due to carry nearly 5,000lb of supplies to the International Space Station. It was part of Nasa's effort to contract out "routine" cargo resupply.
Shanique Pearson, 22, is accused of acting in a threatening manner. Mr Vine was riding his bicycle in Kensington, west London, on 26 August. Ms Pearson denies using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour.
Team spent April to May this year drilling a core through Mexico's Chicxulub Crater. They found deformed granites lifted from almost 10km down. At one stage, a mountain higher than Everest was thrown up. "And this all happens on the scale of minutes, which is quite amazing
Deputy Education Minister Mduduzi Manana appeared in court last week. He is accused of hitting a woman during an argument at the venue. President Jacob Zuma's office said he had accepted Mr Manana's resignation.
Ireland face Wales in Saturday's semi-final at the east Belfast venue. The winners will be guaranteed a spot in the final and World League 3.
In 2008, about 40 were recorded on the seahorse study site at South Beach in the bay. None have been spotted there since 2013. Miranda Krestovnikoff has been investigating for Inside Out.
He used rubble from the city's construction to create sculptures at the 20-acre Chandigarh Rock Garden. Mr Chand had no formal education and worked as a road inspector in the city. The rock garden was opened in 1976 and now attracts hundreds of visitors a day.
Shane Sutton resigned as British Cycling technical director on Wednesday. Australian denies claims of discrimination against elite cyclists. His predecessor Sir Chris Brailsford has promised to co-operate with inquiry.
Draft guidelines are still being considered by ministers and will be consulted on for 16 weeks. There is an allowance for conscientious objection and a new section dealing with accountability. Justice Minister David Ford has called for clarification on some of the guidelines.
Clash with Muslim month of fasting may cause concern in some schools. Exam boards have to get GCSE papers marked in time for schools and colleges. In recent years, the exam season has moved from June to July.
Real Madrid Castilla coach Zinedine Zidane has his coaching ban suspended. The Spanish football federation punished Zidane and Santiago Sanchez for not having the required qualifications. Real say they will "pursue every legal avenue" to overturn the ban.
Somerset County Council said delays had been "enormously frustrating" Council is in a legal dispute with contractor Carillion over extra costs. Independent councillor Mike Rigby said council had "a lot of questions"
Peterborough winger Maddison has provided a league-high 15 assists this season. The 23-year-old set up Martin Samuelsen's goal in Saturday's 2-0 win over Charlton. Peterborough manager Grant McCann says Maddson is one of the best in the league.
Calls have been made by MSPs for the work on the reorganisation to be postponed pending a review of the way calls to police are handled. The closure of the Aberdeen control room was originally scheduled to be completed the previous month.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says World Cup without him is 'nothing to watch' Ibrahimovic has never scored in a World Cup finals. Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Portugal beat Sweden 4-2 on aggregate.
Pierre Claver Mbonimpa was shot and wounded in an apparent reprisal attack. Gen Adolphe Nshimirimana was killed last week in the capital, Bujumbura. The prosecutor's office said a military vehicle was used by his attackers. It said the "masterminds"
Forbes said Vergara earned $43m (£32.6m) in the last 12 months. It marks the fifth year the Colombian-American actress has topped the chart. Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco was the second-highest paid actress. The Mindy Project's Mindy Kaling is the biggest climber
The UN has appealed for $415m (£270m) to help provide emergency relief. A teenage boy has been rescued alive after spending five days trapped under rubble. Officials say Saturday's quake killed more than 5,500 people, and injured at least 11,000.
Mr Castro was speaking in front of Cuba's national assembly. It was his first public comment on the policy changes Mr Trump announced. Mr Trump tightened restrictions on US travel to and business with the island.
Tennant is starring in Patrick Marber's Don Juan in Soho. The show has been updated and includes references to Donald Trump. Tennant said the Daily Mail's 'Legs-it' line didn't make the show.
The review came after an intruder with a knife entered the White House. Omar Gonzalez was apprehended deep inside the presidential residence in September. Julia Pierson, the Secret Service director at the time, resigned partly as a result.
Fabian Picardo, the territory's chief minister, told the BBC he was speaking to Scotland's First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon. One possibility is for Gibraltar and Scotland, which both voted to remain in the EU, to maintain the UK's membership of the bloc. Northern Ireland could also potentially be
RMT and Aslef unions walked out on 4 January this year. The 24-hour strike, on 1 February, comes as part of a row over conditions. Arriva said it "regretted" the disruption January's strike caused.
Demonstrators set fire to the Congress building last month in protest at a secret Senate vote. Paraguay suffered under decades of dictatorship until 1989 and many oppose presidential re-election.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is hosting German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Sochi. The pair are expected to discuss Syria and Russia's annexation of Crimea. But both sides have downplayed the prospect of major breakthroughs during the meeting. Mr Putin will then meet Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday.
At least 200 people are missing after an IS attack on a factory near Damascus. Workers were reportedly taken from a dormitory where they were staying. Activists say about 140 workers managed to escape. Al-Rai is a crucial stronghold for IS as it sits on a crossing linking Turkey to Syria.
Barry Hawkins beats Ronnie O'Sullivan 10-1 in first round of World Championship. John Higgins defeats Stuart Bingham 6-3. Stephen Maguire beats Mark Selby 6-0.
Carwyn Jones said people accepted Welsh ministers were not "miracle workers" He said Labour had "kept our promises" on health and other issues. But a Conservative spokesman said the "greatest threat" was an Ed Miliband government.
Network for Surviving Stalking says 76% of women murdered by ex-partners had been stalked by them. 246 people in Wales reported suspected stalkers to police between November 2012 and April 2015. Gwent Police officers will receive training from the charity and watch a film called Trouble With an Ex.
China set to account for 29% of the world's graduates aged between 25 and 34. Biggest faller is going to be the United States - down to 11%. Russia is also set to decline, according to the OECD's projections. UK is bucking the trend, projected to increase its share from
The plan is to train every single front-facing employee of banks, building societies and Post Offices. Cash payments to fraudsters are typically much harder to trace than online payments. Typical frauds of this kind include paying rogue builders, romance scams and elderly abuse.
Labour need a swing of 3.9% to oust the Conservative candidate in the west London constituency. Some residents are concerned that local services cannot support the extra residents that house building will attract.
Ospreys players joined collectors in Baglan Moors on Tuesday. Players said it was to show their commitment to the "Ospreylian community"
At one stage, winds were gusting at 55 knots and winds over 48 knots were not safe for airport staff to work in. Passengers on nine planes were unable to leave as it was too windy to put access steps in place. Some passengers were kept on planes for two hours, but wind speeds eventually dropped
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen. The 29-year-old former Manchester United player will now fly to London to finalise personal terms and have a medical with the Hammers. It is understood Stoke have accepted a fee in the region of £24m.
Shakespeare's Globe on London's Bankside is a kind of living laboratory. Its own team of in-house scholars, researchers and academic advisers. Everything from the physical design to the individual performances.
Swansea City FC's American owners revealed they are in talks with the council over increasing capacity at the ground. The Swans want to add 12,000 seats but shelved expansion plans in December when talks to buy the ground from the authority stalled. Since then, the club has been taken over by American investors.
Ferdinand alleged to have used abusive and/or insulting words. The QPR defender has until 18:00 GMT on 13 March to respond.
Scarlets face Munster in the Guinness Pro12 final on Saturday. Captain John Barclay says it would be a personal career to win the final. Barclay will miss the first fortnight of the pre-tour camp.
The 66-year-old former paratrooper was arrested in County Antrim on Tuesday. It is understood he is being questioned over the deaths of William Nash, Michael McDaid and John Young. Thirteen people were killed when British paratroopers opened fire on a civil rights march in January 1972.
The stowaway was identified by Chinese media as a 16-year-old boy from Sichuan named Xu. He was found on 27 May, hiding in the cargo hold of flight EK303 from Shanghai. The boy reportedly said he did it because beggars in Dubai could make 470,000 yuan a month.
James Purnell said it would increase non-payment and cost the BBC £200m. The sum is the equivalent of BBC Four, CBBC and CBeebies, he said. Culture Secretary Maria Miller said the move should be discussed.
The £300m plant should produce electricity for about 160,000 homes. The adjoining coal-fired Ferrybridge 'C' plant is to close in March 2016.
10,000 African and Caribbean men joined the British armed forces during World War Two. Rules were relaxed as the war progressed and casualties mounted. Many struggled to adapt to Britain's cold climate and racial prejudice. Veterans' stories feature in the BBC Four documentary, Fighting for King and Empire.
England's Football Association put forward the idea of sending Great Britain teams to the Olympics. Fifa said it would need the agreement of the ruling bodies in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The other home nations fear such a move could affect their independent status within the sport's world governing body, Fifa
The birds, which winter in Africa, return to Breckland farms in April. Fields have been specially ploughed for birds to get to worms and insects. Breeding pair numbers have almost trebled.
Scottish Labour leader quits role accusing UK party leadership of treating Scotland like a "branch office" Jack McConnell, who was Labour first minister from 2001 to 2007, said he was "very, very angry" Former Westminster MP Henry McLeish said Labour faced a problem of "historic, epic proportions"
Shares in the UK technology firm surged by 45% at the open of the London Stock Exchange to 1,742.85p per share. ARM said it would keep its headquarters in Cambridge and that it would at least double the number of its staff. Softbank is one of the world's biggest technology companies and
Highland League champions could make up the deficit. Edinburgh will place League Two bottom side Shire over two legs for a place in that division.
In March the government announced an independent review into the state pension age. Research by the TUC points to a significant north/south divide. Those in the lowest-paid jobs are twice as likely to stop working for health reasons.
University Hospital Coventry is undergoing remedial work. Its structures "were not as robust" as originally planned. The hospital trust says interim safety measures are in place.
Bomb was thrown at Coalisland police station on 26 March 1997. 37-year-old man has been charged with causing an explosion.
The fire raged across the city from 2 to 5 September 1666. It destroyed more than 13,000 houses and 87 churches. The stamps are designed by comic book artist John Higgins.
Carphone Warehouse says encrypted credit card details of up to 90,000 people may have been accessed. Information Commissioner's Office confirmed it was aware of the incident. Those who think they have been the victim of fraud should contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.
Joseph Pilates spent three and a half years interned at the Knockaloe camp. The camp was designed to hold about 23,000 people. Organisers said Pilates' methodology had "benefited millions worldwide"
Jurors immediately asked for a break after watching the 12-minute film. It showed Liam lying on the floor of his bedroom in his pyjamas. The video was taken by detectives in the early hours of 23 March 2014.
Hospital, ambulance and mental health trusts were already £2.2bn in the red. Overspending on agency staff has been highlighted as a major problem. Experts are warning the pressure the overspend puts hospitals under has an impact on care.
David Davis says news of the proposed in-work benefits ban could encourage workers to head to the UK. The ban has to be agreed by all EU nations at a summit on 18 February. Speculation is continuing about whether a big cabinet name will lead the campaign to take Britain out of the EU.
LeMond is the only American winner of the Tour after Armstrong was stripped of his seven titles in 2012 for systematic doping. The 52-year-old feels Armstrong's punishment is fair.
Last week, Swiss authorities said $4bn may be missing from Malaysian firms. A Malaysian minister said this was not possible due to extensive audits. Singapore, the US and Hong Kong authorities are also probing the fund.
Staff in government departments allowed to use 'Derry' or 'Londonderry' in official letters. Londonderry Unionist Association said it reinforced the claim for a separate district council for the East Bank of the Foyle.
Tony Valentine had been suffering from Parkinson's disease. He died peacefully in the early hours of Wednesday morning, his agent said. Valentine was also known for playing aristocrat AJ Raffles in Colditz.
Universal's Nick Carpou described the musical sequel's success as "amazing" It marks the highest ever opening for a first-time feature film director. Mad Max: Fury Road took $44.4m, following positive reviews at Cannes.
Microsoft shared the details with tech news sites Digital Foundry and Eurogamer. The console has reportedly been designed from the start to make newer games playable at ultra-high 4K resolutions and at high frame rates.
UKIP said Jeremy Zeid resigned last week due to health issues. He made the comments on Facebook last Wednesday and Thursday. Hendon is one of the most marginal seats in the country.
It's been 100 years since Roald Dahl was born. Here's how much you know about the author.
Pret launched Big Experience Week amid looming staff shortages. It said UK job seekers did not see it as a desirable place to work. But following criticism, the sandwich chain said it would pay participants.
Torquay have been taken over by Swindon-based Gaming International. The Gulls are currently 17th in the League Two table. Manager Rob Nicholson has been in charge since September 2015.
The story about guilt and identity was inspired by Orr watching a solitary man in a cafe. Runner-up Claire-Louise Bennett received £3,000 for her story Morning, Noon & Night.
There is an abundance of oceanic white tip sharks in the Red Sea. Divers have spoken of diving with them without feeling threatened. It is unusual for swimmers to encounter them in shallow waters. But Ian Fergusson said it was very rare for shortfin makos to be found there. He said the
Girl is being treated at Ninewells Hospital in Dundee. Police have asked for anyone who may have witnessed the collision to come forward.
Nepal Scotland Association said many of its members lost friends and loved ones in the earthquake last weekend. Event was held outside the City Chambers on the Royal Mile. Mercy Corps organised concert to raise money for the relief effort.
Farmers have been hit by delays in processing Common Agricultural Policy payments. Scottish government said 59% of payments have now been made.
England captain Alastair Cook scored 95 on the first day of the third Test. Cook's innings was not only a contribution to himself, but also for the other senior players in the England side who have been underperforming. Gary Ballance is becoming like a left-handed Jonathan Trott.
Lord Dannatt said the Afghan government must retain the support of the West. The last UK combat troops left Afghanistan in October. There has been a surge in insurgent attacks over the past month.
Count the seconds between seeing lightning and hearing thunder - if it is less than 30 seconds, there is a threat. Boaters and swimmers should get to shore as quickly as possible, as water conducts electricity. Unplug all non-essential appliances, including the television, as lightning can cause power surges.
HMRC had applied to put the Formula 1 team in administration. On Thursday, Renault confirmed it would take over Lotus. High Court granted the adjournment after hearing a share purchase agreement was due to be completed.
Chris Nash and Ed Joyce both hit half-centuries for Northants. Bad light stopped play with the hosts 145-2 in their second innings. Northants' seventh draw from eight Division Two matches leaves them seventh.
England face Australia, New Zealand and Scotland in this year's Four Nations. Wayne Bennett was appointed head coach in February, succeeding Steve McNamara. O'Loughlin: "As a patriotic Englishman, you always want everything to be English"
Ji So-Yun scored twice in first-half stoppage time for Chelsea. Drew Spence, Erin Cuthbert, Crystal Dunn and Ramona Bachmann made it six. Part-time Sunderland's draw was their second from two games so far.
Former Senator Wilfred Krichefski is accused of abusing residents. The Independent Jersey Care Inquiry is hearing evidence of abuse in the 1960s and 1970s.
Maud Kells was shot outside her home in the Democratic Republic of Congo. She narrowly missed death or paralysis after the bullet hit her in the shoulder. Ms Kells said she wants to help free a man who has been imprisoned for involvement in the crime.
Rugby union was an amateur sport in the 1980s in the UK. Mr Matavesi senior came to the UK on a rugby tour with the Fiji Barbarians. He made such an impression during a match in Cornwall that Camborne rugby club paid for him to return to play for them.
Police were called to the address in Renfrewshire town's Gordon Street on Tuesday. A 40-year-old woman and a 45-year old man were found dead inside. Both deaths are being treated as unexplained.
Ednane Mahmood, from Blackburn, is also alleged to have provided internet links to others with speeches and propaganda that encouraged acts of terrorism. He was stopped by police at Manchester Airport after returning from Turkey on 21 September. Mr Mahmood was released on conditional bail when he appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court.
Ex-manager said he was instructed to offer free bets and drinks. Other managers said they were paid a bonus if they met financial targets. Coral said it takes its commitments to responsible gambling very seriously.
Straker has been without a club since leaving York in January. The 27-year-old made 27 appearances for the Minstermen.
Dyfed-Powys Police said the search in Carmarthenshire concluded on Thursday. Occupants are not suspects and have not been arrested, force said. A 75-year-old man is the fifth person to die in the wake of the attack.
Observers say officials are trying to put on a show of "business as usual" at the shrine. Industry experts say it will take more than this initial show of strength to convince investors and visitors that Thailand is still a safe place to do business in and to go on holiday to. Tourism accounts for 10%
Steven Walters, 48, pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault in September. Chief Constable David Thompson said it was "one of the worst violations of policing integrity I've ever seen" Walters was also found guilty of gross misconduct at a disciplinary hearing on Monday and dismissed from the force.
Giving a backie is illegal under the terms of the Road and Traffic Act. Offenders can be fined up to £200. Boris Johnson has apologised, saying he did not know he was breaking the law.
The cases have all been uncovered in the past seven months. Victims were told to transfer money to an account based in west Africa. Organised crime gangs, at home and abroad, are being blamed.
CNN's John Defterios explains the difference between deficit and debt. He says the U.S. is on track to run a $1 trillion deficit this year.
The animal, nicknamed Menai, was discovered at Tan-y-Foel close to Anglesey Sea Zoo. Records dating back to 1748 showed it was the first Olive ridley to arrive in the UK. The nearest breeding population is in Gabon, in south western Africa.
Walsall took the lead through Erhun Oztumer in the 17th minute. The midfielder controlled a long ball over the top before volleying into the back of the net to secure the points for the Saddlers. Andreas Makris should have made it 2-0 in the 46th minute but hit the crossbar from
Rhyl, Prestatyn and Rhuddlan will have 32 cameras beamed to England. If anything is spotted, officers will alert North Wales Police immediately.
South Sudan beat Uganda 4-1 to set up a meeting with Uganda in the next round of the CHAN qualifiers. Malawi were beaten 1-0 at home in the second leg of their opening Southern Zone qualifier against Madagascar. Madagascar won 2-0 on aggregate and will play Mozambique in next round. Mauritius sealed their place in the
Iran's supreme leader made the comments in a speech marking Ramadan. He said Iran would continue to back Syria, Iraq, the Palestinians and Bahrain. Ayatollah Khamenei also denied that Iran was intending to create a nuclear bomb.
Texas passed the legislation last year and it goes into effect in August. Many higher education officials and students have objected to the law. Supporters argue it is "critical" to self-defence and upholding constitutional rights.
MEP Steven Woolfe excluded from contest to replace Nigel Farage as leader. UKIP's National Executive Committee said he did not meet the criteria. But Mr Woolfe said he believed the NEC had their own reasons for excluding him. Three NEC members have quit in protest, calling for a vote of no confidence
The 24-year-old becomes Walsall's second summer signing, following the arrival of Luke Leahy from Falkirk. Walsall manager Jon Whitney: "Jon has got plenty of experience of League One from his time with Crewe"
Timothy Geaney admitted taking or permitting the images to be taken between 2004 and 2014. He was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register earlier this year. A General Teaching Council Scotland hearing heard he had "condoned and participated in an industry that violates and abuses children"
Owen Jones, 52, of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, held a licence for more than 30 years. North Wales Police claimed he was not fit to hold a firearms certificate. Mr Jones appealed against the decision and won.
Vardanian tested positive for a steroid in a re-analysis of his sample from London 2012. The 29-year-old has since switched to represent the United States. A total of 43 weightlifters have now failed retests from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games.
Pilkington scored Cardiff's first goal in their 4-0 friendly win at Shrewsbury. The 28-year-old made the transition under former Cardiff boss Russell Slade. Trollope had been working under Slade before then.
Lance Corporal Harry Dhillon stalked Alice Ruggles before fatally attacking her. Her parents Sue Hills and Clive Ruggles described the moment police knocked on their door. Prof Ruggles said they looked at each other and said 'It's Harry'. We knew, we knew even then."
Lord Strathclyde has been leader in the Lords for 14 years. He has served six party leaders, including three prime ministers. The peer says he has been considering a 'change of direction'
Adelie Ireland, which took over The Bite Group last year, has gone into administration. The company makes sandwiches and snack foods for convenience stores and retail outlets.
Tadashi Ishii said he would tender his resignation at a January board meeting. Dentsu has been under pressure to reduce the amount of overtime its employees do. In September, the Japanese government ruled Matsuri Takahashi's death had been caused by overwork.
Darren Byrne, 40, denies murder and arson at Chelmsford Crown Court. Jury told he struck wife Maria, 35, on the head at their home in Theydon Bois. Mr Byrne doused her in white spirit and turned on the hob before going out, jury told.
A second bus was hit by a suicide bomber elsewhere in the city. Two soldiers and two civilians were injured in the second attack. The Taliban claimed responsibility for both attacks on Twitter.
Chapelcross, near Annan, is one of five sites being considered. The consultation was at the Victoria Halls in Annan on Friday. UK government has pledged that public opinion will be taken into account.
Google paid £10m in UK corporate taxes between 2006 and 2011. Mr Schmidt said it was up to the government to change its tax system.
Tensions between ruling Frelimo party and opposition former rebel movement Renamo. Discovery of gas fields off Mozambique's coast in 2011 is set to transform the economy of one of Africa's poorest nations.
Robin Hood, also known as Tim Pollard, met Sally Chappell at a banquet. The couple now have a two-year-old daughter called Scarlett. Instead of wedding presents they have asked for donations towards a relaxing space for Ms Chapell, who has incurable breast cancer.
Oldham move above the League One relegation zone with victory over Southend. Jonathan Forte hit the post for the visitors before Kevin Main scored the winner.
The Kidman cattle empire is Australia's largest landholding, encompassing some of the driest and toughest country Australia has to offer. Its story begins in the 1890s with Sir Sidney Kidman and his elder brother Sackville, who embarked on an ambitious venture that would transform agriculture in Australia. Today the business encompasses 19
Bradford took the lead through Billy Clarke on 43 minutes. Tyrone Barnett equalised for the visitors a minute after the break.
Prince Harry was welcomed to the village of Surama in the Iwokrama rainforest with a feathered headdress. He later visited a school and the Kaieteur Falls - one of the world's largest freefall waterfalls.
Shots were fired from a car near St Brendan's Primary School. The victim was hit a number of times.
Andal Ampatuan Junior is accused of orchestrating the murder of 57 civilians. Another 27 members of his family have also been charged in connection with the killings. The Ampatuans have been in Maguindanao for centuries. But they were not always the dominant force they are today.
PM Alexis Tsipras won an overwhelming mandate from the Greek people, in a referendum, to reject more-or-less these bailout terms. Tsipras has to get these proposals through the Greek parliament today. Is a rescue done and dusted? Not yet.
Drivers from Rail, Maritime and Transport union unanimously backed the deal. Aslef said its members voted by almost nine to one to accept the deal. The service was due to start on some lines at weekends last September.
Gwilym Joseph MBE served Swansea City for nearly 50 years. The club said it was in recognition of his "tireless work and commitment" He was also the club lead on building the Liberty Stadium. Chairman Huw Jenkins said: "It's a very sad day for the club"
Lee Hollis will replace Neil Alexander in goal for Hearts on Sunday. Alexander broke his cheekbone in last week's victory over former club Rangers. Gallacher twisted his ankle in training and is a doubt for the Edinburgh derby.
A consortium was considering a formal bid for the financially-troubled Bulls. The RFL and administrator remain in talks over the future of the club. Bradford were last in Super League back in 2014.
L/Cpl James Brynin was shot while on patrol in Helmand Province. The 22-year-old served with the 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare) He was repatriated via RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire.
Landowners contributed more than £1m towards the cost of the fire fighting. Highlands and Islands Fire and Rescue Service said the majority of wild fires in its area were now out. Crews tackled flames on the Balmoral Estate in Aberdeenshire.
A panel of judges compiled a list of the country's 100 most influential females. Further down were author JK Rowling at seventh and Scottish Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon at 20th. The Queen's granddaughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, did not make the list.
Five-time world champion O'Sullivan took the first three frames and won 4-1 after White had beaten Ryan Day without losing a frame. Home favourite Higgins beat compatriot Scott Donaldson. Stephen Maguire defeated Fergal O'Brien.
Prince Harry said he used to "bury his head in the sand" but now views life "very, very differently" Harry co-founded the Sentebale charity with Prince Seeiso of Lesotho.
It was supposed to be the second day of strike action after Unite members at Tower Transit took action on Friday. Transport for London said Tower Transit operated less than 5% of the bus network.
Judge Lucy Koh's move opens the way for US sales of Samsung's older tablet model to restart. Samsung filed a motion on Tuesday against Apple's iPhone 5 saying its patents had been violated. Apple and Samsung, the two market leaders in the lucrative smartphone market, are embroiled in patent disputes in
The 24-year-old Australian has spent his entire professional career at Newcastle. He has made 44 appearances, five of them coming in 2017.
The investment follows "several months of negotiations," Twitter says. Prince Alwaleed is one of the world's richest men.
Sports Minister Tracey Crouch believes more needs to be done to "stamp out" sexism. The anonymous questionnaire was sent to 568 women in almost 40 different sports. One respondent said she believed it could affect her selection chances. Another was worried sexism could be perceived as "banter", while a third
There are 67 items in total, including a Dalek from 1966, and a Cyberman from 19th series. Auctioneer has said that the full collection of film memorabilia is the best he's ever seen.
Newcastle United owner took his case to the High Court in London. He claimed the deal, struck with former Rangers chief executive Charles Green, was wrongly terminated.
Lord Alderdice was a member of the Independent Monitoring Commission. The Liberal Democrat peer said the new body would only be able to produce a few proposals for the Executive.
The fire broke out in a communal area of the block. Four people were treated at the scene for the effects of smoke inhalation.
Boeing's 787 Dreamliner was first plane to fly again since January. The 50 planes around the world were grounded due to battery malfunctions. Boeing engineers have been fitting new batteries to the aircraft.
Graffiti was written to "lend authenticity" to a set depicting a refugee camp. Some of the messages were briefly visible in the background of the scenes. The episode featuring the set in question aired on 11 October in the US. It will be broadcast on Sunday in the UK.
The 10-year-old was bought by owners Raymond and Caroline Mould. He banked more than £1.1m from 18 wins, nine of the highest level. The total included a rare hat-trick of success at all three of the major spring festivals.
Judge ruled it was in public interest and interests of justice to make it available. Prosecutors have been trying to establish whether anybody could be held criminally responsible for the crash. British Airline Pilots' Association (Balpa) said it had lodged an appeal.
James Wharton and Guy Opperman are Conservative MPs in the North East. They are keen to comment on the future for both Scottish and English devolution. But they believe other measures are needed specifically for the North.
Gwent Police said it was "extremely concerned" after five incidents potentially linked to heroin. They happened in Caerphilly, Newport and Blaenau Gwent.
Germany is the world's fourth-biggest pizza market. Deal will increase the number of stores owned by Domino's Pizza Enterprises.
Landlord Mr Jones, 46, died at The Blossoms public house in Holyhead. Following a stand-off with police on the roof of a neighbouring pub, a 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder. A family tribute read: "A partner, soul mate, father, brother,
Vincent Hudson, 54, due to appear before magistrates in North Cumbria. He is charged with the historical offence on a boy under the age of 16.
Rafael Esquivel admitted receiving bribes in connection with the sale of marketing rights to tournaments. He was among seven officials arrested at a luxury hotel in Switzerland last year. More than 40 individuals and entities have been charged under the probe.
This October, the only surprise seems to be a day without surprises. Donald Trump's embrace of "lock her up" rhetoric received the lion's share of condemnation. The Clinton team also spent the week weathering a scandal of its own.
Women whose relationships with undercover police officers were based on deception give their accounts to MPs. Lisa had a six-year relationship with former PC Mark Kennedy, who posed as long-haired dropout Mark "Flash" Stone. Alison had a relationship with a man she knew as Mark Cassidy, who she met through a
Imran Khawaja, from Southall, west London, left the UK last January. He called himself Abu Daigham al-Britani, and posted videos online. Khawaja was a member of Rayat al Tawheed - which means Flag of Unity. The group includes many British men, and
Craig Nelson was found dead at the Woodhead Tunnels off the A628 in Derbyshire. A post-mortem found the 34-year-old from Wath-Upon-Dearn died as a result of head injuries. Man, 41, and a woman, 23, were arrested in Sheffield by South Yorkshire Police
Theresa May will meet her internal critics head on after the election. But widespread demands for her to go are not expected. Few MPs expect her position to be strong and stable for the next five years.
The FA was formed in 1863 and is the oldest football association in the world. It controls many different competitions, the most famous of which is the FA Cup. The government has repeatedly called for the FA to be more modern.
The winter fuel allowance will be means-tested with money spent on health and social care in England. There is a commitment to modernise the railways but not specifically to electrify the Great Western route. The promise to scrap Severn Bridge tolls, announced earlier this week, does not feature.
England collapse from 100-0 to 164 all out in second Test against Bangladesh. Hosts earlier dismissed them for 296 after dropping four catches. Bangladesh had only beaten Zimbabwe and a weakened West Indies team in 95 previous Tests, but the 108-run win means the series finished 1-1.
EEA says the past decade in Europe has been the warmest on record. Cost of damage caused by extreme weather events is rising, report says. Findings come ahead of next week's UN climate conference in Doha, Qatar.
Pewtner suffered a head injury at the Premiership Sevens in August 2015. The 25-year-old started his career with Blackwood and played sevens for Wales. "I am devastated that I have been forced to retire from rugby through injury," he said.
The death of Virgil Runnels, which was his real name, was announced by WWE. His career, which began in the late 1960s, earned him a place in the WWE Hall of Fame. Tributes pour in for the Texan-born fighter.
The European market accounts for 73% of the UK's agri-food exports. Willie Johnston speaks to Scottish farmers about the prospect of leaving the EU.
GP practices are being paid to help local NHS groups limit patient referrals. Appointments affected include scans and consultations with specialists. At least nine clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) are offering payments. The British Medical Association said such incentives were "misguided"
Diafra Sakho has only played twice for West Ham this season. The midfielder has returned to light training after back surgery. Sakho was due to join West Brom before his injury.
Jeremy Clarkson was suspended on 10 March, following what was called a 'fracas' with Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon. On Wednesday it was announced the presenter's contract would not be renewed. BBC has so far not commented on the future of Hammond and May.
The first of the new bus routes are due to be completed in the next few months. Metrobus admits public subsidies might now have to be used to entice firms on board. Bristol City Council was required to spend more than £1m removing protestors from Stapleton allotments.
Paralympic discus champion, 24, beat his mark of 15.93m set last year. Davies threw 16.14m when competing with able-bodied rivals at the British Indoor Championships in February. His new mark remains an unofficial world record until verified by the IPC.
Annemiek van Vleuten crashed in the women's road race at the Rio Olympics. The 33-year-old Dutchwoman was leading the race when she went off her bike. But two weeks later she won the overall title and is now targeting gold at the World Championships. Van Vle
Doga Makiura is an atypical Japanese youth. Above all, he is not afraid to take risks. His global vision and entrepreneurial spirit are exactly what the Japanese government wants to encourage.
Sheffield United have released Ryan Flynn and Dean Hammond. Hammond activated a clause in his contract to remain at Bramall Lane. George Long has been offered a new deal by the Blades.
The aim of the scheme was to increase bank lending by up to £70bn. The government changed the rules in January 2014, with this type of funding no longer used to support mortgage lending. Banks and building societies are able to access the funds until the end of January 2015.
Maria Carreiro, 51, said she "ran down the street like a crazy woman" Among her plans for the winnings were a Hawaii honeymoon and a larger house. Ms Carreiro had worked at a factory before quitting to raise her children.
Judge said it was for the Stormont Assembly, and not a judge, to decide social policy. Same-sex marriage is legal in England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland. But it is banned in Northern Ireland, where the Assembly is in limbo.
The Mercian Regiment said Private Derby XXXI was officially selected by the Duke of Devonshire from his flock at the Chatsworth Estate, Derbyshire. The Swaledale Ram helped to form a guard of honour for a Premiership rugby union match on Saturday.
Halifax had won their previous 13 games in all competitions. But Forest Green ended their run with a 2-0 victory. Parkin and Frear scored either side of half-time.
Daniel Bebb-Jones, 23, was arrested by anti-terror police near an Army reserve centre. Police say there are not believed to be any links to terrorism.
The Manx rider, 24, finished 22nd on the final time trial to top the general classification by 12 seconds ahead of his Team Sky team-mate Dario Cataldo. The victory is the Isle of Man cyclist's first stage-race triumph of his professional career.
Eilish McColgan broke her ankle in January 2015. The Scottish 3,000m steeplechase record holder has ditched the hurdles and water jumps to protect her vulnerable ankle. A top-two finish in Sunday's 5,000m at the British Championships would secure a place in the Great Britain team heading to Rio
Edinburgh face a tough run-in as they seek to finish in the top-four. Dickinson, Willem Nel and Ross Ford are all part of an all-Edinburgh front row. "It's really tight in the middle of the table," says Dickinson.
Mohammad Sidique Khan was one of the four suicide bombers who attacked London on 7 July 2005. His sister was married to Mr Khan, who killed himself and six others. Mr Patel says the actions of his brother-in-law were 'disgusting' He has decided to speak publicly for the first
Richard Boyd Barrett said politicians "need to start to listen to young people" He made the comments during a debate on the Irish government's Misuse of Drugs Bill. He said many young people "are completely alienated from politics"
System based on way people fill up car with petrol or buy data bundles. ScottishPower says it is an attempt to simplify energy bills. Customers will use an app that has a gauge measuring consumption.
Sen McCain is understood to have entered Syria through Turkey. He travelled with the Syrian Emergency Task Force and met rebel commanders. The Republican has repeatedly called for the US to provide military aid.
Johanna Konta takes on Venus Williams in the Wimbledon semi final. Williams has won the ladies' singles at SW19 five times. Konta is the first British woman to reach the semi finals since Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in 2010.
Jak Trueman was suffering from a rare form of blood cancer called gamma delta T-cell lymphoma. His mother Allison broke the news of his death on his Facebook page. The West Calder High School pupil had been documenting his life and treatment on social media.
She will talk about her life outside of politics. Former Corries musician Ronnie Browne, along with authors Christopher Brookmyre and Lesley Riddoch, will also be festival guests.
Almost three quarters of young people in the Highlands have drunk alcohol by the time they turn 15. Highland Alcohol and Drugs Partnership said there has been a 10% reduction in underage drinking in the region since 2010. But the number of under 15s taking alcohol remains above the national average.
Mosul, captured by IS in June 2014, is the jihadist group's last major urban stronghold in Iraq. Special forces and army units entered the eastern outskirts of the city on 1 November. Two weeks later, progress towards the centre is slow, reports the BBC's Richard Galpin in Irbil
Comments came ahead of China's annual session of parliament, which opens on 5 March. Premier Wen Jiabao said China was lowering its annual economic growth target from 7.5% to 7%.
Pietro the cat was taken to a veterinary clinic and is said to be in a critical condition. Nearly 300 people died in August's magnitude-6.2 earthquake.
The success of anti-austerity campaigns is viewed as a blow to German Chancellor Angela Merkel. And the surge of the radical left Syriza coalition in Greece has raised fresh doubts about the country's international credit lifeline. Both results could be a problem for Angela Merkel's Europe strategy.
Hidden Abbey Project hopes to uncover the high altar where the king and Queen Adeliza are buried. Survey is the first comprehensive archaeological investigation at Reading Abbey for more than 150 years. Further survey are due to be carried out on the abbey church, Forbury Gardens and Reading Gaol car park.
Python star Michael Palin paid tribute to his'most wonderful friend' Jones, of Colwyn Bay, Conwy, announced last month he has dementia. Son Bill Jones told the audience it was a 'great honour' for his father.
The move comes after Mexico drew their opening Confederations Cup game 2-2 with Portugal in Russia. Mexico have already been fined eight times during World Cup qualifying because of homophobic chanting.
Syrian artefacts are being smuggled out of the country to be sold on the international art market. Art specialist Christopher Marinello is chief executive of the Art Recovery Group. He has retrieved US$500m of stolen and looted works of art over the past decade.
Mae grp wedi'i seflu Arth, Ben sy'n id DU sydd wedi ymgymryd i'r a chynnig cartref iddyn nhw.
Rafael Nadal begins his US Open campaign against Dusan Lajovic. Roger Federer faces American teenager Frances Tiafoe in the second night match. Defending champion Angelique Kerber plays Japan's Naomi Osaka.
TWE, which owns brands such as Wolf Blass, Rosemount and Lindeman's, is the world's biggest listed winemaker. Last year, it sold 385 million bottles and recorded revenues of AU$1.76bn.
Paul Heatley was sent off in the 41st minute following an off-the-ball incident with Lyndon Kane. Jordan Forsythe was dismissed for a crude two-footed challenge on Kane. The precious point keeps Stephen Baxter's champions within four points of Premiership pacesetters Linfield.
The Mother of Pearl Clouds could have had a big impact on Edvard Munch, say Norwegian researchers. The unusual sky formation in The Scream has previously been ascribed to volcanic effects. But the Norwegian group argues that the wavy shapes painted by Munch are a far better match for what are called Nacreous Clouds
Citizens Advice Bureau is getting a growing number of complaints about cold calling. Would you be happy to talk to a BBC journalist about your experiences?
Frenchman Bianchi died on Friday as a result of head injuries suffered in a crash at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix. Chilton dominated the race at Iowa Speedway to earn his first win in any series since 2012.
The way players navigate the 3D levels in Sea Hero Quest will be anonymously tracked and sent to the researchers. Understanding how people navigate 3D environments is important because the skill is often one of the first lost by people with dementia. Researchers say the game could generate an unprecedented amount of data.
Corrie Mckeague was last seen in Bury St Edmunds on Saturday. The 23-year-old is believed to be from Dunfermline, Fife. His uncle Tony Wringe said his nephew kept in close contact with his family.
The union Unite organised the rally at the firm's headquarters in Derbyshire. It has called for an end to "Victorian working practices" Sports Direct said casual workers receive holiday and sick pay.
NICE guidance aims to increase testing in people with undiagnosed HIV in England. Part of the new guidance focuses on testing for HIV, which is responsibility of local authorities. Local councils and charities warn HIV test guidelines may not be implemented because of a lack of funds.
Dominic Chappell wanted to buy BHS from Sir Philip Green. He wanted to raise money to use as working capital. But he didn't use Cornhill Capital and the two are in dispute over unpaid bills.
One lorry driver regularly sees drivers use ecstasy, cannabis, speed and cocaine. He says fellow drivers have in the past veered off motorways or overturned. Drug testing firms say to have 10% of drivers in haulage firm test positive for drugs was 'not unusual' Road safety minister Mike Penning insists Britain's
President Assad is meant to be talking peace with some of the leaders who have suffered this reverse. It doesn't seem very likely - not with Russian President Vladimir Putin behind him. The fractured and disparate opposition wants President Assad not across the table but at least out of power and, better still, dead
Residents of Mashkel have close ties with ethnic Balochs in Iran's Sistan province. Many prefer to take their injured across the border to the city of Zahidan. The Pakistani army says it has tried its best in the rescue and relief effort.
Defendants face charges including treason and setting up spy ring. Most of the 32 are from Saudi Arabia's restive Eastern Province. Tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran have escalated in recent weeks.
The 18-year-old will provide cover for Luke Daniels, who starts a three-match ban for his red card in the opening day defeat at Burton. Watson could feature for Scunthorpe in Tuesday's League Cup tie with Barnsley.
Kev Brady from Gloucester said he was terrified as he paddled more than 200 miles along the Mahaweli. He now aims to paddle the 800 miles (1,300 km) around the coast of Sri Lanka. Previous feats include canoeing along the Mississippi and swimming the length of the River Severn.
Mr Slipper is accused of sexual harassment by a former staff member. He also denies the charges of sending lurid text messages. His resignation could harm Ms Gillard's slender majority.
Almost 80,000 passengers and crew have sailed into Belfast this year on 43 different tourist ships. New Titanic Visitor Centre has so far welcomed people from 111 different countries. Belfast is no longer building ships, but it is now attracting them.
TomSka is one of the stars of new documentary The Creators. The film follows the lives of some of YouTube's biggest names. He says he finds it harder to make money through brand endorsements.
House sales were up 13% in the six months to December 2016 to 2,459. Redrow has just short of 26,000 plots in its landbank. Planning process was also inhibiting supply by dissuading smaller builders.
England lost 17-16 to New Zealand in Wayne Bennett's first game in charge. Ryan Hall scored his 29th international try in the loss. Hall has now scored 30 Test tries, five more than Sam Tomkins.
Robson has lost virtually three years of her career - but yet she is only 22, and still armed with a devastating forehand. She has won only one tour level match since her return - and that came against an unranked Moroccan teenager in the first round of the WTA event in Rabat. Robson is now being coached
PC Keith Burgess, 41, was based at Southampton Central police station. He also faces three counts of misconduct in public office.
Alan Stubbs has left his role as a youth coach at Everton to take the job. He replaces Terry Butcher, who was sacked following Hibs' relegation from the Premiership last season. Stubbs has been appointed on a two-year contract.
Ireland exited the World Cup at the group stage after defeat by Pakistan. Trinidadian Simmons has been in charge of Ireland since 2007. He has previously been linked with the West Indies job on a number of occasions.
Newark's Magnus buildings will be renovated into a Civil War museum. The project will cost £5.4m and will open in September 2014. It is hoped the centre will attract more than 60,000 visitors a year.
The 19-year-old forward has yet to play a competitive first-team match for the Terriers. He did feature in pre-season friendlies against Liverpool, FC Ingolstadt 04 and Oldham in 2016.
Laura Muir breaks 25-year-old Scottish indoor record by 14 seconds. McColgan had raised concerns about whether the race met UK Athletics criteria. British Athletics confirmed Muir's time was expected to be classified as official.
They are accused of kidnapping, torturing and killing left-wing activists. Human rights groups hope the trial will shed light on Operation Condor. Condor was a joint effort among South American military rulers.
England take 1-0 lead into second Test at Lord's. Captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win. Australia captain Michael Clarke expects Mitchell Starc to be fit.
The former HSBC bank building in Cardiff is to be converted into flats. The four-storey building was constructed in 1874 for coal owners and exporters Cory Bros. Cardiff planners said the proposals would help regenerate the area. But the Victorian Society opposed the plans, saying it would harm the listed building.
List of 208 new man-mediated minerals is published in the American Mineralogical Association. Many in the list have been found down old mine tunnels or on heaps where water and even fire have had the opportunity to work up novel compounds.
Boy had lived with the twin in his stomach his whole life, but went to hospital after complaining of pain. His mother told Bernama the foetus "was formed with organs like those of a baby" It is believed to be the first reported case of the condition, known medically as "fetus in fetu
Andrew Butchart, Eilidh Doyle, Zoey Clark, Chris O'Hare, Steph Twell, Josh Kerr and Eilish McColgan secured their spots at the British team trials. Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015. Muir is leading
Police confirm they are investigating the source of the posts. Montgomery High School in Bispham will open as normal on Monday. Principal says safety of pupils and staff is paramount.
The women, aged between 18 and 29, have been recruited on social media. Five of them are now living with IS militants in the conflict zones. Concern has been rising since mid-2014 about Australians going to Middle East to fight for IS.
Warwickshire beat Durham by six wickets in their County Championship clash. Mark Stoneman scored his first Championship century for the visitors. Paul Coughlin and John Hastings added 49 runs for the second wicket.
Report shows economic warnings from pro-EU groups have been "baseless scaremongering", Vote Leave said. Britain Stronger in Europe group said it was further evidence that leaving would damage the economy.
Warner's behaviour personifies a lack of discipline. It would never have happened in the days of Australia's Steve Waugh. Australia are already without their captain, Michael Clarke.
Firefighters across the UK who retired between 2001 and 2006 received lower lump sums than they should have. The Treasury has given the Welsh government £5m to compensate those affected in Wales.
Communication between two proteins is what triggers the cell tent to lose its shape and become unanchored. This allows the cells to travel to other areas of the body. Researchers said their findings could help prevent the spread of lung cancer.
Aljaz Bedene battled past Spain's Carreno Busta 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 4-6 5-7 6-2. The 26-year-old ended the match with 23 aces. Bedene lost his only previous meeting with Novak Djokovic at the Australian Open.
U.S. and Cuba have reopened their embassies in each other's capitals. Restrictions on flights to and from the island have been lifted. But the US embargo on Cuba remains in place.
Luton beat Bristol City 3-1 at Kenilworth Road. Jack Marriott scored twice for Luton. Aston Villa loanee Callum Robinson scored for City.
It's a virtual reality headset which when worn will allow gamers to experience a virtual gaming world. It won't be cheap though, it's being sold for £549 and you'll need a very powerful computer to even be able to use it.
Qatar is the richest country per capita in the world. But it also needs to import 90% of its food. Qatar joins a growing list of countries that are importing food but buying land abroad. Oxfam says more than 60% of foreign investments in agriculture were in developing countries.
Iranian President Rouhani is on a five-day visit to Italy and France. He is expected to secure valuable trade deals following lifting of sanctions. Among them is a likely agreement with French aircraft manufacturer Airbus.
The Taylors will arrive in Albert Square this summer. Executive producer Sean O'Connor describes them as "noisy and brash" The announcement has split opinion among fans on the soap's Facebook page.
Rivers in Cumbria have been drying up. Levels of water stored in reservoirs in Cornwall are getting low. But at the moment, the UK isn't thought to be having a drought. In April the weather was especially dry - the country saw less than half the rain it normally would.
All 57 seats contested, of which the Tories took 43, compared to 36 in 2013. Labour gained a councillor, taking their tally to 12, while the Liberal Democrats saw their number fall from six to two. Turnout was up on 2013, at 33.7%.
Baroness O'Loan was injured in an IRA attack on the Ulster Polytechnic in 1977. She argues that it's only by confronting the past that people in Northern Ireland will drag themselves clear of it. Last weekend alone, 140 parades were held across the province.
Dwight Gayle scored 26 goals in 74 games for Crystal Palace. Matt Ritchie made 42 appearances for Bournemouth last season. Both moves were completed on the same day as Andros Townsend's departure.
Lewis Coaches runs buses from Aberystwyth to Cardiff via Carmarthen. Confederation of Passenger Transport Cymru said 40 jobs were at risk. Ceredigion council said it was working to continue some services.
Kelly Pearce, 36, was found with fatal throat wounds on Canvey Island, Essex. Anthony Ayres, 49, of Fairlop Avenue in Canvey, denies murdering her. Ms Pearce had been stabbed 40 times in the face and neck, court heard.
Tommy Smith's angled shot put the hosts in front before Tomer Hemed rounded the goalkeeper to equalise. Nahki Wells fired into the top corner and Elias Kachunga nodded in to make it 3-1 before half-time. Lewis Dunk was sent off for a second yellow card midway through the second
Asghar Buksh, 55, repeatedly struck mother-of-six Nasreen Buksh over the head with a heavy blunt object which has never been found. He admitted culpable homicide on the basis of diminished responsibility after saying he had no recollection of the killing. The High Court in Glasgow heard that 43-
Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe said there were not enough officers to carry guns. The Met Police commissioner is retiring after more than five and a half years in the post. He said the force would increase firearm officer numbers by 600.
More than 20 firefighters called to Westmorland Shopping Centre in Kendal. A cordon was put in place around the complex, which houses about 30 shops.
Derek Thomas said diabetes is "completely avoidable through good diet and exercise" Dozens of constituents complained that his comments were inaccurate and insulting. Mr Thomas said he was "sincerely sorry" and would raise the issue with government.
Suite Francaise is the story of Jewish author Irene Nemirovsky. She was arrested by the Nazis in 1940 and died at Auschwitz in 1942. The film, directed by Saul Dibb and starring Michelle Williams, is released on 13 March.
Eyewitness described the fire at Eco-Oil Ltd at Hoo as 'huge' Fire started in two road tankers before spreading to plastic and steel drum oil containers. No casualties have been reported.
14-time Grand Slam champion has played in the Wimbledon warm-up event on six previous occasions. The Aegon Championships will be held from 13-18 June in London.
The ship took shelter near Mounts Bay after an initial rescue failed. The men were airlifted to Royal Cornwall Hospital.
US President found himself immersed for the first time in the complexities of the EU. European leaders were offered a tantalising glimpse of the president they preferred. Barack Obama basked in the admiration of a huge crowd at the Brandenburg Gate. Mr Trump's schedule appeared to have been designed to minimise opportunities for press
Ngoo has been without a club since leaving Scottish side Kilmarnock last year. The 24-year-old had loan spells with Hearts, Yeovil Town and Walsall during his time with Liverpool.
Strong winds overnight fanned the flames which reportedly started in the Poole Lane Reserve. Waroona resident Melissa Young told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. she left her home when she saw the glow of the fire.
Asad Khan, from Bradford, died in September. His family believe he had been bullied. An inquest into his death was adjourned on Monday when the claims emerged.
13m new Isas were opened in 2014-15, down from 13.5m the year before. The figure will be disappointing for the Treasury, which is trying to encourage more people to save. In July last year the maximum subscription amount was increased to £15,000.
Number of farms increased to 7,865, more than doubling in four years. UK is at'significant risk' from criminal gangs who cultivate cannabis on a commercial scale.
Volunteers began piecing together the 5.7m by 1.57m picture of jungle creatures. It was almost complete two weeks later, but four pieces were missing. Graham Andrew had to ask the Barcelona manufacturer to re-cut them. The pieces have arrived and the puzzle should be completed on Friday.
The woman has been named as Joy Robson, 50, from the Isle of Skye. The boy was taken to hospital but his condition is not believed to be life-threatening. It happened on the first stage of the Highland Car Club Snowman Rally.
It is the first time Wales' commissioners for children, older people, future generations and Welsh language will appear on stage together. They will discuss how the education system can play a part in shaping the nation's future.
Cornelius Price, 40, threw six-pint bottle in a temper. Admitted criminal damage at Llandrindod Wells Magistrates' Court. Told to pay £1.50 compensation, fined £75, ordered to pay £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Maria Cahill waived her right to anonymity to tell how republican movement responded to her allegations. She claimed she was raped by a suspected IRA man when she was a teenager. Ms Cahill said the IRA later helped to cover up the alleged abuse.
About 300 Jews went to Jasenovac a week ahead of the official ceremony. Jewish association chief Ognjen Kraus said the snub was a warning to the new centre-right government.
The move reunites the 21-year-old with former boss David Moyes. Belgium international Januzaj had asked to leave Old Trafford on a permanent transfer. He has scored five goals in 63 appearances for the club.
Hearts majority shareholder Ann Budge hopes fans can drive this income via continued pledges to the Foundation of Hearts. The transfer of Budge's shares to FOH would be delayed under the proposal.
Berahino has not started a game since 10 September. The 23-year-old has not played for West Brom in the league this season. He has not scored but has featured five times for the Baggies.
Saracens will play Tigers in the semi-finals of the Anglo-Welsh Cup. The winners will face either Saracens or Exeter in the final. Welsh regions Dragons, Scarlets and Ospreys failed to make it through.
Kyle Clarke, 27, died when he was hit by a car in Hengrove, Bristol. His mother Helen Stockford described him as the "light of her life" Shakrun Islam, 30, is charged with Kyle's manslaughter.
It was England's first victory away in New Zealand since 2001. Emily Scarratt, Abbie Scott, Lydia Thompson, Marlie Packer and Vicky Fleetwood scored the tries. England are preparing for the Women's Rugby World Cup.
Motorised paraglider had'very close encounter' with Airbus A400M in July. She told investigators "she thought she was going to die" The UK Airprox Board assessed the incident as having the most serious degree of risk.
45 fire fighters are at the scene, including crew members from the Irish Fire Service. It is the latest of 435 reported wildfires since the beginning of May.
Liam Cann, 22, of Goldhanger, Essex, contacted a number of boys online. He was convicted of 23 sex offences in October last year. Judge John Dodd described the defendant as "clever and calculating"
Josephine and Anthony West are the duo behind London-based band Oh Wonder. Their debut album, Body Gold, went straight to No 1 on the iTunes chart. The band have just released their second album, Ultralife.
Concerns were raised after the youngster drew a picture of a man cutting the vegetable. Staff in Luton told the child's mother they believed he was saying "cooker bomb" The case was sent to a police and social services panel instead of de-radicalisation scheme Channel.
Tori Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse charges and the children are now with their father. Onlookers in the car park instructed the five-year-old on how to open the boot from the inside.
Mr Galloway tweeted that he had an "unknown substance in my eyes and lungs" He added later that he was "feeling better... just needed a good shower" Police Scotland confirmed they had been called to a disturbance.
Ali Assadalla scored the only goal as Qatar dominated the second half. Ivory Coast beat Angola 2-0 in their first home match since winning Nations Cup. Egypt beat hosts Equatorial Guinea 2-0 in Hector Cuper's first game in charge.
Celtic manager says Europa League qualification would be biggest achievement of his career. Deila led Stromsgodset to Norwegian top-flight league title in 2013. In-form striker John Guidetti is ineligible for the Europa League group stages.
Wales' 37,600 teachers will be given a learning passport by September. Education Minister Huw Lewis said having "high capacity, high skilled professionals" was essential.
Manchester United are unbeaten in 14 Premier League games. But they have drawn their past three and are sixth in the table. Jose Mourinho's side travel to champions Leicester on Sunday.
Police called to Biffa depot in Avonmouth at 11:00 BST on Friday. Staff alerted by possible remains at one of the units. Victim named as Matthew Symonds, 34, of no fixed address in Swindon.
Party has been carrying out "one final round" of vetting to stand in race. UKIP donor Arron Banks suggested Steven Woolfe will not be on the ballot. Mr Woolfe's candidacy is in officials' hands after he missed deadline.
Arbroath were relegated to Scottish League Two last season. Paul Sheerin has been player-manager at the Red Lichties since 2010. Aberdeen chief executive Duncan Fraser said Derek McInnes chose Sheerin after "a comprehensive process"
New neighbourhood policing teams will be based in Lurgan and Armagh. They will "deal with community problems and give advice" The roll-out of all 26 ACCs is expected to be completed by 1 October.
Pittsburgh Steelers safety Troy Polamalu has retired from the NFL. The Samoan-born safety has won two Super Bowls with the Steelers. He says retiring will give him the chance to spend more time with his family.
Daniel Jason Shepherd pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of Jonathon Robert Thomas. The 34-year-old died following an incident in November. Mr Thomas played for Swansea RFC along with his brother, Nicky.
Last year's final was won by Ronnie O'Sullivan after a thrilling 9-5 comeback victory against Australia's Neil Robertson. The schedule of play and scores will appear below, with detailed BBC coverage available here.
Adama Diomande (Hull City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Jake Taylor (Exeter City) hits the crossbar with a left-footed shot. Robert Snodgrass (Hull) from free kick with left footed shot to the bottom right corner
Part of Ysgol Glan Clwyd in Saint Asaph will be demolished in November. New classrooms, assembly, music, drama and dining areas created. Work is aimed at meeting growing demand for Welsh-medium education.
The 45-year-old and six other men originally faced charges relating to the acquisition of the club in May 2011. Mr Whyte has yet to enter a plea to the charges against him.
Full-back Denton, 20, curled in a fine effort in the first half. Kemar Roofe hit the crossbar for Leeds as they pressed for a second. Jack Marriott twice squandered chances when he was one-on-one with the goalkeeper.
Under a law aimed at reducing prison overcrowding, senior citizens can choose between house arrest and performing some socially useful task. Ordinary criminals can be assigned by the courts to work in centres for drug addicts, or soup kitchens for the homeless. But Mr Berlusconi is no ordinary criminal. He normally travels surrounded by
Andy Hessenthaler was appointed as Orient boss last week. Edwards has been coaching in the club's academy since 2009.
Wayne Moores, 28, was killed by a Vauxhall Astra on the M4 near Swindon. Donna Hackett, then aged 26, fled and was found by police asleep in a ditch. She served half of a six-year jail term after being found guilty of causing death by careless driving while drunk.
Two men believed to have been carrying guns forced their way into the house. They demanded money before assaulting a man aged in his 50s.
Jason Roy scored 162 in England's series-clinching win over Sri Lanka. The Surrey right-hander is now second on the all-time list of highest ODI scores. Roy also made a century in a record-breaking stand with Alex Hales.
Wales hooker Ken Owens will win his 50th cap against France. Owens has made 31 of his previous 49 Wales appearances from the bench. The 30-year-old has started all of Wales' Six Nations matches this season.
Essex and Worcestershire draw weather-hit opening day at Chelmsford. Tom Westley unbeaten on 70 as Essex reach 144-1 at stumps. England Test captain Alastair Cook scored 56.
Abid Naseer was extradited from the UK to the United States in 2013. He was convicted of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al-Qaeda. The Pakistani national had been living in the north-west English city of Manchester.
Russia has carried out air strikes on anti-government rebels since 2015. Moscow's involvement is credited with turning the war in favour of its ally. Russia, along with Turkey and Iran, is now pushing for peace talks.
The Spaniard, who won the title in 2009, came through 4-6 6-3 6-7 (5-7) 6-3 6-2 in four hours and six minutes. Zverev, 19, had recovered a break early in the final set before requiring treatment for cramp.
The man said he found the metal object floating on a remote river in the municipality of Salinopolis. The debris has been confirmed as coming from a satellite launched from the Kourou base, in neighbouring French Guiana, last July.
Brusthom Ziamani, 19, from Camberwell, south London, was found guilty last month of preparing an act of terrorism. The court heard he was inspired by the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby. He converted to Islam in 2014 and became radicalised. Months later he was arrested in east London
Elisa Bianco said she had just months to live and Sally Retallack funded a final trip for the 22-year-old. Bianco, of Fowey, Cornwall, was jailed for 32 months at Truro Crown Court in December 2015 after she admitted stalking. Appeal Court judges cut the sentence to 28 months.
The body of a woman aged about 70 was found in the rubble, local media said. Three people were also injured in the incident, one seriously. Nearby apartments were later evacuated over fears of a gas leak.
Lithuanian side took the lead when a clever dummy from the impressive Oscar Dorley set up Maksim Maksimov to net. St Johnstone equalised when Joe Shaughnessy headed home Liam Craig's corner. Trakai responded with a stunning long-range strike from Vaidotas Silenas.
165,000 people sign petition calling for government to cap school holiday prices. Department for Business, Innovation and Skills says it's up to businesses. Travel industry welcomes "staggering" holiday dates to avoid high demand.
Last month, G4S was awarded the contract to run Birmingham's 1,400-inmate jail. It is the first existing public sector prison to be contracted out. Prison officers are banned from striking, but will vote on action.
Cyriac has played for Anderlecht, Standard Liege and Oostende. Fulham have option to buy him back at the end of the season. Cottagers are currently 11th in Championship.
Donald Trump said many controversial things and flip-flopped on a number of policy positions during the campaign. Here, we look back at 24 of his professed beliefs.
Cornelius Gurlitt died aged 81 after suffering a heart attack. His father, Hildebrand, was Hitler's designated art dealer. He was ordered to deal in works that had been seized from Jews. Investigators found more than 1,400 works in his Munich flat in 2012.
Perth-based firm is buying £82m worth of new vehicles for regional networks. A further £10m will be invested in new buses for London. Most of the rest will be made by Volvo and Mercedes Benz.
Granada will finish bottom of La Liga after defeat by Espanyol. The former England captain was appointed until the end of the season in April. Adams has insisted he will not stay on as coach but has been working at the Spanish club as a consultant since November.
The A40 between Nantgaredig and Whitemill is closed and diversions are in place. A grey Smart Fortwo Prime, a black Volkswagon Golf and a grey Volvo were involved in the crash.
Moorways was closed to the public in 2016 but continued to be used by swimming clubs until the end of January. The decision was made in a bid to save about £350,000 a year. Moorways, built more than 40 years ago, has struggled with maintenance issues.
Isis Academy in Oxford has changed its name to 'Iffley Academy' The school says it wants to protect its reputation and image. The name was chosen as the school is near to the section of the Thames named Isis.
A firmer dollar in the aftermath of the first Clinton-Trump presidential debate helped send gold prices lower. The Dow Jones Average was up 0.74% to 18,174, while the more tech-related Nasdaq rose 0.92% to 5,284. Technology shares were strong, with Facebook and Google parent Alphabet both rising
An app called HearScreen can detect hearing loss with just a low-cost smartphone. It can screen two ears in less than 60 seconds and its makers claim that the system is six times cheaper than traditional testing equipment. The app has won the approval of partners such as the World Health Organization.
Jaeseok Lee, 40, collapsed at an address in New Malden on Wednesday. Hyojung Lim, 43, has been charged with his murder, Scotland Yard said. Ms Lim is due before Wimbledon Magistrates' Court later.
Andy Murray has pulled out of an exhibition match with a hip injury. The world number one was due to play at Hurlingham Club in London on Friday. Murray is still expected to begin the defence of his Wimbledon title on Monday.
The biggest party in the right-wing bloc is now the anti-immigration Danish People's Party. As a result, the bloc that will rule Denmark is likely to be very different from the one Mr Rasmussen led when he was prime minister in 2009-2011. Many questions about Mr Rasmussen's government remain
Newport council is consulting on budget plans that could see the library shut. A spokesman said it would relocate the reference library if the building shut but no decisions have been made. Friends of Arthur Machen literary society said its members are writing to the local authority.
Rikki Evans, 28, started playing the bagpipes at 11:00 on Wednesday and stopped playing more than 24 hours later. Under Guinness rules he was allowed to take a 10 minute break every two hours.
Che Labastide-Wellington, from Harrow, was at a party in Belvedere Way, Kenton. Police said there had been a fight with a group of youths who tried to gain entry. He was pronounced dead about an hour later. A 16-year-old boy was also stabbed and taken to a
Malaria carries serious risks for mother and baby including miscarriage, stillbirth and premature labour. There have been no malaria-related deaths in pregnant or recently pregnant women in the UK in the past decade.
Natalie Bennett urged voters to "vote for what you believe in" Caroline Lucas said only the Green Party was willing to stand up to the establishment parties. Green Party has vowed to put up the top rate of tax to 60p in the pound.
BBC has seen a copy of the document, which is due to be signed off on Thursday. It contains policies on nationalising railways and renewing the Trident weapons system. The final version will form the foundation of Labour's pitch to voters on the 8 June general election.
Ms Wood was the last leadership candidate to throw her hat in the ring. Her campaign quickly gathered momentum, with a band of active young supporters enthusiastically championed her cause online. She speaks, he said, "with a voice that resonates across Wales"
The rate of growth in hiring employees sank to a four-month low. The number of job vacancies made available also fell to their slowest in 2015. Recruitment agencies reported that the pay of temporary and contracted staff also continued to grow.
Liam Stewart is a London-born, USA-raised 21-year-old who will count as a foreign import. Blaze, who won the Elite League five times in eight seasons between 2003 and 2010, finished sixth last season.
Hereford United's fate has been in the balance since the end of the season. Chester have been reinstated as a Conference Premier club. Hayes & Yeading will stay in Conference South.
The 53-year-old man, identified as Ramu Chavan, was accosted by traffic police. Police received multiple calls from people who saw him. Mr Chavan confessed to beheading his wife but did not divulge a motive. He worked as a watchman at a building currently under
Helal Uddin and Mohammed Anwar Hossain were freed on Tuesday evening. They were seized on 6 March from the al-Ghani oil field along with seven other foreigners. Islamic State militants were suspected of carrying out the abductions.
Tommy Sheldon died two weeks after being pulled from the inferno by a passer-by. His mother Teresa Sheldon, from Kent, has also been charged with the attempted murder of another person. She was remanded in custody when she appeared at Winchester Crown Court.
Move would reverse a long-held policy of not naming alleged war criminals. More than 220,000 people have been killed during Syria's four-year civil conflict. Investigators have prepared five lists of names including 'a variety of perpetrators from different groups'
Reverend John Price told his victims the hypnosis was to help them relax, a court heard. The 82-year-old is accused of carrying out the attacks in the 1970s and 80s. He denies 14 counts of indecent assault on boys aged between 11 and 17.
John Letts, 55, and Sally Lane, 54, denied providing money for suspected terrorism. They are due to appear at the Old Bailey on 23 June. The 20-year-old was suspected of being the first white Briton to join the terror group.
A mezzanine ramp was fixed and the vessel departed at about 10:10 BST. Repairs to an electrical fault on the Condor Liberation were completed earlier this week.
Local Development Plan is looking at how area will grow after 2016. 100 sites which could be earmarked for development in Swansea. Council admits regenerating existing sites would not provide for all the city's future needs.
The events were organised by the Right2Water group. The campaign is made up of community groups, political groupings and trade unions.
Commonwealth champion Josh Taylor signed to Shane and Barry McGuigan's company. Taylor defends his title against Ohara Davies at Glasgow's Braehead Arena on 8 July. The pair hope Taylor will generate the same level of appeal as stablemate Carl Frampton.
Discovery is reported in the journal Science. It is evidence of our early ancestors' complexity of thought.
Ireland's growth for 2014 is now expected to be around 4.5%, up from 2.1%. Year-on-year growth of 7.7% was the strongest recorded since early 2000s. By comparison, the eurozone recorded growth of just 0.7% over the same period.
City Square could be closed off to through traffic by 2021. Neville Street that runs past Bridgewater Place into the city centre could also be closed. Move forms part of the city's 2023 European Capital of Culture bid.
The university was the first in the world in 1997 to offer degree level qualifications in computer games development. The University of Malta was the only other European institution to make either list.
For the true believers it was simple, Scotland was a nation. The independence campaign of 2014 was almost entirely prosaic. 44.7% had said yes to independence, 55.3% had said no.
Local reports say a British man died after turning a pistol on himself. The Foreign Office could not confirm the reports.
Helen Richardson-Walsh scored twice as GB beat Argentina 3-2. Great Britain next face Japan on Friday. United States beat Japan 6-1, Australia beat India 6-1.
Fernando Forestieri is a doubt for Derby's trip to Ipswich on Saturday. David Nugent could return after missing Monday's draw with Huddersfield.
Megan Lee, from Oswaldtwistle, died on 1 January, two days after she was admitted to hospital. The takeaway has been temporarily closed by Hyndburn Council. Two men from the takeaway held on suspicion of involuntary manslaughter by gross negligence.
Caroline Wootton-Thomas forged colleague's signatures on cheques. She then transferred cash to a bank account she set up in her mother's name. The 49-year-old was convicted of theft and transferring criminal property.
ActiveQuote's software provides information on specialist health and protection insurance products. The Welsh government will provide £600,000 to back the firm.
Kim Jong-un called on the military to be ready to "ruthlessly" destroy the government in South. The South's President Park Geun-Hye has ordered the army to be on alert.
Demonstrators accuse Tehran of interfering in Afghanistan's affairs. Soaring fuel prices have angered many Afghans at a time of high demand. Iran denies blocking fuel exports to Afghanistan.
Scientists in Germany have created a database of tree species in cities. They hope it will help city planners choose the right trees for their area. The urban environment is expected to increase by nearly 30% over the next decade.
Leigh Halfpenny ruptured anterior cruciate knee ligaments against Italy. Scrum-half Rhys Webb also suffered an ankle injury in the match. Full-back Liam Williams has not played since having foot surgery in June.
Ms Goulard is the second leading figure in President Emmanuel Macron's cabinet to leave. She is linked to a French inquiry into claims her centrist MoDem party wrongly used EU funds to pay party workers.
Steve Dillon's brother Glyn confirmed the death on Twitter. He was best known for his collaborations with writer Garth Ennis. Dillon was born in Luton in 1962.
American Hoffman, 40, carded a three-over 75 to drop to four under overall. Spain's Garcia, 37, shot a 69, while Belgium's Pieters hit a 68. American Fowler shot a day's best 67. Rory McIlroy (73) is one over as he seeks
Pictures taken by the US space agency's Dawn spacecraft on its first full science orbit since arriving at Ceres on 6 March. Researchers on the mission concede they still have much to learn about the dots' true nature. Dawn will spend the coming months studying its geology and surface chemistry.
Alexander Young crashed his Iveco Daily van into Andrew Nisbet's parked car. Mr Nisbet, 58, suffered fatal injuries when he was struck by his own vehicle. Young pled guilty to a careless driving charge at Livingston Sheriff Court.
Officials in Pakistan, Malaysia and Indonesia all said they had not agreed to join the alliance. Saudi Arabia on Tuesday said 34 mainly Muslim nations would be part of the anti-terror grouping. Prince Mohammed said it would focus on efforts to fight terrorism in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Egypt and Afghanistan.
Russia finished bottom of Group B after defeats by Wales, England and Slovakia. Uefa had threatened to disqualify Russia after violence from fans. Leonid Slutsky only had a contract until the end of Euro 2016.
20-year-old has made seven senior appearances for Rovers so far in his career. Born in Wales, he has previously had loan spells at non-league sides Taunton Town and Bath City.
Australia's David Warner has been banned for the rest of the Champions Trophy. Warner is alleged to have struck England batsman Joe Root in a Birmingham pub. He was also fined £7,000 (AU $11,500) by Cricket Australia. England and Australia players were in the Walkabout pub in the early hours
Wyre Forest District Council granted planning permission for the water park. Park said it hoped this would open by 2017. Some people living in Bewdley have raised concerns about traffic congestion.
Malala Yousafzai was attacked on her way home from school in Mingora, the region's main town. She came to public attention in 2009 by writing a diary for BBC Urdu about life under Taliban militants who had taken control of the valley. A Pakistani Taliban spokesman told the BBC they carried out the attack
Sir Harry Burns is to chair a review of NHS targets and performance. He stepped down as Scotland's top doctor in 2014 to focus on health inequalities. An initial report and recommendations are expected in spring 2017.
Michelle Mellotte, 61, took the money from Michael McGrory in February 2010. She knew her patient was suffering from Alzheimer's when she asked him for the loan. In April, Ms Mellotte admitted fraud by abuse of her role and was given a suspended prison sentence and was suspended from the
Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury found guilty of nine out of 23 charges. He is the first member of the Bangladesh National Party to be tried by the court. The BNP and his lawyers argue that the trial was politically motivated.
Northants need 350 runs to win on the final day against Leicestershire. The hosts declared on 289-7 with 16 overs left in the day. Paul Horton and Arun Harinath survived a testing final hour.
The St David Awards acknowledge extraordinary achievements. categories include citizenship, culture and sport. Peter Fuller was nominated for stepping in to stop a machete attack in Mold. Matthew James is also nominated for shielding his partner from bullets.
Green Valley Films' The Bench won best original screenplay of a foreign language film. Film was written by a group of friends from Blaenau Gwent and was their first attempt at writing a movie. It was filmed for just £4,000, with all involved giving their time for free.
10 men and 3 women, aged from 22 to 54, due to appear in court next month. Ten face charges of conspiracy to hold another person in slavery or servitude. Two have been charged with cheating the public revenue.
Mick Fett was born the year the first film in the series came out. He has amassed a vast collection of action figures, costumes and other merchandise. His collection fills the five-bedroom home he shares with his girlfriend.
Oscars 2017, Sunday February 5, 2017, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, California.
The Ibrox club had two bids rejected by the Canaries for the 30-year-old Scot. Dorrans becomes Pedro Caixinha's ninth summer signing. Bruno Alves, Daniel Candeias, Carlos Pena, Eduardo Herrera, Dalcio, Ryan Jack, Alfredo Morelos and Fabio Card
The cabin cruiser developed electrical problems as it made its way to Salt Island. A Portaferry lifeboat crew was launched and everyone was safely taken to shore.
Christopher Hannah was driving a car which mounted the pavement and struck Sophie Brannan. Hannah, who is said to be a heroin addict, admitted a charge of culpable homicide. Sentence was deferred at the High Court in Glasgow.
Items have been highlighted during sonar scanning of the waterway. Moira Anderson left her grandmother's house in Coatbridge in February 1957. Convicted paedophile Alexander Gartshore is suspected of her murder.
South African President Jacob Zuma announces a freeze on university fees. Students had rejected an earlier government offer to cap increases at 6%. The protests have been the biggest to hit the country since apartheid ended in 1994.
Executive producer Johnny Capps says the show is'made to work pre-watershed' New series is darker and more serious than last. Jack Donnelly, who plays Jason, says he was worried about backlash.
Amazon said it had its biggest sales day in the UK on Friday, selling more than 7.4 million items. Visa Europe said £760m was spent online with its cards, up nearly 25% on last year. Department chain John Lewis said that this year's Black Friday saw its biggest ever single-day trade
Rover has now driven more than 100m from the location on the floor of Gale Crater. Engineers have parked the vehicle for a few days to practise using the 2m-long robotic arm.
Early indications of wide variations nationwide, with up to one in six missing out on their first choice of school in some areas. Pressure is growing, particularly in schools on London's fringes and in cities such as Leicester, Nottingham, Reading and Peterborough. In London, around 99,000 pupils or 95% received a
National Portrait Gallery commissions feature people from culture, politics, sport and fashion. 'Paul Smith to J.K. Rowling' opens at the University of Hull on Wednesday. The free exhibition runs at the Brynmor Jones Library until June.
Hend, 43, carded a one-over-par 73 to finish on nine under. Hatton, 24, birdied five of his last eight holes to shoot a six-under 66. Lee Westwood (68) and YE Yang (75) are tied for third. Masters champion Danny Willett (
The four-year-old was bitten a number of times in Skegness, Lincolnshire. The dog's owner allegedly refused to provide her details to the parents. Police are treating the incident as an offence of having a dog dangerously out of control.
Lego said it has never sold directly to anyone wanting to make a political statement. Ai Weiwei said Lego told museum its bricks could not be used for artworks containing "any political, religious, racist, obscene or defaming statements" The artist will now use the donated toy bricks to make "a new work"
Kubica suffered a partially severed right hand in a rally accident in 2011. The Polish driver is competing this year in the European Rally Championship for Citroen. He is doing work for the Mercedes F1 team in their simulator as he continues his recovery.
Also in the line-up are Steve-O, ex-JLS star JB Gill, Heather Mills and Louie Spence. Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! contestants Phil Tufnell, Ashley Roberts and Joey Essex will all be on the show.
Rherras is a 23-year-old left-sided player of Moroccan descent. Sammon has agreed a three-year contract as he leaves Derby County. Hearts are preparing for their first Europa League qualifier.
Mr Turnbull, who was communications minister under Mr Abbott, is the fourth prime minister since 2013. In his first Question Time session in parliament, Mr Turnbull paid tribute to Mr Abbott. Mr Turnbull is not expected to announce a new cabinet line-up until the end of the week.
Survey of 2,750 11- to 18-year-olds carried out by Digital Awareness UK and the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference. They warn night-time usage of mobiles means pupils are coming to school tired. Almost all (94%) are on social media - with a tenth saying they would feel
The 1949 Delahaye Roadster was given to Dors when she was 17. The sky blue car has been described by auctioneers as 'outrageous'
Qiang Gao, 39, attacked the co-worker in the kitchen of the Szechuan Express takeaway in Thatcham, Berkshire in May. The victim, 40, suffered severe head injuries including a fractured skull and had a finger partially severed. Gao denied attempted murder, claiming self-defence, but was found guilty
Lynx became extinct in the UK 1,300 years ago. The National Farmers Union has previously raised concerns.
Retailer has been refurbishing the 160,000 sq ft store since last year. Work is part of a £1bn redevelopment of the shopping centre. Store will be reconnected to the redeveloped St James Centre in 2020.
Huws has previously had loan spells at Colchester, Dagenham, and Gillingham. The 23-year-old will be ineligible to face parent club Manchester City on Saturday.
Former Manchester City player Zoe Tynan died after being hit by a train. The 19-year-old's death is not being treated as suspicious. Her family paid tribute to a 'vibrant, generous and fun-loving girl'
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, said she drank body lotion because she was hungry and thirsty. She was only brought out on Saturday morning after security forces found a teacher she knew.
Mudassir Hussain pleaded guilty to preparing acts of terrorism. The 31-year-old made it to Turkey before his family alerted police. Police said the actions of Hussain's family may well have saved lives.
Man was specialist in chemical and biological weapons for Saddam Hussein. Named as Sleiman Daoud al-Afari, he was reportedly seized last month. Pentagon would not confirm his capture, but said special forces had begun operations in Iraq.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named during a live awards show on Sunday, 14 December 2014 (BBC One & BBC One HD). Voting details and criteria are below. An expert panel (hereafter 'the Panel') will be convened in November 2014 in London to decide the shortlist for the BBC Sports
Long-running debate about Hermione's race reignited after she was cast as a black actress. Some argue that it makes sense for Hermione to be black because of the challenges she goes through. Online, Art by Harry Potter fans depicting Hermione as black or non-white has been circulating on sites like Tumblr for
Programme makers did not disclose the comments made by Biggins. But they said the Channel 5 show "does not tolerate offensive language"
Team of cancer specialists, GPs, NHS and public health experts from Wales have just returned from fact-finding visit to Aarhus, Denmark's second city. Changes followed "quite alarming" cancer survival statistics 15 years ago. Part of the problem was that waiting times patients faced before getting diagnosed were too long
An area of the town near the swimming pool had been evacuated. It is thought to be a British mine dating from the 1940s or 1950s. Exclusion zone remains in force on the river while experts make safe it.
Infantino's idea follows Uefa's decision to play Euro 2020 in 13 different countries. Each confederation shall have to wait at least two editions before being able to host the World Cup again. Infantino is one of five candidates standing for the presidency.
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager. The former Coventry City, Derby County, Stoke City and Watford midfielder has signed a one-year deal. Harriers chief executive Colin Gordon says he wants someone to take the club forward.
It is the oldest church with this number of bells in the UK.
The buildings were last used by the Witan International College 10 years ago. The university, which owns the buildings, and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments.
The 24-year-old has been out of action since November with a knee injury. It is understood his recovery has progressed quicker than expected. He could now be in contention to face Scotland on 11 March or Ireland a week later.
The line from Llandudno Junction, Conwy, and Blaenau Ffestiniog, Gwynedd, was shut. A tree has been removed from the line between Aberystwyth and Birmingham International. On Anglesey, speed restrictions remain in place around Gaerwen due to flooding.
Timothy Deakin, 21, of Heywood, denied murder but was found guilty. He was ordered to serve a minimum of 27 years at Bolton Crown Court. Deakin was also sentenced to three years for wounding and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as Manchester United manager. United finished fifth in the Premier League this season. Jose Mourinho is expected to take over at Old Trafford.
Expert says beaching may have followed death of dominant male in pod. Rescuers sprayed the whales with seawater as they tried to return to sea. About 400 residents went to the beach to help the rescue operation.
Residents living around the Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield have said cars are being illegally parked on local streets. The hospital is looking at demountable parking decks above existing car parks as one solution.
Waiting times of up to three and a half hours at Folkestone and an hour in Calais. Delays due to 'increased security measures' and working hard to minimise them. On Thursday, a teenager was killed by freight train near the tunnel.
For the first time in India's recent history, there is a decline in the female labour participation rate. Women quitting work in India may be due to: marriage, motherhood, vexed gender relations and biases, and patriarchy. Rising aspirations and relative prosperity may be responsible for putting a large cohort
Wes Morgan is out with a back injury and Nampalys Mendy is a doubt. Xherdan Shaqiri is set to miss an eighth straight game for Stoke with a calf problem. Glen Johnson and Jack Butland both remain sidelined.
Girl claimed Paul Frew linked her name to anti-social behaviour on Facebook. Mr Frew said he had never meant to harass the girl. After the judgement, the North Antrim MLA said he felt "vindicated"
Trafford Council closed Bollin Primary School in Bowdon, Greater Manchester on Monday. Council said the school had appointed an interim head teacher. It follows a strike by teachers on Thursday, supported by some parents.
Glasgow travel to Wales to face a Scarlets side sitting fourth in the table. The Warriors are two points behind leaders Leinster and Connacht with three games remaining. Glasgow lost in the semi-finals in 2013 before reaching the final 12 months later.
The crash involved several vehicles on the southbound carriageway. The 32-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene.
Berahino was stopped by Cheshire Police in the early hours of 22 October. The 21-year-old was found to have 101 mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood. He was offered a drink-driver referral course and fined £3,400.
Her stepson, filmmaker Carlo Alberto Pinelli, told the Hollywood Reporter that she had died on 1 May in Spain. In Casablanca, she played Humphrey Bogart's spurned lover.
The 28-year-old centre-back spent a spell on the sidelines with a similar problem last season. He also missed the start of the season after surgery on a back injury.
Lenin Moreno, of the governing left-wing Pais party, fell just short. He will fight former banker Guillermo Lasso for the top job. There had been tension after long delays in the count.
Eoin Morgan and Alex Hales have pulled out of England's ODI squad. Bangladesh army commandos performed drills inside the stadium on Thursday. No international side has toured Bangladesh since a siege at a cafe in Dhaka in July.
705 emails and passwords originating from government agencies found. Details likely to have been stolen when used to access malware-ridden sites.
EU Negotiation Joint Ministerial Committee met in London. UK minister for Europe David Davis said he wanted to keep Scotland up-to-date. But Scottish government minister Mike Russell said more transparency was needed.
Dundee lost 4-2 to Cardiff Devils in Saturday's semi-final. They then lost 15-8 to Belfast Giants in Sunday's third-place match. Stars were the first team from Dundee to make it to the finals.
GB women's team will need to rank in the top six from nations who have not already qualified. Commonwealth champion Smith is the lead candidate to represent Team GB should the GB women claim a berth. Ex-England lifter Hannah Powell will line up at her first major international since the 2011 World Championships.
Alberto Moreno is wanted by former club Sevilla in La Liga. AC Milan and Inter Milan have expressed an interest in the left-back. Liverpool will insist on £30m for Mamadou Sakho. Lazar Markovic is a target for Watford and Zenit St Petersburg.
Kengo Kuma was given a tour of the site where construction is underway. The architect said he was confident the museum would be completed on schedule. It will be completed by the end of 2017 and open in the summer of 2018.
Protesters say they are being forced out by high rents and housing shortages. The population of Venice has dropped to under 55,000, from 175,000 in 1951.
Augustin Dobre and Ionut Muti were caught on CCTV in a council probe. They were recorded dumping items including building rubble and sheep carcasses. Dobre, 23, was handed a six-month prison sentence, while Muti, 24, will serve 11 months.
Ministry of Defence said crash near Kandahar air base appeared to be a 'tragic accident' The deaths bring the number of British forces killed in the conflict in Afghanistan to 453.
Chinese policy of opening up to new overseas alliances presents 'a myriad of opportunities' for Scottish businesses. Shandong Province represents the third largest economy in China, with a population of nearly 100 million.
Yau Wai-ying won a seat in Hong Kong's parliament in September. She and fellow pro-independence politician, Sixtus Leung, were sworn in. But they swore allegiance to the "Hong Kong nation" instead of China. The Hong Kong government launched a court case to disqualify them
Manchester United beat Anderlecht 3-2 on aggregate in Europa League quarter-final. United took the lead through Henrikh Mkhitaryan in the 10th minute. But the Belgians equalised through Sofiane Hanni after 32 minutes. Rashford got the winning goal after 107 minutes with a brilliant turn
Security experts warn that African governments and commercial online services are vulnerable to criminals. But critics say these laws could also be used to clamp down on the use of online platforms that promote good governance. The measures have not only been implemented in countries known for strict media controls such as Ethiopia, but are also being introduced
Electoral Reform Society said impact of political leaders had been'minimal' It called for a 'root and branch' review of the way referendums are run. The society said the EU debate was in'stark contrast' to Scottish independence.
Polls suggest the Conservatives may be on course to become the largest party in Wales. Losing Bridgend would be a symbolic blow for Labour as it is the assembly seat of First Minister Carwyn Jones. The Conservatives are determined to push the narrative of May vs Corbyn.
British number one is taking a short break before preparing for the US Open. Konta became the first British woman since Virginia Wade 39 years earlier to reach the Wimbledon last four. The 26-year-old was born in Australia to Hungarian parents.
Paulinho is Barcelona's first signing since Neymar left for PSG. Luis Suarez will be out for four to five weeks with a thigh injury. Barcelona are also interested in Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele.
Problem was detected at water treatment works at Tophill Low and Keldgate. Yorkshire Water said the issue had now been resolved. It could take several hours for water supplies to return to normal.
The Magical Journey closed temporarily after receiving hundreds of complaints. Bosses said they had "no alternative" after a "key financial backer" dropped out. Ticket-holders have been advised to contact their banks for refunds.
Ms Jones said she did not want to give up being an AM to go to Brussels. Mr Gill has been told to stop "double-jobbing" as an AM and MEP. Ms Jones was third in the 2014 UKIP European Parliament election list.
Ghana introduced scheme 10 years ago when it was suffering from a shortage of nurses. It funded the education of nurses who then had to agree to work for the next five years in Ghana. But now the government says it has enough nurses and it is no longer useful to keep them under bond.
John Porter's brother Mike, 66, died at the scene after they were knocked to the ground by cows in Wiltshire. After an inquest jury returned a verdict of accidental death, he said he hoped more could be done to prevent a further tragedy. The jury noted that there had been previous attacks in the
Thieves broke into production room to steal two laptops and car keys. They fled with a Mercedes Sprinter Splitter van containing crew suitcases. The comedian's Limboland tour continues later in Cardiff.
Wayne Rooney's new Manchester United deal is part two of a three-step strategy. The other thing to consider is that Rooney had just 18 months remaining on his previous deal. It's cheaper than United having to find a replacement in the transfer market.
Plymouth beat Portsmouth 3-2 on aggregate to reach League Two play-off final. Hartley scored a 91st-minute header to send the Pilgrims to Wembley for first time in 20 years.
Japan's economy expanded by 1% in the first three months from the previous three. It also grew 3.9% on an annualised basis, compared with a preliminary reading of 2.4%. The benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended flat at 20,457.19 points.
Revenue rose by 24% to a record $3.5bn, due to higher sales volumes. Price for LNG from Woodside's Pluto facility increased by 36%. Woodside operates six out of the seven LNG "processing trains"
The risk of fraud and online crime is costing each UK small business up to £4,000 per year. Cybercrime as a whole costs the UK economy an estimated £27bn a year. Small firms need to protect their data against viruses, malware and natural disasters.
Police in Scotland are allowed to search people for drugs and weapons. But there has been controversy over "consensual searches" New code will end consensual searches from May. It states that stopping and searching members of the public is a "significant intrusion into their personal liberty and privacy" Officers will not be allowed to
The Borders to Edinburgh route had been hit by delays and cancellations. ScotRail apologised and said buses had been arranged to supplement the trains.
Welsh players make up 33% of all sportsmen and women serving drugs bans. WRU chief Martyn Phillips not "overly concerned" because number tested is proportionately higher than in other rugby unions and sports. 17 Welsh rugby union and league players, from grassroots to semi-pro, are currently banned.
Pope Francis made the comments at a Mass in the Armenian Catholic rite. Armenia and historians say up to 1.5 million Armenian Christians were killed in 1915. Turkey has always disputed that figure and said the deaths were part of a civil conflict.
Lance Armstrong's former team-mates react to his confession. Frankie Andreu's wife says he should not return to cycling. Journalist Dan Roan says Armstrong has not changed since the 1990s.
The cups are made from 80% recycled steel. They're available at 10 of the main bars at Glastonbury.
Rescue missions include hillwalkers and climbers and searches for missing people. Inverness base is one of UK's busiest search and rescue units.
The FA has a 'three strikes' policy and the most likely punishment is a fine. It is understood the information was not updated following a change to training routines. Manchester City have accepted the charge.
Left-wing party accused him of failing to carry out necessary economic reforms. Grindeanu lost the censure motion by 241 votes to 10. He was involved in a power struggle with party leader Liviu Dragnea.
Less than 5% of broadband customers affected. News coincides with launch of Sky Go Extra service.
Security review into how Khalid Masood was able to enter Parliament. He entered the Carriage Gates entrance before he was confronted and subsequently shot. One security expert said the breach may have been a product of complacency.
93% of those in a new study stayed cancer-free after stopping or reducing treatment. Cancer Research UK said the results were 'promising' But dosages should not be changed without a doctor's advice.
Thomas Jackson, 30, was injured as he tried to help Mia Ayliffe-Chung, 20. Frenchman Smail Ayad, 29, has been charged with murder and attempted murder. Police said this charge would be changed to murder. Mr Jackson's father said: "We are bereft. Our darling Tom has
Atletico Madrid lost 2-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League. Fernando Torres was sent off after just seven minutes. Luis Suarez scored both goals for the holders.
Jack Walsh is from Lisburn in County Antrim. The 23-year-old studied at film school in Los Angeles. He is now working for the hugely popular Game Grumps channel.
The men, in their 20s, were stopped at Aston Quay in the city on Friday, 29 July. In a follow-up search, police found ecstasy tablets worth an estimated 418,000 euro (£353,176) and cocaine worth 24,000 euro (£20,278)
Since 1989 Mr Corbyn has signed 19,485 motions. Of those he was the primary sponsor of 766 and a co-sponsor on 2,727. They aren't necessarily an effective way of bringing about change. But they are a good way for an MP to draw attention to an issue.
The Longford Town Centre was once a cathedral of commerce. Now it stands as a monument to the end of the Republic of Ireland's economic crash and burn. Local traders believe the bad times are slowly changing.
Boris Johnson will travel to Moscow to meet Sergey Lavrov in the coming weeks. Foreign Office says it will focus on relationship between the UK and Russia. Spokesman says it is not a return to business as usual and will be robust.
Lancastria troopship was sunk by German dive bombers on 17 June 1940. Only 2,500 people survived the largest single loss of life for British forces in the whole of World War II. The Scottish government commissioned a medal in 2008, issuing more than 375 since.
Labour calls for new powers to curb growth of fixed-odds betting terminals. Party accuses gambling industry of exploiting changes to gambling laws. But MPs defeat Labour's call for local authorities to be given new powers. Culture Minister Helen Grant says machines' future is 'unresolved'
Olympic gold medallist pulls out of New York marathon with knee injury. Gebrselassie, 37, leaves the sport he dominated for the last two decades. He has also made a name for himself outside the sporting world.
The Nikkei group has just acquired the Financial Times for $1.3bn. It is one of Japan's oldest and most prestigious newspaper groups. Little is known about the man behind the deal - except that he has alluded to the need for the Nikkei group to expand.
Luis Suarez's lawyers argued Fifa's decision to suspend him was too strong. FIFA's ruling still prevents him from playing "organised" matches. But now the Uruguay striker can take part in all "football-related activities" He will be presented as a Barcelona player on Monday at the Camp Nou
The 30-year-old was previously with Wigry Suwalki, who are 14th in Poland's second tier. He has 35 international caps for Lithuania.
The plans resolve a concussion lawsuit filed against the federation by parents. US Soccer said it had planned to introduce a new safety campaign. They also intend to limit the amount of heading in practice for children between the ages of 11 and 13.
Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox has offered £10.75 a share in cash for Sky. The media tycoon already owns a 39.1% stake in the British pay-TV company. Analysts say the offer is "not quite a done deal" but would be surprised if it didn't go ahead.
The men, aged 36 and 37, were arrested on Monday in the Rotherham area. Arrests are part of an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation.
Two men entered the Post Office in Quarrywood Avenue, Barmulloch. They threatened a member of staff with a knife and demanded money. The 27-year-old worker was said by police to have been badly shaken.
Competitors aged 14 to 19 are hiking distances of up to 55 miles (89 km) The 56th event started at 07:00 BST, with 2,400 teenagers taking part. The first teams are expected to cross the finish line on Sunday morning.
Nama is Republic of Ireland's 'bad bank', set up to deal with toxic loans after 2008 crash. UK's National Crime Agency is investigating Nama's Northern Ireland deal. Cash was transferred to an Isle of Man bank account, it is alleged. Parties to the deal deny wrongdoing,
Steffan Roberts Vernon, 33, and Alexander Hadley, 21, died at Llanberis beauty spot. Two others, aged 27 and 25, were treated in hospital and later released. Police believe the men got into difficulty while swimming in the 'extremely cold' water.
The action was taken by St Columba's School in Inverclyde. A 56-year-old man has also been reported to prosecutors over alleged historical abuse.
Tiote died after collapsing during training for Chinese second-tier side Beijing Enterprises on 5 June. Friends, family and former Newcastle team-mates attended the memorial. "I lived some extraordinary moments with this man and today he is gone," said former Magpies striker Papiss Cisse.
Greek PM Antonis Samaras failed to get enough support for his presidential nominee on Monday and will call an election for 25 January. Price of copper also fell to its lowest in four-and-a-half years on a strong dollar and a slowdown in China. Japan's Nikkei fell 1.6% to
Blackberry reported profits of $98m (£65m) for the quarter, after posting a big loss for the same period last year. The Z10 handset is seen as crucial to the future of Blackberry.
Proserv will build a control system for three subsea wells near the Tern platform in the Cladhan field. The other contract with an unnamed operator involves subsea well and manifold control systems.
The STRB has recommended a pay rise of just 1% for teachers in England and Wales. The rise applies to all leadership and teacher pay ranges and to allowances. Teachers' unions expressed disappointment at the 1% rise, saying it would do nothing to ease recruitment and retention issues.
Overall, increased by 0.1% to 43.1%, after decades of decline. In France, the National Front overcame its pariah status to win 24 seats. The ruling Socialists lost only one seat, but remained with a meagre tally of 13.
Gwyneth cynnig gwerth am arian, Ar gais Llywodraeth Prydain, cyn weinidog ynni Charles Hendryeu drlio bron i flwyddyn. Byddai'r cynllun ym Mae Abertawe
Council leader Joe Anderson said plan would not go ahead after 57% of respondents said no. He also revealed plans for a Liverpool lottery in his New Year message. Green party Councillor Tom Crone said the consultation was a "sham exercise"
Under US law, 40% of the corn harvest must be used to make biofuel. Drought and heatwave across the US has destroyed much of the country's corn crop. UN says suspension of the quota would allow more of the crop to be diverted for food production.
Researchers at the University of Bristol believe the shape of beer glasses affects the speed people drink.
Dugdale spent a year at the club, making 20 appearances and scoring two goals. Liverpool-born Dugdale posted on Twitter that "the distance from home and my young family was too much"
Mythic: The Story of Gods and Men had promised "playgame characteristics will be similar to that of World of Warcraft" Site has successfully funded nearly 22,000 schemes since it was created in 2009.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, is charged with 30 counts related to the bombings. Three people were killed and more than 260 wounded in April 2013 attack. Medical examiners gave graphic details of the injuries suffered by victims.
Health workers in England and Northern Ireland went on strike on Monday. But many of the people using the health service may not have noticed a huge difference. Ministers have awarded NHS staff a 1% increase, but only for those without automatic progression-in-the-job rises. Unions have been told they
Jack Zawadski, 82, and his nephew, John Gaspari, are suing Picayune funeral parlour. They claim the staff refused to handle the funeral of their uncle, Robert Huskey. But the co-owner of the funeral parlour has tearfully denied the allegations.
The city has more than 500 man-made sandstone caves. Some people would not be able to access the caves in Mortimer's Hole. The caves have been digitally reproduced as part of Nottingham's festival.
Noah Zunde, who was 22 months old, succumbed to heatstroke after being left in the car for seven hours. His mother mistakenly believed she dropped Noah at childcare, the Coroners Court of Victoria heard. Ms Zunde was sleep-deprived, stressed and dealing with a change in routine before
altering the immune system slowed the spread of skin cancers to the lungs. Cancer Research UK said the early work gave new insight into how tumours spread.
Women's Big Bash semi-final sees Perth lose by eight runs to Sydney. Charlotte Edwards and Elyse Villani both made half-centuries for Perth. Alex Blackwell and Stafanie Taylor helped Thunder post 118-6 in 20 overs. Hobart Hurricanes face Sydney Sixers on Friday for place in
Scottish Conservatives claim surge in support has'sunk' case for second indy poll. SNP poised to take control of Aberdeen City Council after support for Labour falls.
Bell travelled around the Middle East in the early 1890s. She is credited with drawing up the borders of modern Iraq. Her childhood home, Red Barns, in Redcar, is now empty. Labour MP Anna Turley is seeking help to save the building.
Russian court has issued an arrest warrant for Mikhail Khodorkovsky. He is accused of ordering the murder of a Siberian mayor in the 1990s. Former head of Yukos oil firm says he is considering asking for asylum in the UK.
At least 79 people are feared to have been killed in the blaze on 14 June. Theresa May told the Commons it was a 100% failure rate. She urged local authorities and housing associations to "get on with the fire safety checks" NHS Improvement said it has written to all NHS trusts and foundation trusts.
The Pyongyang Times said the new alcohol "exudes national flavour" It derives from Kaesong Koryo insam - a natural herb thought to have medicinal properties. North Korean media is known for making often outlandish claims about its domestic achievements.
Newcastle Falcons have lost all four of their games so far this season. Saturday's 28-20 defeat at Worcester Warriors was their fourth in a row. Director of rugby Dean Richards says there is more to come from the Falcons.
Reuben Lewis from Llanidloes was driven 45 minutes from Ysgol Cedewain, Newtown. BBC Wales understands he was then left alone on the parked bus in Rhayader. Powys council said there had been a "serious breakdown in communication"
President Trump said Paris deal would only have a 'tiny, tiny' impact. But researchers say he was 'cherry picking in the extreme' in his use of the facts. They say the deal could make the difference between tolerable and dangerous levels of warming.
Cpl James Dunsby's body appeared to be "shutting down" on Brecon Beacons. The 31-year-old's temperature was 40.4C (104.7F) - well above a normal 37C. He was one of three reservists to die from overheating on the march
Google is working on technology that combines disease-detecting nanoparticles with a wrist-worn sensor. The idea is to identify slight changes in the person's bloodstream. Early diagnosis is the key to treating disease. Google's ambition is to constantly monitor the blood for the unique traces of cancer.
Ghana are seeking an elusive fifth Nations Cup title in Gabon. Grant's side beat DR Congo 2-1 in Sunday's quarter-final. Ghana face Cameroon in the semi-finals on Thursday.
The 23-year-old has scored three goals in 127 games for the Shrimps since joining from Blackburn Rovers in May 2014. Edwards was named player of the year at Morecambe's awards night.
Carer Melanie Harris, 44, emptied the bank account of 65-year-old Ted Carter. She used it for shopping trips and family presents, Exeter Crown Court heard. Harris, from Barnstaple, denied one count of fraud but was jailed for two-and-a-half years.
The number of competing teams at World Cups last changed in 1998. It increased from 24 to 32. Gianni Infantino made expansion part of his election manifesto. A 48-team tournament was the most financially appealing, he said.
Arlene went missing after a night out in County Donegal in 1994. The main suspect in her disappearance, Robert Howard, died in prison last year. Kathleen Arkinson said she felt police had missed opportunities to question some witnesses.
Age UK review identified more than three million people aged over 65 with a care need. Charity warned that the lack of support for the ageing population was risking their health. Ministers said steps were being taken to provide more help.
Ruth Carr attacked Alan Allan, 34, at about 09:00 on 25 January last year. She had claimed Mr Allan had sexually assaulted her. A jury at the High Court in Glasgow rejected her claims of self defence.
At least 100 others were wounded in the strike, which reportedly struck a warehouse containing weapons. A commando who survived the attack suggested that civilians might also have been among the victims. Other air strikes on Wednesday severely damaged a rebel-controlled naval base in the western province of Hudaydah.
The motion was tabled by Jim O'Callaghan, Fianna Fil, amid fears that the planned march could lead to violence.
Welshman Chaz Davies won the race as Northern Ireland's Rea secured an unassailable 55-point lead going into the final race of 2016. England's Tom Sykes, who needed to win and for Rea to finish outside the top 14, finished fourth.
Detainees are part of a group of 88 prisoners previously held by the US. The US insists they are "dangerous individuals" but Afghanistan says there is not enough evidence against them. Hundreds of prisoners at Bagram jail have been freed since March last year.
Director's Guild award is usually an indicator of success at Hollywood's biggest night. But Affleck missed out on an Oscar directing nomination. This will be the seventh time in the DGA's history the winner has failed to take the Oscar for best director.
A statement said the drive was aimed at "asserting the nation's territorial integrity" President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in Yobe, Borno and Adamawa states. Fighters from the Boko Haram group are blamed for most of the violence.
Former Sun and Daily Mail writer had been suffering from oesophagus cancer. Mr Corrigan died on Thursday at a hospice in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan. He was surrounded by his family, hours after watching Wales play England.
The boys, aged 12 and 13, were seriously injured in the attack in Havant, Hampshire. Richard Michael Walsh, 43, has been charged with two counts of attempted murder. He will appear before magistrates in Portsmouth on Monday.
The 23-year-old earned GB's second medal of the Hong Kong championships. Latham emerged from the pack to take bronze as he chased down Adrian Teklinski of Poland. In the men's team pursuit, GB were beaten to the bronze medal by Italy.
Kieron Assiratti, Shane Lewis-Hughes, Morgan Sienawski, Rhun Williams, Kieran Williams and Declan Smith remain from last season. "The players are excited to defend the trophy and work towards going beyond the achievement of previous years," said coach Jason Strange.
Steve Pemberton will adapt EF Benson's novels about two ladies. The characters were previously played by Prunella Scales and Geraldine McEwan in a Channel 4 series in 1985. Richardson, who will play Elizabeth Mapp, said: "I cannot wait to get my teeth into Mapp and of course, Lucia
'Oey' was quite a shy lad who enjoyed playing football and going out with his mates and brothers. He was very close to his siblings, as well as his Mum and Dad. Joseph loved life to the full, he was always happy-go-lucky and forever with a smile on his face.
Teen held the blade to driver Mohammed Ashar's neck on their return to the party. One boy, 16, pleaded guilty to assault and another, also 16, admitted theft. Sentence was deferred until next month for social work background reports.
Jodie Taylor scored the only goal of the game in the second half. England have now conceded just one goal in eight matches. Mark Sampson's side will be heavy favourites to progress from a Euro 2017 group also featuring Scotland and Spain.
The 22-year-old made his Dragons debut at 17, making him the youngest player to ever represent the region. Evans will compete for a place in Bath's side with Chris Cook, Will Homer and new arrival Niko Matawalu.
The 42-year-old had regained the lead from Armel Le Cléac'h. But he passed the halfway mark just off New Zealand's south island. Thomson is aiming to be the first Briton to win the race.
Motion condemned "misogynistic, hateful comments" made by Mr Trump. It was filed by Greens MP Jeremy Buckingham to the Upper House of the NSW parliament. Mr Trump has apologised for remarks, which he described as "locker-room talk"
BBC will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of coverage, including 550 hours of television on BBC One and BBC Four. Up to 24 live HD video streams will show every moment online. Fans will also be able to personalise their Rio 2016 experience on the BBC Sport website and in the app.
The Transocean Winner came ashore in a storm while being towed to the Mediterranean. Its owner Transocean has paid the money requested by the MCA. The rig was eventually taken back under tow and scrapped in Turkey.
Operation Stack was extended to phase four for the first time in its history. It followed strike action in France by MyFerryLink workers who closed Port of Calais. And Stack was again brought in days later after about 150 migrants tried to storm the Channel Tunnel in a bid to board UK-bound freight trains
Mark Jones, 43, had been in hospital since the incident on 26 July. Edward Bennett, 47, and Stephen Bennett, 52, were both remanded in custody. South Wales Police said a review of those charges would now take place.
West Indies beat England by five wickets in World T20 final. Marlon Samuels top scored with 85 not out as Windies won with 19 balls to spare. West Indies become first two-time winners of men's World Twenty20.
Coetzee claimed responsibility for the killings of several ANC members. He joined the ANC, where he was known as Comrade Dirk with allegiance to Nelson Mandela.
Former police chief, two officers, a solicitor and a club secretary to face charges. Inquest last year concluded fans had been unlawfully killed at 1989 FA Cup semi. Theresa May said it would be a day of "mixed emotions" for families.
Archaeologists have been monitoring the building of the West Link. The new road is being built for Highland Council to ease traffic flow.
The city of Munich has been shaken by a series of violent attacks in the past few days. The series of attacks has shaken people here. What is going on in Germany? What drives individuals to commit mass killings?
The Electoral Commission and the BBC agreed that to qualify for an election broadcast a party has to stand a minimum of 12 candidates in at least six constituencies. The Workers Party said this rule was "effectively putting a price tag on political airtime"
Floyd Mayweather's van was set on fire in Birmingham on Sunday. The boxer was in the city meeting fans as part of a tour. An eyewitness filmed the damaged vehicle but did not wish to be named.
Girl was riding Hogwarts Express train with her family from Tennessee. She suffered mild burns to her face, arm, and leg, and was taken to hospital. The vapouriser was inside another man's pocket when it malfunctioned.
Man suffered neck injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene. Emergency services attended the scene shortly after 11:00 GMT.
Number of people with vision problems is expected to soar. Growing ageing population is behind the rising numbers. Some of the highest rates are in South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa.
Scotland beat Poland 1-0 in a friendly in Warsaw on Wednesday. Captain Scott Brown scored the only goal of the game. The two sides will meet again in October in a European qualifier.
Richard Gray, 36, admitted intending to cause fear of violence. Also admitted possessing a knife in Worthing's Victoria Park. He was sentenced to eight weeks in prison for each offence.
In Poland, where it is a public holiday, people light candles at relatives' graves. Gunnersbury Cemetery in west London contains 1,600 graves belonging to Poles. About 100 people turned up to sweep away leaves and light candles.
Service providers must now show upfront and monthly costs. They will not separate out line rental prices. The Advertising Standards Authority said customers are less likely to be misled.
A man threatened a 33-year-old member of staff with a weapon and attacked him. The suspect fled with a four-figure sum of cash, cigarettes and the wallet and mobile of a customer. Police described it as a "shocking" and "vicious" attack.
New legislation to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland was passed by the House of Lords in March. Welfare Reform Bill failed to pass at Stormont on Tuesday night.
No-one was injured but the area has been cordoned off by the council. The seafront promenade remains open. A public toilet block at the foot of the cliffs was destroyed.
The 28-year-old has scored 37 goals in 98 appearances since joining the Lions from non-league Halifax in 2014. Neil Harris: "Lee committing his future to us is a big boost for everybody"
The inmate had been serving a 30-month sentence for sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13. He was due for release from HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire on 6 January. The Ministry of Justice said an investigation is now under way.
In Mid Dorset and North Poole, Conservative Michael Tomlinson beat Vikki Slade. Tobias Ellwood was re-elected in Bournemouth East with 14,612 majority. Richard Drax will be returning to Parliament after winning Dorset South seat.
Council leader Jenny Laing said protecting frontline services and jobs was budget priority. Proposals to cut cultural programme and libraries were ruled out.
Liam Fee was only two-and-a-half-years-old when he died. His nursery alerted social services, worried by a change in Liam. Liam's childminder had also made her concerns known. A senior Fife social worker admitted that at one point Liam "fell off their radar
The new rules, brought in on Friday, also include stopping Syrian refugees travelling to the US. Mr Trump said the plans were about keeping America safe from terrorism.
The government said changes to the Australian Citizenship Act would be introduced to parliament on Wednesday. The new laws could be applied to up to half of the 120 Australians fighting in the Middle East with Islamic State. Last month, the government said it would give the immigration minister the power to revoke citizenship in regards to terrorism
Protest by 16 soldiers sparked by grievances with their captain and sergeant. It took place while on exercise in Kenya in February this year. 15 were sentenced to detention, one of whom was dismissed from the Army.
The 33-year-old victim was playing on a fruit machine in the Rosevale Tavern. Police said a stranger assaulted him and fled via a side entrance. The victim was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment.
Comedian and actor Hart will release an album in the autumn. The album, currently untitled, will be recorded by Motown Records. Hart wrote on Instagram: "Y'all just knocked on the door of a small giant"
Top seed Murray made short work of American Sam Querrey, winning 6-4 6-2 6-4 in one hour and 59 minutes. Evans, the world number 51, then upset Australian 27th seed Bernard Tomic with a 6-3 7-6 (7-2) 7-6 (7-3) victory. It is the first time Evans has made it so
Allen had an initial spell with the Vikings between 2008 and 2013. He was named one of its 50 greatest players. Allen last played for the Carolina Panthers in 2015.
Dunkley made 52 appearances in all competitions for Oxford last season. He rejected a new contract and will join Wigan on a free transfer.
Report says more than 60% of the ocean has no rules because it's outside national jurisdiction. The report was commissioned to inform delegates preparing a UN resolution on governance of the open ocean. One area - the Bay of Bengal - is at a tipping point which could impact on global fish stocks.
Six people died and 15 were injured when the lorry went out of control. Driver Harry Clarke, 58, blacked out and the vehicle came to rest in George Square. The FAI examined Mr Clarke's health, the bin lorry and the route it took.
Mr Bell made the allegation while speaking under parliamentary privilege. He named advisers Timothy Johnston and John Robinson. The DUP said the claims were "outrageous, untrue and unfounded"
Dumfries and Galloway Council said the new service was proving of a "high standard" A review of its impact has claimed that many figures could not be directly compared between the old service and the new one.
New 30-mile Borders Railway is expected to open in September. Announcement welcomed by Lib Dem MSP for the south of Scotland.
SP Manweb was granted permission to run 10.5 miles of overhead cables between two wind farms in Clocaenog Forest. Local action group Pylon the Pressure won the right to a judicial review. It claims the double wooden poles would be a blight on the countryside.
Saido Berahino scored his first Premier League goal since October. West Brom beat Crystal Palace 3-2 in their FA Cup clash on Saturday. Chris Brunt was struck by a coin thrown from a Baggies fan last weekend.
Each sculpture is sponsored by a local business and decorated by an artist. The Go Herdwick project is part of the trust's 40th anniversary. It will raise funds for a new facility at its Old Windebrowe site.
England lost 1-0 to Spain in an international friendly in Alicante. England's next friendly is against France on Tuesday night. The match will go ahead as planned after the terrorist attacks in Paris.
The circa 600 AD coin was discovered on land at North Elmham, near Dereham. It was created by French rulers of the time to increase their currency. The pendant was declared treasure by the Norfolk coroner on Wednesday.
Arron Banks, who funded the Leave EU campaign in last year's EU referendum, made the allegation via Twitter. He said the move was "apparently" in response to him saying the party's current leadership "couldn't knock the skin off a rice pudding" But a UKIP spokesman said his membership
The council is consulting on plans to introduce a cycle lane on Pontcanna's Cathedral Road. It is part of a wider north west Cardiff bus corridor scheme. The plans include measures to re-allocate space on the roads to cyclists.
Melanie Killen is the first ever woman umpire of a North West Cricket Union match. Her father Clarkie has been umpiring for a while. The pair were in charge of Tuesday's game between St Johnston and Ballyspallen.
Two men convicted of abuse at Skircoat Lodge in the 1970s, 80s and 90s. Victim Kaz Gray said inquiries did not go far enough. Calderdale Council said no one involved in the cases still worked for it.
Vincent Ryan, 25, was shot dead in Finglas, Dublin, on Monday. He had dropped off his partner and five-month-old baby. The gunmen escaped in a silver Volkswagen Golf.
Skins of caterpillars found on Winmarleigh Moss, near Garstang. The baculovirus drives caterpillars on a "death march" to the top of plants. Trust's Dr Chris Miller said it was "gruesome - like a zombie horror film"
Andrew Hocking, 57, sexually assaulted four girls, aged between six and 12. He was found guilty of one count of rape and six indecent assaults. Sussex Police said Hocking showed "no genuine remorse" for his actions.
Lasse Vibe netted a first-half double for the Bees. Nico Yennaris also scored for Brentford. Zach Clough scored a second-half consolation from the penalty spot.
Luke Durbin, 19, failed to return home after a night out in Ipswich on 12 May 2006. His mother Nicki said when a police team took over the case and interviewed her for six hours she was able to put more emphasis on the car. Police know the silver or white Volvo 440 was seen in Orwell Place
Lancashire were 264 ahead when their ninth wicket fell. Alex Davies (89) and Matt Jarvis (17 not out) added valuable runs. Derbyshire then lost both openers cheaply to end the day on 27-2.
Aston Villa's Jordan Ayew opened the scoring on 62 minutes. Paul-Jose M'Poku equalised for DR Congo with a long-range effort. West Ham's Andre Ayew then coolly dispatched a winning penalty.
Eight Villa supporters and seven Leicester fans were held after trying to run away from officers. Five more were arrested after being found hiding in a nearby car park.
War Office photographer William Lockeyear took a series of images as buildings burned and masonry came tumbling down. Two waves of bombs pounded Manchester from 20:00 GMT on 22 December, only ending 06:00 the next day. In total, 684 people died and a further 2,300 were wounded with districts to the north and east of
Castleford Tigers finish fifth in the Super League. Man of Steel nominee Solomona has scored 40 tries in the league. Lesley Vainikolo and Danny McGuire jointly held the overall record of 38 tries in a season.
A group calling itself Guardians of Peace claimed responsibility. North Korea denied being involved in the hack attack but has described it as a 'righteous deed' that may have been carried out by its'supporters and sympathisers' Sony Pictures has cancelled the planned release of The Interview.
Matthew Williams was found attacking Cerys Yemm, 22, at a hotel in Argoed. He was Tasered four times by police and arrested but later died. Newport hearing told he had previously made death and violence threats.
Mental health and neurological conditions affect an estimated 800,000 people in Wales. Chronic illnesses are a growing problem for the NHS as the population gets older. The Welsh government said it was working with charities on a patient guide.
Suspensions based on evidence from the McLaren report into state-sponsored doping in Russia. The six, including Sochi medallists, were named as having had urine samples tampered with at the 2014 Games.
The sum is on top of more than £1.2bn set aside in previous years' provisions. NAB is in the process of demerging and floating Glasgow-based Clydesdale. It intends to complete the break-up by the end of this year.
Police chased the animal around the course near Toki city in the central Gifu prefecture for hours. It ran into the lake shortly after it was shot with a tranquiliser dart. Officers said it had likely drowned and that its heart had stopped.
The Royal Victoria Hospital was closed in 2012, but later reopened to deal with seasonal demand. A Scottish Fire and Rescue spokeswoman said there were no casualties in the incident.
French policeman refuses to shake hands with president and prime minister. He says there are too many problems in the police force.
Nigeria's Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, wants all new recruits to the country's police force to undergo a lie detector test. The move is innovative and opens up all manner of possibilities on the African political landscape. But politicians and presidents may find the truth-telling exercise a challenge too far
The blue cloth-covered 1935 edition bears the Nazi dictator's signature. It was presented to former BBC and Oxford Mail journalist Peter Cadogan.
The team believes the footprints could be 3,000 to 4,000 years old. They lie across an area that would have been salt marsh when the footprints were made. The Royal Commission on Ancient and Historic Monuments is providing survey support.
Paulo Roberto Costa is in jail and being investigated for involvement in the alleged scheme. He named a minister, governors and congressmen, among others. Among them were members of the governing Workers Party and groups which back President Dilma Rousseff.
Rachubka joined Bolton in September 2015, but made only eight appearances for the club before leaving at the end of last season. The 35-year-old has played over 350 career games in spells with 16 clubs.
More than 600 Jamaicans are in UK jails but cannot be deported. Foreign aid-funded deal could save taxpayers £10m a year when transfers begin. More than 300 existing offenders are expected to be sent back.
The bank had no firewall and used second-hand routers that cost $10. A firewall would have made attempts to hack the bank more "difficult" The hackers aimed to steal $1bn but made mistakes that led to the theft being spotted.
The 33-year-old had a loan spell with the Seagulls in 2002-03. He had spells at Reading, Chelsea, Aston Villa and Fulham. Sidwell becomes Brighton's fourth signing of the January transfer window.
Foster is a boyhood Rangers fan who broke through at Pittodrie. A clash of personalities with Mark McGhee led to Foster being loaned out to Rangers in the deal that took Andrius Velicka to Aberdeen. Foster returned as a title winner, but the extent of the rivalry meant that his second spell
Hydrus currently employs 50 people in Brechin at a site on Eastmill Road. New facility should be complete by spring 2015. Bosses say it will create 100 jobs over five years.
I know Liam Broady pretty well and this is a big opportunity for him. There's no pressure on him, so I'm expecting him to play good tennis. This will be my 11th Wimbledon and I would say it feels different to when I first played. I played a lot of
Fees for 2017 listed on Durham, Kent and Royal Holloway websites as £9,250. MPs will vote in the autumn on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees. Government will support an increase if universities have good quality teaching.
A 44-year-old man is expected to appear before magistrates in December. Paul Colin Morrison, 51, died at Harrogate District Hospital on 20 November.
Cwmni Cylchffordd Cymru roi mwy o fanylion am fuddsoddwyr. Yn l Mr Skates y byddai'r llywodraeth nawr yn "ystyried y cynnig yn ofalus
Elias Kachunga opened the scoring after Norwich failed to clear a long ball. Aaron Mooy made it 2-0 with a low shot that beat Michael McGovern. Nahki Wells fired in a third underneath the visitors' goalkeeper. Huddersfield are nine points behind Brighton with a game in hand.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Sergio Aguero is serving a three-match ban for violent conduct. Jose Mourinho says his absence makes City "unpredictable"
West Brom face Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday. Tony Pulis is set to reach 1,000 games in charge of the Baggies. Pulis managed the Potters for 464 matches over two spells.
Sangakkara will finish his international career on home soil in August. The 37-year-old has already quit one-day and Twenty20 cricket. He announced his decision during the second Test match against Pakistan.
Moussa Dembele missed training on Tuesday with a hamstring complaint. Leigh Griffiths is serving a one-game ban. Erik Sviatchenko is carrying a knock. Dedryck Boyata is a long-term absentee.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has spent £750,000 on events since 2014. 18 different organisations have received support for 38 events. More than 43% of audiences had come from outside the region.
HMP Woodhill is mainly used to hold remand, newly-sentenced and short-term prisoners. Report said recorded levels of assaults were "very high" and double what inspectors have seen in other local prisons. It said the prison's response to the deaths had "lacked rigour"
Paul O'Connell retired from international rugby this year after the World Cup. Best, 33, is a candidate to succeed him although back row Jamie Heaslip could be favourite.
More than 20 competitors due to take part in Saturday's event in Cairngorms. Carvers from Scotland, England, Ireland as well as continental Europe, Canada and US regularly enter.
Irfan Patel, 33, was found guilty of cruelty against children at a Lancashire mosque. He was not the only one to suffer at the hands of a madrassa teacher. In the last year, three teachers from madrassas in Lancashire have been convicted of beating children.
It has perhaps been more like Pinter than Shakespeare. The menacing silences, the over polite exchanges and the brutal quest for dominance. So here is a cut-out-and-keep guide for any budding dramatist.
Ofgem boss Dermot Nolan says gas and electricity prices should be cheaper. Wholesale energy costs make up nearly half of a domestic bill. Yet, prices have not fallen, he said.
Other acts include children's entertainer Mr Tumble. Annual event takes place at Lulworth Castle from 27 to 30 July. Previous acts include Bassment Jaxx, Blondie and Fat Boy Slim.
Brookes will miss Saints' Premiership game at Leicester on Saturday. The 26-year-old England tight-head prop pleaded guilty at a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday. Brookes was dismissed in the 38th minute of Saints' 22-16 defeat.
Labour leader says he is'very angry' that so many died in the fire. He says people living in high-rise flats need answers to give them 'peace of mind' PM Theresa May said the residents were 'in our thoughts and prayers' But she was criticised for not meeting residents when she visited the
Mike Hearn is a software developer who has worked on Bitcoin for over five years. He left his job at Google to focus on Bitcoin full time in 2014. In May last year, Bitcoin chief scientist Gavin Andresen said bigger blocks should be added to the network. Some fear the network will eventually become over
The 27-year-old man from Blackburn was riding a grey Triumph Daytona motorcycle along the B6479 near Selside. The air ambulance was called but the biker died at the scene.
The girls were unable to travel to the US because of visa problems. They were told twice they wouldn't be able to take part in the competition. US President Donald Trump stepped in at the last minute.
Tries by Ben John, Sam Parry, Jeff Hassler and Dan Evans secured a bonus point by half time. Dafydd Howells, Keelan Giles, Ma'afu Fia, Alun Wyn Jones and a penalty try took Ospreys' touchdown total to nine. Fly-half Sam Davies
Two police officers taken to hospital after being hit by a car in icy conditions. Met Office said rain and sleet showers had caused ice to form on roads. First minister's Christmas message paid tribute to those who keep Scotland moving.
Sir Elton has to postpone a series of summer festival dates. He is expected to undergo surgery "in the coming weeks" The singer said he was a "ticking time bomb"
Cryptography was once controlled by the state and deployed only for military and diplomatic ends. In the 1970s, cryptographer Whitfield Diffie devised a system which took encryption keys away from the state. Diffie and three other experts spoke to the BBC World Service Inquiry programme about the spat between Apple and the FBI
Deutsche Bank says markets unsettled because parties held hostage by nationalist parties. Labour's position on how to deal with surge in popularity of SNP is not settled. This allows perception to grow SNP would end up wagging Labour dog in government.
Markit's latest Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 53.6, from 54 in May. Analysts said the strong dollar was weighing on factory orders. Meanwhile, US construction activity in May was its highest since late 2008.
The 'Rumble in the Jungle' took place in Kinshasa, Zaire, in October 1974. Muhammad Ali defeated George Foreman in the eighth round. Today Congolese boxers are hoping to follow in Ali's footsteps.
Occupants of 650 flats in Camden were evacuated at short notice from their homes. Local council says it will remove external thermal cladding from five tower blocks. Many occupants feel like the evacuation is an overreaction.
estimated 1.2 million people aged 16 to 25 in England have at some point stayed in an unsafe place. Actor Connor Lawson, who plays Alex in EastEnders, and Gaia Marcus, from homelessness charity Centrepoint, talk about it.
The airline said it had reallocated planes to "routes with greater demand" It said it would offer a "full refund or alternative flights" to customers.
City is at the heart of conflict between Turkish government and Kurdish separatists. Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the blast happened at a vehicle repair unit. He said "it seems there is no outside interference, and the explosion came from the vehicle under repair"
Here are some of the best pictures from around the world.
Munashe Charles Kutyauripo, 16, was attacked at Ashton Playing Fields. Police said the boys were arrested at separate addresses and were in custody. Detectives are continuing to search for Aaron Alexander Tavares-Gaiete.
Ballinamallard are 11 points clear of Rangers, who sit in the relegation play-off place. Rangers will retain their Premiership status with a win. Carrick are not in action until Saturday, when they take on Ards.
The best known of the virtual warriors are the Ukrainian Cyber Troops, the Cyber Berkut and Anonymous International. All present themselves as independent activists, separate from other, government-sponsored groups.
Kevin McKell, 31, told security staff he had a knuckle duster and a knife. Check revealed three CS gas canisters, seven knives and 10 knuckledusters. McKell admitted possessing the weapons without reasonable excuse or lawful authority.
Tata Steel has said it plans to sell the rest of its UK steel business. The Scunthorpe steelworks is a key part of Tata's long products division. Greybull Capital has been in talks to buy the division for nine months. It is understood Greybull is not envisaging further restructuring
Mickelson missed a 15-foot birdie putt on the 18th for a 62. Patrick Reed and Martin Kaymer are second on five under. England's Andy Sullivan is four under, one ahead of compatriot Justin Rose. Rory McIlroy carded a 69.
Transport for London (TfL) remains confident, although it admits there will be breakdowns. The trick will be in getting the system back up and running quickly.
Dixons Carphone shares were up 1% after it said full-year profits were set to be slightly higher than previously forecast. The FTSE 100 index was down 17.61 points at 6,910.66.
There were 5,423 assaults on prison staff in the 12 months to end of March. Self-inflicted deaths in the year to the end of June were up from 82 to 105. 65 prisoners were released in error in 2015-16 - the highest total for six years. Justice Secretary Elizabeth Truss said the level
Advice includes opening up less sensitive areas to dog walkers. Landowners encouraged to explain why certain places should be avoided. Almost four million adults visited Scotland's outdoors every year.
Lead singer of The Alarm is encouraging US congressmen to 'Get On The List' Mr Peters co-founded the Love Hope Strength Foundation in 2007. He is encouraging more people to sign up as potential lifesavers.
Finance minister Mark Drakeford will present Welsh Government's spending plans. Last year's budget came to almost exactly £15bn, but for 2017/18 we are expecting that to shrink to between £14.6bn and £14.8bn. Ministers always face pressure to boost funding for the NHS - and there could well be
A lorry has crashed into a house in Leominster, Herefordshire. The A44 is likely to be closed all day, Hereford and Worcester Fire and Rescue said. Rail services between Hereford and Shrewsbury are expected to be disrupted.
Healy twisted his left leg in the 37th minute of the 69-17 win on Wednesday. The Ireland international has also been cited for allegedly biting Brett Sheehan. Corbisiero, 24, was part of the England squad currently in Argentina for the two-Test tour.
The US Justice Department is moving to seize more than $1bn (£761m) in assets. The seizure by the US would be the largest ever by the Justice Department's anti-corruption unit. 1Malaysia Development Bhd, set up by Mr Najib in 2009, was meant to turn Kuala Lumpur into a financial
The homes are planned to be for social or mid-market rent. It is hoped they will all be completed by 2021. Glasgow City Council's executive committee also approved £20m to improve existing housing.
Price of Brent crude fell to $27.67 a barrel at one point, its lowest since 2003. Morgan Stanley analysts say "oil in the $20s is possible", if China devalues its currency further. What are the factors that have caused the price to sink below $30 a barrel?
The Labour-run Welsh government said the scheme had not been scrapped. Last year, the scheme's budget was cut in order for cash to go to the NHS. Critics say the closure points to 'confusion' within the Labour party. But the Welsh government insists it is not being scrapped
Organisers said the aim was to highlight women's rights. Protest comes after series of controversial comments by President Trump.
Man, 22, taken to hospital but died shortly after, police said. Two arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in custody. Area cordoned off for forensic investigations and CCTV is being examined.
Holyrood's economy, fair work and jobs committee to hold inquiry. Men and women's median hourly earnings for full-time work in Scotland fell in 2016. Fewer women work in higher-paid sectors like technology, IT and engineering. Despite 51% of workers in finance and insurance being female, it
Margaret Slater, who has dementia, was taken to Queen's Medical Centre Nottingham. Her family said there appeared to be too many patients for the number of staff. In a statement the trust apologised and said there was a "surge" in patients.
Alleged fraudulent payments concern her and several other FN MEPs. Ms Le Pen says she is the victim of a politically motivated vendetta. She has refused to answer a summons over the affair in France.
Pay threshold will apply to people wanting to remain permanently after more than five years working in the UK. Those who don't qualify will be ordered to leave the UK after six years. Home Secretary Theresa May said the change would help cut the number of non-Europeans and their dependants granted settlement each
The yacht received a record score of 96%, the highest mark ever awarded to a visitor attraction in Scotland. VisitScotland's quality assurance scheme, is the official measure of quality for tourism businesses. Almost five million people from around the world have visited The Queen's former yacht since it opened to visitors in
Aslef said it had been told that unless drivers agreed to rosters they would automatically be imposed and no pay offer would be made this year. The Night Tube services will initially run on the Piccadilly, Victoria, Central, Jubilee and Northern lines.
Chapel Bay Fort and Museum at Angle will open on 3 April after years of restoration work. On display will be the biggest gun and shell in Wales; a 25-pounder gun howitzer, a 5.5 inch gun and a 10 inch, 18 ton muzzle loading gun.
North Wales Fire and Rescue Service received 30 calls after Sunday's deluge. In Wrexham, homes and streets were hit in Llay, Rossett and Gresford. Residents in at least four properties on Llay New Road are being rehoused.
The allegations relate to Mr Olmert's time as Jerusalem mayor in the 1990s. He has already been charged in three unrelated corruption cases. The former prime minister denies any wrongdoing.
Proposed deal would see all migrants travelling to Greece from Turkey sent back. In return the EU might offer Turkey incentives, including financial aid. The aim is to establish a joint position of all 28 member states before talks with the Turkish prime minister on Friday.
UK issues travel advisory on new laws in Mississippi and North Carolina. Both states allow businesses to refuse service to LGBT people. Human Rights Campaign says UK is 'frightening and embarrassing'
The League One side are hoping to construct a new stadium at Mill Hill in Medway. The Gills have been based at their current 11,582-seater Priestfield ground since 1893. Gillingham currently have an average home attendance of 5,000-6,000.
The body of the 36-year-old was found in a house in Glenfinnan Road. Two officers were seen at the property on Friday afternoon.
Luke Varney gave Ipswich the lead early in the second half. Scott Carson failed to keep out Varney's long-range effort. Derby move out of the bottom three by virtue of goal difference.
Researchers looked at physics behind releasing a projectile with the human arm. Their equations suggest a slow underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a nearby bin.
Oliver Hannon-Dalby, 28, and Matthew Lamb, 20, have signed extensions. The seamers will stay at the club until the end of the 2018 season. Thornton, 24, made his Bears debut in the One-Day Cup win over Northamptonshire.
Vote Leave says anyone can win £50 million by correctly predicting the result of Euro 2016 games. The odds of winning are only slightly better than the odds of guessing the mobile phone numbers of the next two strangers you see in the street.
Forecasters said showers accompanied by sub-zero temperatures would see ice form on many untreated roads. Some snow is expected even at low levels in northern Scotland.
Several first-team regulars, including captain David Gray, are out of contract this summer. Hibs secured the Championship on Saturday after beating Queen of the South. The Easter Road side will face Derek McInnes's Aberdeen in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Sepp Blatter suggested Jeffrey Webb could replace him as Fifa president. But Webb said: "No, definitely not. That is not my intention or my objectives at this time" Blatter was speaking off the cuff before a speech to mark the opening of a Concacaf sport summit.
New dads can find it hard to seek help, researchers say. Lee and Becky Plummer from Telford have spoken out about their experience.
Darts star Eric Bristow questioned why sex abuse victims did not "sort out" their abusers when they got older. More than 20 ex-footballers have made allegations of child sex abuse. Bristow suggested darts players were "tough guys" and footballers "wimps"
Tashan Corpe, 27, died in Sedgemoor Road, Bath, on Sunday. Police have charged Josh Farnham, 30, with murder. Rachel Smith, 42, has been charged with assisting an offender.
Director general Tony Hall laid out the plans at the Science Museum on Monday. He said the BBC will become an "open BBC for the internet age" He did warn, however, that funding cuts would mean it would "inevitably have to either close or reduce some services"
Home Depot's sales rose 9.5% to almost $21bn between November and January. The company has benefited from pent-up demand in the housing market. Fears of slowing global growth could dampen confidence this year.
Youngster made three first-team appearances for Dale in addition to loan spells at Chester and Droylsden. He follows former Forest Green striker Reece Styche among the Tynesiders forward imports this summer.
Eight of the accused, all senior managers, are charged with murder. An underground fire sent deadly carbon monoxide through the mine. It was modern Turkey's worst industrial accident.
Senior RAF commander says IS has been firing surface-to-air missiles at coalition planes. But so far no aircraft has been hit, Lieutenant General Mark Carleton-Smith said. Iraqi government and Kurdish Peshmerga forces intend to launch an offensive on IS in Mosul in the coming weeks.
The Australian Open champions sealed victory in 67 minutes. They went 4-0 up in the opening set and held firm to remain top of the rankings.
North Greenwich station was evacuated last Thursday during the alert. Damon Smith, from south east London, was remanded in custody until 17 November.
Another 10 police officers also charged in the case have already died. The policemen were found guilty of staging a pre-arranged extrajudicial killing known as a fake encounter. Encounters are partly a response to India's dysfunctional criminal justice system.
Sir Anthony Seldon says China's strict schooling style needs to change. He says Chinese schools, often criticised for rote and repetitive learning, should be more holistic. Comments come during Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to the UK.
Green paper aims to increase public trust in business in face of anti-globalisation and anti-business sentiment. It is one of a number of measures being considered by the government in its consultation on curbing corporate pay. Other proposals include improving the effectiveness of remuneration committees and votes on pay packages.
Ferguson Shipbuilder, Port Glasgow, went into administration last August. Entrepreneur Jim McColl, who took over the business, said it now employed 140 staff. He hopes for a near 10-fold increase in that number by 2020.
17-year-old's body was found on waste ground in Collyhurst. Her sister Pat Atkinson has made an emotional appeal for information. A reconstruction will show some of Dorothy's last known movements.
Megan Bannister, 16, was killed in a collision between a car and a motorbike. Two men, aged 27 and 28, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. Her family pay tribute to their "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister"
Deputy minister Barry Brehaut and deputies Elis Bebb, David Inglis and Arrun Wilkie have also resigned. Deputies voted to allow the department to overspend by £2.5m.
Chelsea appoint Guus Hiddink as their new manager until the end of the season. Dutchman replaces Jose Mourinho, who was sacked on Thursday. Mourinho was dismissed after a run of poor results, with the Blues 16th in the league. Hidink previously managed Chelsea between 2008-2009.
British pair lose in straight sets to Chan siblings. It is the Chan siblings' third trophy of the year. Broady and Watson reached the women's doubles third round at Wimbledon.
Australia went through the tournament unbeaten. Mal Meninga's side reclaimed the world number one ranking. Blake Ferguson, Josh Dugan and Trent Merrin all scored tries.
Sixty seasonal workers have had their contracts terminated early. Eight permanent staff have been made redundant at Surf Snowdonia. Lagoon suffered its third fault last week since it opened at the end of July. Bosses have apologised to customers.
Newsome Mills in Huddersfield was set alight by suspected arsonists on Thursday. The Grade II-listed mill has been mostly demolished but a Facebook group wants it restored to 'former glory' Councillor Andrew Cooper said: 'At the very minimum we need to keep it in the landscape'
Louise Richardson was speaking at a British Council conference in London. Her academic expertise is in terror and counter-terrorism. Last week she was nominated as the next head of Oxford University.
The New York Film Critics Circle awards are considered a bellwether for the Oscars. The Lego Movie won best animated film, while Ida was named best foreign film.
Council said Richard Ellis was leaving on Friday at the end of his contract. Ciaran Monaghan and Ewan Sutherland are both going under voluntary redundancy. Stephen Flynn, the leader of the opposition group, said the departures were indicative of the council's inability to hold on to senior staff.
New Zealander, 19, one shot behind joint leaders Brooke Henderson and Lee Mi-rim. Canada's Henderson hit a two-over 73, while South Korean Lee had a 69. Scotland's Catriona Matthew is three behind on one over par after a 67.
Joe Garner will join Nationwide in spring 2016 to replace current chief executive Graham Beale. He will leave Openreach, the fixed-line network provider, after almost two years in charge.
21-year-old spent last season on loan at Dumbarton. Waters has signed a two-year contract with Kilmarnock.
500 people have signed a petition against the move. Governors want it designated as a community site. If all goes to plan - the new three-to-19 campus will open in 2018.
Muzaffer Ali, 39, from Luton, denied importing prohibited weapons. St Alban's Crown Court heard the weapons were to be used for 'terrorising' Four other men were also jailed for their part in the gun smuggling.
New Horizons will scream past the dwarf world on 14 July at almost 14km/s. Its 23-second thruster burn will adjust its speed and arrival time. The spacecraft needs to take a very calculated path past Pluto and its moons.
Cipriani played 95 times for Wasps before leaving in 2010. The 28-year-old has played for Sale Sharks for the last four seasons. He has won 14 caps for England but did not play in the Six Nations.
French firm EDF, which is financing the £18bn Hinkley Point project in Somerset, approved the funding at a board meeting. But Business Secretary Greg Clark has said the government will "consider carefully" before backing it. EDF chief executive Vincent de Rivaz has cancelled a trip to Hinkley Point on Friday following Mr Clark
Jon Nolan's late goal earns Grimsby all three points. The result keeps Paul Hurst's side third in the League Two table. Aldershot boss Barry Smith says "lapses of concentration" cost his side.
There are more than 3,100 McDonald's outlets in Japan. They will only serve small portions of fries. More than 1,000 tonnes of potatoes have already been flown in from America.
Wales centre is currently studying part-time at Cambridge's Queens' College. He will join new club Harlequins after the Varsity at Twickenham. Former Munster and Ireland A lock Ian Nagle will also play for Cambridge.
The Sentencing Council is responsible for trying to ensure consistency in criminal sentencing across all courts in England and Wales. Its proposed guidelines for sexual offences aim to update the way the courts deal with 54 crimes. It says judges should take into account the tactics and technologies used by offenders, as well as the long-term
Powell spent last season on loan at Wigan, scoring 12 goals in 41 games. The 22-year-old has signed a two-year deal with the Latics.
Christian Kern replaced Werner Faymann who quit after losing support. SPO were trounced in the first round of presidential elections last month. The vote was won by the far-right party's candidate Norbert Hofer.
Jordan Spieth became the second youngest Masters winner in history. The 21-year-old had more birdies across his four rounds than any player here has ever made. Spieth's display rendered it instead a procession and then a numbered board.
HMRC warns those who haven't renewed tax credits could have payments stopped. Those who received notices in a white A4 envelope can renew online up until Sunday night. Separately, many people in the self-assessment system must pay a tax bill.
The 48-year-old has guided Northampton to promotion from League Two this season. Jimmy Phillips has been in charge of Bolton since Neil Lennon left in March.
Edinburgh ended seven-game winless run with 3-2 victory over Dundee Stars. The Caps then went down 6-0 on Tayside in Sunday's rematch. Fife Flyers picked up two excellent points on the road at Manchester Storm on Saturday. Braehead Clan started their weekend at in-form Nottingham Panthers.
More than 200 people lined the beach to welcome the ship's arrival. MSC Oscar is 396m long and has capacity of 19,224 standard containers. It will leave Felixstowe on Tuesday before heading to Rotterdam and China.
Glamorgan and Gloucestershire are battling for a draw in their County Championship clash. Nick Selman scored his second first-class century for Glamorgan. Gloucestershire struggled in turn as the bowlers remained on top all day.
Ministers say money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks will be spent on improving child health. But the Local Government Association says this money is being used to cover funding shortages. It says schemes to improve pupils' health cannot be seen as "nice-to-do but fundamentally non-essential"
Carmaker has also released the first images of the concept car upon which the new Defender will be based, the DC100. This is set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show.
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk has been linked with a move away. The 25-year-old has been ruled out for the remainder of the season. Van Dijk joined the Saints from Celtic for £13m in 2013.
Dutch firm said the 26.9bn euro (£22.8bn) offer undervalued Akzo. It has been urged to reject a merger by the Dutch government and its own workers. Some Akzo investors favour a deal, but others are against it.
Last season's treble winners had almost 50 attempts on goal. Aberdeen, Rangers and Spartans all netted five goals in disposing of Jeanfield Swifts, Hamilton and Stirling University. Hibernian won 1-0 away to Celtic and Glasgow Girls beat Hutchison Vale 3-1.
ICRC has had to halt deliveries to the Red Sea port of Hudaydah. It said this was partly because it had not received security guarantees. The port has also been targeted by warplanes from a Saudi-led coalition.
The cessation comes despite attempts to rescue the route in a £9m emergency deal, mostly from Stormont. Managing Director Graham Keddie said: "You could hardly get a worse example of process-driven madness" Alliance MLA Stewart Dickson said the decision by United Airlines to halt its Belfast to Newark route is a
Bafana Bafana are without a win in four games in Group M. They drew their latest games against Cameroon 2-2 and 0-0. South Africa are five points off leaders Cameroon with two games left.
Initiative aims to provide better information about Russia than is available on Wikipedia. 50,000 books and documents have been collected to portray Russia "objectively and accurately"
After finishing fifth in the four-man bobsleigh at Sochi 2014, Fearon forewent the winter sport funding to pursue his sprinting dreams. Two weeks after they persuaded him to give athletics one last fling, Fearon dropped a performance as jaw-dropping as anything seen a few weeks later at Rio 2016.
Celtic and Dundee are exploring the possibility of playing a game in the US. Kilmarnock striker Kris Boyd has played in the MLS with Portland Timbers. Boston and Philadelphia are possible host cities for the match.
Zaneta Krokova, 11, and Helina Kotlarova, 12, died after the crash. Four men remain in custody on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. A fifth man, aged 23, has been de-arrested, police said.
Gape has spent four months on loan at Adams Park. The 22-year-old made just one first-team appearance for the Saints.
Bailey Matthews given the Richard Whiteley award at a ceremony in Leeds. Bailey competed in the children's event at Castle Howard in North Yorkshire. Cricketer Joe Root received the Sporting Achievement award.
BBC World Service's The Inquiry hears from four expert witnesses. Max Boykoff founded the Media Climate Change Observatory a decade ago. Jennifer Morgan is the Global Director of the climate change programme at the World Resources Institute. Robert Gifford researches why even those who accept a link between human behaviour and climate change are
Ginola is being paid £250,000 by a betting firm, which denies the campaign is a publicity stunt. Ginola said: "We all know that the Fifa system isn't working"
Evans, 29, is a 10-time ladies' champion. Doherty, 45, won the tournament in 1997, but the world number 43 has not reached the third round since 2006.
England legends beat Hawk Green 1st XI in Twenty20 match. Michael Vaughan, Devon Malcolm and Neil Fairbrother all took wickets. Mal Loye top-scored with 117 for England Legends.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte has named his provisional 24-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. Several players with problems, including Charles Kaboré, Préjuce Nakoulma, Jonathan Pitroipa and Bertrand Traoré. Aziz Kabore, who plays for Valenciennes in France,
Andrew Pimlott, 32, was holding a lit match at his parents' home in Plymouth. He caught fire and died from his injuries five days later. The inquest heard two police officers went to the home of his parents after his father called 999. PC Peter Hodgkinson discharged the weapon while
GTR says offer, which includes £2,000 bonus, "cannot be available indefinitely" But RMT bosses say the union had already rejected the offer. A two-day strike is scheduled to begin on Friday.
Wildfires are still burning on Monday after devastating homes and apartment blocks over the weekend. Barbara McWilliams, a 72-year-old retired teacher, died after her home was engulfed in flames. The fires across northern California are being blamed on high temperatures and years of drought.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr. The Sandgrounders have lost their last three games in all competitions. Southport are only a point above the National League drop zone.
Sherri Papini, 34, was abducted while jogging near her California home. She was found with a bag over her head and chained to the waist and wrists. Her husband Keith said she had suffered "repeated beatings"
Reading Borough Council said it would need to spend £700,000 to reopen pool. Campaigners have now set up a community interest group in a bid to reopen it. Original 90ft (27m) pool opened on 29 November 1911 by Arthur Hill family.
See the rest of the week's top stories in our interactive quiz. If you get it right, you could be the next James Bond.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was airlifted to hospital but later died. Her daughter Olivia, eight, was also injured in the incident on The Kingsway. A coroner has called on Swansea council to address safety concerns.
Adam Hadwin parred in for a level-par 71 and Patrick Cantlay bogeyed the last to finish second. Open champion Henrik Stenson was the top-placed European. Graeme McDowell had five birdies in a 67 and was nine shots adrift.
The Greater Ardoyne Residents Collective (Garc) is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in the area. They are planning to stage a protest on Friday night. However, a community advert placed in the Irish News said the protest would not help ease tensions.
The oak will now compete with entries from 15 other countries to decide the 2016 European Tree of the Year. Wendy Kirk, from Glasgow Women's Library, said she was 'thrilled'
The 30-year-old became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years. Irvine also won a World Cup gold in Manchester in the same year. "Missing out on the Olympics is a big part of it and I fell out of love with cycling," he said.
Young won the last of his 30 England caps against Ukraine in September 2013. The 29-year-old has been used as a full-back and at wing-back this season. Roy Hodgson was at Old Trafford to watch one of United's best performances.
Kudankalum is on the coastline hit by the 2004 Asian tsunami. Last year, it was the scene of mass protests over safety concerns. The plant became operational during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Moscow.
Margaret Gleeson, 70, died two days after a hernia operation in October 2015. Coroner Simon Jones ruled out neglect and said she died due to a complication. But he said he wanted to highlight concerns raised during the hearing. Trust said it did not believe weekend staffing levels were to blame.
Munster sealed a dramatic late victory against the Ospreys. Dave Kilcoyne touched down to score the winning try. Ospreys coach Steve Tandy was frustrated with two incidents from the game.
Office for Nuclear Regulation warns safety at MoD site may not be safe. Devonport in Plymouth may need monitoring until 2020 unless improvements are made. Special measures, including monthly inspections, were predicted to last two years.
A 52-year-old woman died following the incident in Penilee Road on Friday. Police had earlier released an image of a man they wanted to speak to. A spokeswoman said he had been located in the Dumfries and Galloway area.
Thames Valley Police refused to give suspect's age or say where he was arrested. The boy has since been released on police bail until 2 December.
The 20-year-old striker was sent off by Mike Jones in Blues' 2-0 win on Saturday. But an FA Regulatory Commission upheld Blues' appeal for wrongful dismissal.
Police forced their way into the house in Ruislip, west London. Detectives do not believe a third party was involved in the deaths. A post-mortem examination is scheduled for Friday.
RCN survey found 82% of nursing staff said animals could help patients. But many nurses said animals were not allowed where they worked. Amanda Cheesley is putting together nationwide guidelines on animals in hospitals. She says she knows of examples where hospitals allowed dogs safely.
Beat estimates 80% of those affected by eating disorders in the UK have misused laxatives in order to lose weight. Teens are turning to stimulant laxatives believing they can quickly lose weight, with some children known to be taking dozens of pills on a daily basis, they say. Medical professionals warn that laxative abuse can
Liam Fox said he wanted a deal with the EU "at least as free" as the present arrangements. He also suggested he wanted Britain to take its seat as an independent member of the World Trade Organisation.
Two men have already been arrested and questioned on suspicion of theft and fraud offences. A man in his 30s is still being detained in Wexford. Another man arrested in Limerick on Monday has been released without charge. They were questioned about the use of documentation and Irish social security numbers in Rachid Redou
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for education to be de-linked. But two major teaching unions say they are opposed to the idea. NASUWT and NUT fear teachers in Wales will be paid less than in England. Bill returned to the House of Lords for debate on Monday.
A 17-year-old female passenger is in a critical but stable condition. Police Scotland has appealed for information from anyone who witnessed the crash.
Display in Block 27 places the former camp in the broader context of Nazi Germany's systematic attempt to wipe out Europe's Jewish population. It is being overseen by Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust institute. Earlier in Warsaw, Mr Netanyahu accused Iran, one of Israeli's strongest foes, of planning a new
Nine of Wales' 22 councils had taken part in the Syrian refugee settlement programme up to the end of June. UK ministers have pledged to settle 20,000 Syrians in the UK by 2020 under a scheme launched in October 2015. Oxfam Cymru welcomed the increase but said the resettlement process remained "painfully slow"
The events are aimed at a wide audience, says Ennis- Hill. "I've seen the benefits you have from being active and being healthy," she adds.
Car crash happened on Monday in Nord Troendelag county, 700km north of Oslo. Photographs show the concertinaed car surrounded by debris on the road next to the undamaged tank. Two military personnel inside the tank were unhurt.
Three gunmen were beaten and burnt to death after being overpowered. Boko Haram seems to be stating it has no respect for the way Islam is practised here. The people of Kano have been shocked and traumatised before by bombers and gunmen working in tandem.
The assets comprise properties, money from nearly 30 bank accounts and fine art belonging to Gioacchino Campolo. Authorities have described the seizure as the largest ever from a criminal in Italian history. Campolo came by his fortune by altering slot machines in countless bars and cafes.
Andreas Von Knorre and Elton Hinz pleaded guilty to entering a train depot and spraying graffiti on a train. Singapore has strict laws on vandalism, and has caned and jailed foreigners in the past for the offence.
Snowdonia's archaeology, ecology, peatland and Bronze Age cairns are 'under threat' Seven-year project will cover 81 sq miles which features Carnedd Llywelyn as its highest peak. Anglesey council awarded £117,200 to develop plans to improve Holy Island's heritage.
North Korea has carried out tests to develop a nuclear missile. The UN has banned it from missile or nuclear tests. But it has repeatedly broken those sanctions.
The SSE Arena in Belfast will host a Colin Shields All Star Select. The 37-year-old is Belfast's all-time leading goal scorer. Shields was selected 195th overall in the 2000 NHL draft by the Philadelphia Flyers.
Joe Robinson, 24, who lives in Leeds, was with his fiance Mira Rojkan and her mother when they were arrested. He is thought to be under suspicion of sharing material on social media from his time in Syria with Kurdish militia. Lawyer Kaya Sertkaya said: "We do not
St James' Gardens was a burial ground from 1790 until 1853. Church warden said it was "quite outrageous" they were going to "dig up our dead" HS2 Ltd said the work would be done with "dignity, respect and care"
No play on the first day of the County Championship match at Canterbury. Kent reach 389-7 at stumps after adding 108 runs for the third wicket. Stevens ends the day with 31st first-class ton for Kent.
Hassan Nasrallah said Syria's opposition was too weak to bring down regime. He was speaking in an address broadcast on Hezbollah's TV station al-Manar. Syrian opposition has long claimed the Iranian-backed Shia movement has been supplying fighters to help Mr Assad.
Mr Salmond resigned as SNP leader after losing the 2014 referendum. Independence supporters are holding a rally in Glasgow's George Square. A second rally is due to be held on Sunday. Scottish Conservatives have been holding street stalls across Scotland.
A fire crew remains at Plasgran in Manea Road, Wimblington. Road closures are expected to stay in place until midday. About 75 firefighters worked into the night to put out the fire.
The device was found in Avenham Park in Preston at about 15:00 GMT. Lancashire Police said the Army's bomb disposal unit had been called. People were urged to avoid the area and police cordons were put in place.
Dyfed-Powys Police said training would begin on Wednesday ahead of them being deployed. Cameras are always on but only record once the officer presses a button. The move follows a three-month trial in 2015 and any member of the public has right to request footage.
The comic will run more than 700 miles in temperatures of up to 30C. Izzard, 54, previously attempted a similar feat in South Africa in 2012. He also completed 43 marathons in 51 days across the UK in 2009.
Rangers have had three bids for Scott Allan rejected. Hibernian midfielder is a boyhood Rangers fan. Celtic have agreed a fee with Hibs for the 23-year-old.
The woman, named in floral tributes as Kelly, was arrested on suspicion of assault. She was taken to hospital where she later died, Lancashire Police said. The incident has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
The Irish were 17-0 down inside the opening 13 minutes in Cardiff. They went into the match without influential performers Paul O'Connell, Johnny Sexton, Peter O'Mahony, Sean O'Brien and Jared Payne.
Takayuki Tanooka, 44, and his wife briefly left Yamato by the side of the road as punishment. When they came back he was gone. A huge search was launched and the boy was found on Friday. Yamato was taken to hospital but was discharged on Tuesday.
Hugh Thomson, 67, from Lumsden, drank half a pint of beer and four whiskies. Police found that he was more than four times the legal drink drive limit. He has been given a community payback order as a direct alternative to jail. Thomson, who says he has a terminal illness,
Freemont (Denbigh) Ltd said it was disappointed with the decision. Denbighshire Council hopes to purchase the site and restore it.
Incident happened at Wadi Joz, an Arab area in occupied East Jerusalem. Police said the officer had shown "severe and unusual behaviour" The footage drew outrage from Israeli Arab politicians.
Manchester United have won six out of seven games since Michael Carrick returned from injury. The 33-year-old midfielder was named vice-captain on Friday. Ferguson said to "watch United go" once Carrick is fully fit.
Matching Models in London advertised for a personal assistant with "a classic look, brown long hair with b-c cup" Equality and Human Rights Commission called it "appalling, unlawful and demeaning to women" Women's equality campaigners said its ads were "straight out of the 1970s"
43% of people asked said they did believe in the resurrection. Fewer than 10% read the Bible and prayed regularly.
Tragedy in March 1916 happened at Pte John Bagnall's home at Moss Valley. Pte Bagnall was cleaning an unexploded German fuse shell. The shell had been "chucked around in the barracks and trenches" for six months. But the story came to the attention of historians as they
Marion Janner says her father was unaware of the allegations against him. Lord Janner was ruled unfit to stand trial because of dementia in December 2015. The Goddard inquiry is due to hold public hearings into the allegations.
Mr Trump called off a rally on Friday night in Chicago after clashes. The Republican who has won a string of primary contests has blamed the supporters of Democrat Bernie Sanders. On Sunday, he said his campaign is "not provoking" and "wants peace"
University of London's Institute of Education compared vocabulary test scores and reading habits of 9,400 British people born in 1970. Reading for pleasure boosted vocabulary throughout life, while highbrow fiction helped adults further.
The 28-year-old was out of contract at the Iron, who he captained in the play-off semi-final. He joined from Grays in 2010 and leaves following the departure of Iron manager Danny Cowley to Lincoln.
#DogsAtPollStations was a hit on Twitter this election day. #CatsAtPollingStations also proved a hit.
The meeting will be attended by police officers, lawyers and Scotland's Lord Advocate James Wolffe QC. Focus will be on how leaving the EU could affect law enforcement and criminal justice in Scotland. Will also look at possible implications for civil and family law, and commercial issues.
Powerful storm swept across the Pacific islands on Saturday. Eleven people are known to have died. Planes have taken food, water and medical supplies to one of the worst-hit islands. Charities say much more aid will be needed in the weeks to come.
The 28-year-old woman was found lying on a pavement late on Sunday. She underwent an emergency operation and was flown to a specialist clinic. Police say she had been dragged by the neck through several streets. Both the victim and the suspect are German citizens of Kurdish origin.
The Tykes went ahead inside the opening 10 minutes when Roberts converted a corner. Fletcher doubled the lead following another Hourihane set-piece. Barnsley are now seventh in the table, level on points with Coventry in sixth.
Bournemouth lost 2-1 at Sunderland on Saturday. It was the Cherries first defeat of the season in the Premier League. Eddie Howe's side have failed to score in their last two games.
Kanu Gandhi shot some 2,000 pictures of the greatest leader of the Indian Independence movement. For decades, his pictures remained in obscurity, surfacing with a German researcher. Now, 92 of those rare pictures of Gandhi during the last decade of his life have been published.
A 25-year-old man was detained following a CCTV appeal and will appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Friday. One woman was indecently assaulted and the other was assaulted.
Griffin Place Communications Limited, in Llantarnam, Cwbran, employed up to 140 people. Many staff claim they were sacked days before the company went into liquidation. Welsh government said it would be reviewing the situation.
Subhan Shafiq stepped down after describing man as being of "good current character" This helped the driver, Mr Shafiq's friend, to get a taxi driver's licence. Milton Keynes Council leader Peter Marland said he should examine his conscience over whether he could even continue as a councillor.
Dufner shot a second successive seven-under-par round of 65 for a tournament record 36-hole total of 14 under par. Rickie Fowler shot six under for the day to move third and within one stroke of fellow American Daniel Summerhays. Jordan Spieth was one shot off the lead after an
Mansfield District Council stopped people riding around the market place. It said "responsible" cyclists were welcome in the same place for Tour of Britain. Campaign group Cycling UK said Mansfield hosting the race was illogical.
Jaber al-Bakr gave elite commandos the slip, sparking a two-day manhunt. Police believe Mr Bakr was planning to bomb a Berlin airport. Politicians across the spectrum recommended them for the Federal Cross of Merit.
The study, by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), added that households actually grew richer during the financial crisis. But it said that the reason for the growth between 2006-12 was the increase in pension values over the period.
Popular Party (PP) is favourite to win, but only narrowly. In December the PSOE was runner-up to the PP.Speculation that PSOE and Podemos could form a ruling coalition. Podemos is now campaigning as Unidos Podemos, allied with the United Left party.
Liverpool triggered a release clause in Christian Benteke's contract to make the 24-year-old their seventh summer signing. Belgium international Benteke scored 49 goals in 101 games for Villa after signing from Genk for £7m in 2012. Liverpool struggled for goals last season following the £75m sale of Luis Suarez
Woman attacked by man at St Denys station in Southampton. Police said her attacker fled the scene in a vehicle. Arrest made and 18-year-old remains in custody.
Oil major BP is preparing for a low oil price for the foreseeable future. It says it is working towards a "financial frame" by 2017 that assumes a price of $60 a barrel. Low oil prices are not all bad news for integrated oil companies.
Hanson Academy sent home almost 10% of pupils on Tuesday. Parents took to the school's Facebook page to complain about the new measures. But the school claims it "communicated clearly" its expectations for this year.
The five-time world champion is from the remote northeast state of Manipur. Recently, thousands of north-eastern people fled the Indian cities of Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad fearing reprisal attacks.
Queensferry Crossing was originally hoped to open by December 2016. Project director David Climie told MSPs bad weather could still delay it. But he said that "everything that can safely be done is being done"
Welsh Government wants to remove legal defence for parents who smack. Campaigners said removing defence would leave "ordinary parents facing jail" Welsh Labour Government said it would make law "life better for parents and children"
Local Communist Party Secretary Lin Zuluan is seen as a hero to the villagers. He's now in custody but people here want him released. Villagers think these are trumped up charges to shut down an effective campaigner.
James Comey's letter breathed new life into the Trump campaign. This election day blog is not about the FBI - more a way of highlighting how at every turn there have been incidents that just boggle, confuse and occasionally fry the brain. Who knows whether Donald Trump will win or lose - there's
Ebac in Newton Aycliffe expects to make up to 300,000 washing machines a year once it is fully operational. The production line is being officially opened by the Duke of Kent later.
President Obama said Libya operation went as well as he had hoped. But he said the country was now "a mess" and criticised Nicolas Sarkozy. He also warned the PM the UK would have to pay its "fair share" in defence spending. In response, Number 10 said there were "many difficult
Martin McCauley was seriously wounded and a teenager was killed when police opened fire on a hayshed in County Armagh in 1982. It later emerged that the security services had secretly recorded what happened. The 52-year-old, from Lurgan, County Armagh, was arrested along with Niall Connolly and James Monaghan in Colombia
Pae Jun-ho, known in the US as Kenneth Bae, was detained last year. North Korea has arrested several US citizens in recent years. Mr Bae, 44, was arrested in November as he entered Rason, a special economic zone.
21-year-old spent second half of last season on loan at Queen of the South. Thomas started just four games for Motherwell, with a further 33 appearances from the substitutes' bench.
Leigh's victory means Widnes Vikings finish bottom of the Super League. Atelea Vea crossed soon after to extend their advantage. Gregg McNally put Leigh in front early on before Samisoni Langi touched down just before half-time. Josh Drinkwater scored a drop-goal in the
Winstone, who will play the EastEnders and Carry On actress in her 20s, said: "I... am so excited to step into her national treasure shoes!" The biopic will also feature two child actors as the younger Dame Barbara.
Sergeant Seydou Koné said they did not want to negotiate with anyone. The unrest began after a spokesman for the soldiers announced they had dropped their pay demands. In January, they forced the government into paying them about $8,000 (£6,200) each in bonuses to end a rebellion.
New York's governor vetoed a bill to end the state's sales tax on tampons. He cited fiscal concerns over his decision to block the bipartisan bill. Just 13 of the 50 US states have no tax on feminine hygiene products. In 2016 alone, 15 states introduced legislation or proposed debate to
Chancellor says recent upbeat data have "decisively ended" questions about his economic policy. He pledges to remain "vigilant" to threats from abroad - including growing instability in the Middle East.
PM once accused Conservatives of being out of touch for 'banging on about Europe' But how on earth did he get himself into a position where he's already been "banging" on Europe. As the years have passed, his party has changed, says Sam Greenhill.
Party pledges to save 10,000 lives between 2016 and 2026. Includes earlier diagnosis of disease and better access to life-saving treatments. Wants to reform student finance so that Welsh students who work in Wales after graduation will receive £6,000 a year.
Sheffield City Council said developing the Bannerdale site posed no risk to health. Campaigners have raised concerns over possible health risks and increased traffic if the build goes ahead.
Prices driven down after Russian import ban led to oversupply of meat in Europe. Farming leaders plan to meet retailers to discuss promotion of Scottish pork. Midlothian pig farmer said dramatic price drop could lead to some producers going out of business.
Finding quality items with individual personality can be tricky. US firm CustomMade.com connects 12,000 makers with 100,000 buyers. It says it connects people who want to get something that is not yet made, made.
The gang targeted three major rail improvement projects being delivered by Network Rail. They stripped the cabling and sold the copper inside. The total cost to Network Rail was in excess of £1m.
Singer ordered to pay $80,900 in damages, serve five days of community service. Bieber, 20, was not present in court for the sentencing. He faces two other criminal cases in Florida and Toronto.
After decades of struggle for a more equal society, it is now presumed that every disabled child will attend a mainstream school where possible. However, what does real inclusion mean in practice and is the system a success? Or are disabled children drifting to the back of the class?
Keiron Cunningham will work alongside head coach Neil Jukes at Leigh. Owner Derek Beaumont has relinquished the head of rugby position. Leigh have won one and lost one of their two fixtures in the Qualifiers.
British songwriter Rod Temperton has died at the age of 66. His hits included Off The Wall and Baby Be Mine for Michael Jackson. Nile Rodgers tweeted: "Your genius gave us a funkier world!" Temperton was nicknamed The Invisible Man because of his low profile.
Taylor could still feature in the one-day and Twenty20 series against Pakistan. The wicketkeeper-batter has scored 5,581 international runs in 190 appearances. Last week, England captain Charlotte Edwards announced her retirement.
Cardiff top scorer Kenneth Zohore scores winner with three minutes left. The Dane had seen an early effort ruled out for off-side and then found Burton keeper Stephen Bywater in fine form. Burton could have led in the first half when Marvin Sordell's goal-bound shot was blocked.
Jacqueline Carol Lloyd, 46, died after being struck by a bus in Southport. Derek Bebbington, 57, of Moss Nook, Burscough, denied the charge. He will appear at Liverpool Crown Court on 10 June.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher, 60, suffered a heart attack on a flight. She was taken to hospital when the plane landed in Los Angeles. Her co-star Harrison Ford said he was'shocked and saddened' by the news.
The cameras will go live on the northbound and southbound carriages of the M74 from Monday. Similar measures will follow later on the M8, A8 and M73. It is hoped they will help safeguard driver and worker safety.
South Africa were earlier bowled out for 226 and will begin day four 360 runs behind. England, 2-1 up, are chasing their first home series win against South Africa since 1998. Media playback is not supported on this device.
Amputee football has been going for many years south of the border. Now a charity is trying to form a Scotland-wide league. Brian Murray lost his leg to cancer at the age of 10. He describes the sport now being in Scotland as "brilliant"
Corporal William Savage, 30, Fusilier Samuel Flint, 21, and Private Robert Hetherington, 25, died in the blast. They were killed on Route 611 in the Nahr-e-Saraj district on 30 April 2013. The soldiers, who were in an armoured Mastiff vehicle, were unlawfully killed
The two sides have been without a binding deal since the previous one expired in June. Jones hopes the players can now concentrate on the new season. Ospreys begin their season on Friday, 5 September at home to Treviso in the Guinness Pro12.
Nearly 40% of gardeners get their plants, bulbs and seeds from supermarkets. The UK garden market is worth around £5bn, according to the HTA.
Young woman and her diving buddy were exploring the sunken cargo ship near Lochaline. She was rescued at 11:16 by Oban's RNLI lifeboat, whose crew included a doctor with experience of working with divers in similar situations.
Reeva Steenkamp died before ambulance arrived, athlete tells court. He said he tried to help her breathe and stem the bleeding from her hip. Mr Pistorius says he mistook her for an intruder in the toilet. The 27-year-old Olympic and Paralympic sprinter faces life imprisonment if convicted.
At least six travel agencies are accused of violating competition rules. They are suspected of colluding on prices before responding to an education ministry tender to take students to Holocaust memorials. Reports say the alleged collusion was aimed at artificially inflating prices.
Oldham went in front in the fifth minute when Marc Klok delivered a free-kick from the right to the far post. Bradford dominated the rest of the opening period as the visitors' defence survived a series of narrow escapes. Oldham held their lead until half-time, but Bradford deservedly equalised after 57 minutes
The 33-year-old was a free agent after leaving Galatasaray at the end of last season. The former Ajax, Real Madrid and Inter Milan has signed a one-year deal.
Ricky Miller opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 26th minute. James Alabi equalised for Chester with a back post volley on the half-hour mark. Miller raced clear of the visitors' backline and finished his 29th goal of the season after 49 minutes. Joe Healy completed the scoring
The Save Our Falmouth Group organised the event in response to the latest planning applications for large scale student accommodation. Protestors say the demand for housing is already high and any more students will have a detrimental effect on the town.
From 20 March, speed restrictions and speed cameras will be introduced. The upgrade work will see the six-mile "missing link" completed on the M8. Improvements to the Raith Interchange and widening of key sections of M8, M73 and M74 are also taking place.
North Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Arfon Jones said a so-called "fix room" could reduce drug deaths and the spread of infection. He said the proposed plan came in response to Rhosddu residents' concerns over dumped hypodermic needles.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said Scottish voters would never forgive Labour if it allowed the Conservatives back. The Tories said Mr Miliband's claim "changes nothing" Lib Dems have claimed the SNP views the election as a stepping stone to another independence vote.
A National Records of Scotland report said the Dumfries and Galloway village remained a "popular venue" There were 3,511 marriages registered in 2015 compared with 3,499 in 2014. However, last year's total is more than a third down on the record total for Gretna.
Rebecca Minnock and son Ethan disappeared on 27 May, the day a court ruled he should live with his father. Det Ch Insp Marie Wright told her: "You don't have to carry on hiding. There's always a solution" In a video posted on Avon and Somerset Police's Facebook
It follows a long dispute over the future of education in the town. Plans for a new Welsh medium school in Haverfordwest are continuing.
Jenny went to a children's hospital in Sheffield to speak to a doctor and find out. She also meets Lilly and Jake, who have come to hospital needing treatment.
Erfan Ali was attacked by his neighbour's Rhodesian Ridgeback in 2011. The dog jumped through a broken wooden fence and mauled the boy. Kevin Large was jailed in 2012 after he admitted failing to control the animal. Now Erfan's family has won a payout after launching civil
The 18-year-old was climbing on the 15ft (4.5m) statue when he fell. He suffered serious neck and back injuries and died in hospital.
In the last month, prices went up by 1.7%, said the Halifax, bringing the average price of a home to £208,286. However, other lenders, such as the Nationwide measure, put the rate of increase much lower. Last time UK house prices rose so quickly was in 2006, when values
Arthur Cory, 49, said the flag had been kept in a cupboard at Penllyn Castle. The flag is one of only three surviving from the battle. It is said to have flown above Nelson's warship HMS Leviathan.
Ahmad Zeidan, 20, claimed he was tortured into signing a confession. He denied the drugs belonged to him and said the confession document was in Arabic, which he did not understand.
Tapes had been held under lock and key at the Royal Courts of Justice. European Court of Human Rights refused to grant an interim prohibition. Detectives want to access the recordings as part of investigations.
Artykov finished third in the men's -69kg weightlifting competition. The 22-year-old tested positive for strychnine and has been excluded from the Games.
Odion Ighalo put the hosts in front from close range. But Matej Vydra restored the Hornets' lead from the spot after he was brought down by Kelvin Wilson. Michael Mancienne seemed to be fortunate to get just a booking for bringing down Vydra when he was through on goal.
Carwyn Jones said Wales had a "proud tradition of being a friendly and hospitable nation" He said the message of peace and hope was particularly poignant this year. About 50 refugees from Syria have been re-settled in Wales.
The PGA Tour has a doping policy but it is not as strict as Wada standards. International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach is urging the tour to adhere to Wada rules. Golf is returning to the Olympics for the first time since 1904 next summer.
Facebook profile pretending to be you is sending offensive messages. Devon and Cornwall Police's Hi-Tech Crime Unit say fake accounts are on the rise. You can protect your profile by making it completely private. But if a couple of your friends have Public accounts then a potential troll could still access your photos
CCTV footage shows heavily armed police setting off flash grenades. Man Monis died after he was shot multiple times, but that is not shown in the footage. A hostage, Katrina Dawson, was also killed in the raid by a ricocheting police bullet.
MoD expects to receive just under £3m from the sales agreed earlier this month. HMS Cornwall has been sold to Swansea Drydocks. The other three have been bought by Turkish firm Leyal.
The 29-year-old forward has signed a "long-term contract" with Salford. McCarthy has previously played in Super League with Hull KR and Warrington.
The man fell from a cherry picker at Fruehauf in Lincoln on Thursday. Lincolnshire Police said it was carrying out a joint inquiry with the Health and Safety Executive.
Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical weapons inspectors have visited 19 of 23 sites. They are also due to complete visiting the last four of 23 declared by Syria. OPCW's mission was set up following outrage at a chemical weapons attack near the Syrian capital in August.
Major trial shows drugs can bypass genetic errors that cause disease. Cystic Fibrosis Trust says it could "improve the lives of many" One in every 2,500 babies in the UK has cystic fibrosis.
Scarthin Books, in Cromford, Derbyshire, has been open for 41 years. It was used as a set for the film When Did You Last See Your Father. But cracks have appeared on the walls and the staircases are bowing. A crowd funding appeal has raised more than £5,000 in three days
Some dairy farmers have said they face going out of business if prices do not rise. They are currently paid about 19p a litre for milk, well below the cost of production. Asda has said it will increase the price it pays to Dale Farm, its Northern Ireland supplier, from Monday.
Peers defy government by backing calls to set up a joint parliamentary committee. Lord Lawson and Lord Forsyth were among Conservative peers to rebel. Ministers have had to redraft plans to give English MPs an effective veto.
Shaun Moth posted the comments as a police search was underway for the boy. Rosdeep Adekoya, 34, was jailed for 11 years in August for her son's death. Moth pleaded guilty to conducting himself in a disorderly manner.
Cypriot president says refusing bailout would have led to collapse of banks. Speaker of European Parliament calls for levy to be revised. People with less than 100,000 euros in their accounts would pay a one-time tax of 6.75%. Those with sums over that threshold would pay 9.9% in tax.
St Kilda's last 36 residents left the islands in the 1930s. Dry conditions made negotiating droppings on Stac Lee easier.
The camera was installed in 2012, but only went into fully commissioned operation earlier this year. It has now notched up a staggering 13,624 penalty notices for speeding. A further 146 drivers were caught for red-light offences.
Salman Ramadan Abedi, 22, detonated a homemade device in Manchester Arena. The five-minute hearing was adjourned until 1 December, pending police investigation. No members of Abedi's family were present at Manchester Town Hall. A full inquest will be heard once the police investigation is completed.
FP McCann failed to land the deal to design and build the A8 between Belfast and Larne. That was despite it submitting the lowest bid. Justice Colton said there had been a clear breach of duty by the defendant.
Ymysg y cynlluniau, fydd yn costio tua £500m, mae adeiladu arena ddigidol a chanolfan gynhadledd i'r de o'r ffordd.
Ian Paterson, 59, was found guilty of 17 counts of wounding with intent. He appeared at the Court of Appeal via video link from prison. Lady Justice Hallett said his victims had been 'left feeling violated and vulnerable'
Unnamed pair brought test case to the High Court, claiming the delay was unlawful. PIPs started replacing disability allowance in April 2013. The High Court is now conducting a judicial review into the payment system.
Labour's Jeremy Corbyn said there was a "disconnect" between the government's rhetoric and its actions. SNP's Angus Robertson said 10 times more officials were investigating welfare fraud than tax evasion. The PM said the figure sounded "bogus" and HMRC staff numbers were going up.
Shots fired in Friedrich-Stoltze Square, a busy area of bars and cafes. Police said that someone opened fire from a passing car. Witnesses spoke of up to a dozen shots being fired close to the main police station.
The employers offered no rise for last year and a rise of 1% for 2016-17. The unions say salaries for teachers in NI are falling behind their counterparts in England and Wales. Peter Weir said the rejection of the offer was "disappointing"
From September, three and four-year-olds in England will be entitled to 30 free hours of care a week in term time. But a Pre-school Learning Alliance poll suggests many will struggle to offer it. Ministers say affordable childcare is at the heart of their agenda.
Flamingos employ no active muscular effort when they're unipedal. A passive mechanism is engaged in the one-legged position. Other teams have proposed that this behaviour helps regulate body temperature.
A pedestrian died following an incident involving a green car in the Diamond area. Police said an 18-year-old woman had been arrested.
RMT's 10,000 members will start voting on the deal on 11 February. The agreement includes a 2% pay rise in year one, RPI inflation or 1% in years two and three. Night Tube service will take place on Jubilee, Victoria, Central, Northern and Piccadilly lines.
The five-day challenge is in aid of the Missing People charity. It will pass through Newcastle, York, Nottingham and Northampton. Mrs McCann is an ambassador for Missing People.
Ece Heper, 50, was arrested on 30 December in the north-eastern town of Kars. Friends say she has 'health issues' and fear it could be a month before trial. Turkey's penal code states anybody who insults the president can face up to four years in prison.
Coastguard search on foot of waterfront area close to bridge. RNLI spokesman: "Following an extensive search of the area no one was found"
Rushden Lakes development will now boast eight restaurants. Original plans had catered for a 1,300-space car park. Marks & Spencer is expected to be the anchor store.
The court ruled that the assembly was in contempt and said it would exercise congressional functions. The charge stems from alleged electoral irregularities by three opposition lawmakers. Brazil's foreign ministry said the court's decision violated the country's separation of powers.
Councils in England are being allowed to raise the tax by 6% over two years. But Wales' Social Services Minister Rebecca Evans said increasing the tax was not "fair" and "not an approach we're taking" Leading experts say the cost of providing care could double to £2.3bn by 2030
The victim was attacked in a park in Blackbird Leys on Wednesday. He remains in hospital with serious injuries to his arms.
Edinburgh Airport said more than 781,000 passengers passed through its doors last month. Glasgow saw its traffic rise by 8.4% to nearly 600,000. Aberdeen International Airport reported its lowest decline in passenger numbers for almost two years.
David Lipton, second in command at the IMF, outlined some of these risks in a speech on Tuesday. The IMF has already said it is likely it will downgrade its current forecast of 3.4% for global growth.
In Europe's corridors of power there is the sound and sight of officials pointing fingers. Cyprus's banks will remain closed at least until Thursday while they try and unravel this. The Cypriot parliament may delay again today voting on a bailout deal.
Theo Bronkhorst and Honest Ndlovu were charged with poaching offences. They were granted bail of $1,000 each and ordered to appear again on 5 August. Walter Palmer has left Zimbabwe but could also face charges. The dentist has a felony record in the US after killing a black bear in 2006
Video from the day shows a tense exchange between the servicemen and people attending the ceremony. One claims they are members of an alt-right group called "Proud Boys" Among the values they cite are minimal government, anti-political correctness and closed borders.
Chris Matheson becomes MP for the constituency, with Conservative Stephen Mosley losing out by just 93 votes. Outside the Chester city walls, the Conservatives held all their Cheshire seats.
Suweida, home to Syria's Druze minority, has been largely free of violence. Wednesday's blast went off outside the headquarters of the Air Force Intelligence. UN-Arab League envoy Lakhdar Brahimi had hoped to hold conference in Geneva.
The incident happened after the vehicle left the A68 in Jedburgh. Police said a "small number of passengers" had been left shaken. Investigations are continuing to determine what caused the bus to leave the road.
Matthew Cherrington, 32, murdered 26-year-old sex worker Lidia Pascale. Her body was discovered more than two weeks later in Hope Street, West Bromwich. Cherrington must serve a minimum of 19 years, Birmingham Crown Court was told.
Scotland's emissions in 2015 were 41% below the levels for 1990. Last year saw a record reduction of 45.8% which met the annual target. It also exceeded a medium-term aim to reduce emissions by 2020.
Exhibition brings together all the crucial texts which have informed our perception of Arthur for more than a millennium. curator Dr Maredudd ap Huw said these unknowns lie at the heart of King Arthur's enduring appeal.
Action Alliance says it shows HS2 is being 'less than honest' with public. It says engineering work will mean 133 weekend closures. HS2 said any closures would be carefully planned.
Thomas Hunter, 59, admitted causing the eight-vehicle crash in Oxford. Isla Wiggin, of Fleet, Hampshire, died two days later. Her mother Collette's unborn son also died in the crash. Mrs Wiggin said Hunter had "completely ruined" her family's lives.
Newcastle United owner failed to appear before business select committee. Row follows a BBC investigation into the work practises at the company's warehouse. Mr Ashley accused MPs of "abusing parliamentary procedures"
Stephen Archer, 50, arrested after off-duty officer spotted him getting off train. Victim, 49, airlifted to hospital with 70% burns after attack on Monday. Detectives believe she was covered in petrol before being set alight.
Hackney Council providing office space in the canopy of a tree in Hoxton Square from June. Up to eight people will be able to hold meetings or work on laptops in the structure, which will be built around the tree. Community groups can book the space free of charge at weekends.
Malcolm Turnbull said the titles were "not appropriate" in modern Australia. Queen Elizabeth has accepted the cabinet's recommendation to drop them. Former PM Tony Abbott reintroduced knighthoods and damehoods in 2014. His controversial decision to grant Prince Philip a knighthood in January was seen as one of the
New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 in Super Bowl XLIX. Tom Brady named most valuable player after setting two new Super Bowl records. Katy Perry's half-time show criticised by some former players.
Welsh actor Spencer Wilding was cast as the body actor for the role. He had to muster all powers of the force to keep his Vader role secret. The 44-year-old said it proved a tricky task after rumours of the role leaked.
The 20-year-old spent a month on loan with Leeds in 2014-15. Benedicic has also played for Serie B side Como and featured nine times for Ascoli.
Pontio at Bangor University was due to open in September. A worker claims building mistakes and extensive water damage are responsible for delays. The Arts Council for Wales is currently withholding the final £1m of capital funds it has promised the project.
The Malheur National Wildlife Refuge was established by Roosevelt in 1908. The men here insist the federal government has overreached its authority. Critics of this occupation are putting pressure on the federal authorities to enforce the law.
Rosie's Helping Hands has raised £350,000 for young people in Aldridge. But her parents say it is time for the charity to wind down. The last annual Rosie’s Walk takes place on Sunday at Aldridge Airfield.
Man's bike was in collision with a car in the village at around noon on Sunday. The car driver is assisting officers with their inquiries.
Protestors accused him of taking sides with Sinn Fin and the Orange Order. Fr Donegan has ministered in the Ardoyne area for the last 15 years.
AB InBev on Wednesday raised its offer for SAB to £42.15 a share, having previously bid £38 and £40. SABMiller closed up 2.4% at £37.08, having risen sharply since last month. If a deal does go through, the merged company would produce one-third of the
The 14m-long mammal was spotted with a companion during his venture north. Migaloo's journey up Australia's east coast has attracted large numbers of whale enthusiasts.
Scottish government says UK government's spending review places "unprecedented pressure" John Swinney is due to present his 2016-17 spending plans on Wednesday. UK government says Scottish ministers will have £390m more in spending next year.
Leaks provided by IT expert Peter Bo Henriksen to the Se og Hor magazine. They enabled it to report a series of royal family and celebrity stories. The case has attracted huge public interest in Denmark.
Andrew was not punished for the incident during the game on 29 October. He was later cited after a Football Association video review. The 29-year-old's initial 12-match ban is one of the longest in English football.
James Taylor retired with a heart condition in April 2016 after seven England Tests and 27 one-day games. Taylor has since worked with Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire's academies. Former Northants captain David Sales will work with the county's batsmen.
Valencia sacked coach Pako Ayestaran earlier this week after four straight league defeats left them bottom of La Liga. Nani was one of several summer arrivals at Valencia when he joined from Fenerbahce in July. The 29-year-old said the players will work hard to turn things around.
Hart is yet to make an appearance for Manchester City this season. The England goalkeeper has been told he can leave the club if he wishes. Everton are keen on signing Hart, who is not attracted by the prospect of joining Sevilla and Borussia Dortmund.
Port Vale took a deserved lead when AJ Leitch-Smith converted Byron Moore's cross. Jamal Campbell-Ryce equalised just after half-time with a drilled finish. Sam Hird headed the hosts in front before Gboly Ariyibi turned in a corner. JJ Hooper's curling
In dollar terms, imports dropped 20.4% from a year earlier to $145.2bn. Drop due to lower commodity prices and weaker domestic demand. China recently revised down its growth rate for 2014 from 7.4% to 7.3%.
Rhodri Colwyn Philipps wrote the message four days after Ms Miller won a legal challenge against the government. Chief magistrate Emma Arbuthnot said she had "no doubt it was menacing" Philipps, who called his comments "satire", faces a custodial sentence.
Death toll up 3% in the 12 months to September, provisional figures show. Separate DfT figures suggest about 240 deaths in 2014 involved drivers over the legal alcohol limit. AA president Edmund King said the death toll was the 'equivalent of three plane crashes'
More than 60% of Scottish firms believe leaving the EU will have a negative impact. However, the Fraser of Allander Institute said there was little evidence of companies cancelling investment or recruitment plans outright.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young are back in training after respective ankle and groin injuries. Chelsea head coach Antonio Conte has a full-strength squad. Cesc Fabregas and Willian are the most likely of any players to earn a recall.
Francois Fillon says his project is "more radical" and promises sweeping changes. Alain Juppe insists his proposals are "deep and credible" It was the final Republicans party debate before Sunday's concluding vote.
Team from Imperial College London, King's College London and Oxford University say the findings show the value of early paternal involvement. They said the signs could be seen from as early as three months. Previous studies had found that men tended to have a'more stimulating, vigorous' style.
Coalition introduced the meals a year ago for all pupils in the first three years of school in England. Chancellor George Osborne demanded cuts of between 25% and 40% from unprotected budgets. The Department for Education has indicated that free school meals will be protected in the spending review.
The move is one of several options being considered by Pembrokeshire council. A report outlined challenges faced by the council's waste service. It said £1.2m needed to be saved over the next four years.
Robert Farmer killed 18 cats and wounded three in San Jose in 2015. One of the cats showed signs of being sexually abused, experts said. Farmer was found sleeping in his car with a dead cat in the centre console.
National League club Forest Green Rovers stopped selling meat burgers in 2011. In July took fish off the menu to become fully vegetarian. Move is inspired by the club's chairman, who is himself a vegan.
Van Zanten made 18 appearances for St Mirren last season. The 32-year-old made 330 appearances over two spells with the club.
Novak Djokovic beats Tomas Berdych to reach French Open semi-finals. World No 1 Serena Williams battles past Yulia Putintseva in three sets. Andy Murray plays Stan Wawrinka in the other men's semi-final.
Holyrood's finance committee formally backs Derek Mackay's plan. Households in bands E and H would pay £2 and £10 more a week respectively. Members reject an amendment from Green MSP Andy Wightman.
Dieumerci Mbokani is doubtful due to illness, but Abel Hernandez could return after a hamstring injury. Burnley winger Johann Berg Gudmundsson is out after tweaking a medial knee ligament.
Manchester City have had two bids for Jonny Evans turned down. West Brom have also rejected a £10m bid from Leicester for the defender. Evans has two years left on his deal at the Hawthorns.
Harold Jellicoe Percival served as ground crew on Dambusters raids. He died last month aged 99 and never married or had children. The funeral home put an advert in a newspaper appealing for people to attend.
Britain's women's 4x400m team also won silver. Team GB finished with six medals at the European Championships. Andrew Osagie won bronze in the 800m after Poland's Marcin Lewandowski was disqualified.
Jamie Robinson saw three members of train staff run through his coach. They used their key to open a service door and locked themselves away. Mr Robinson says there were 20 to 30 passengers, including Jean-Hugues Anglade and his family. The drama unfolded on board a high-speed train travelling from
Speed had been brought to San Diego Zoo in 1933. Keepers used acupuncture and hydrotherapy to treat his arthritis. Thirteen Galapagos tortoises remain at the zoo.
The players will ride an open-topped bus down a stretch of Broadway. It's a rare honour for athletes that do not come from New York. The game was the most-watched football match in US history.
Eoghan and Ruair­ Chada were buried in the adjoining cemetery. Father Declan Foley said their deaths were "beyond comprehension" The boys' father, Sanjeev, was charged with their murders on Thursday.
Csongor Sandor, 30, was arrested in June after police, acting on information, found a photo of the attack on his phone. Other images of children were also found stored on the device. At Luton Crown Court he admitted sexually assaulting a child under 13. Sandor also admitted three counts of
Brake manufacturer Meritor owns the site in Cwmbran where facilities could be built. Joint plans from Coleg Gwent and Torfaen council will now be put to the Welsh government for approval.
The aerial images are stamped "Secret Command Document" The photographs were sold in Nottingham for £2,100. They also carry a warning forbidding them to be copied.
For butcher Greg Foston has replaced traditional hens' eggs with Cadbury's Creme Eggs. He has wrapped the Easter treats with sweet chilli pork meat which, he claims, compliments the chocolate "perfectly"
Saido Berahino scored his first goal since joining West Brom. The 22-year-old had been linked with a move to Tottenham. Baggies boss Tony Pulis says the transfer saga is over.
Russian conductor Valery Gergiev conducted a concert in the ruins of Syria's Palmyra. The Mariinsky Symphony Orchestra played pieces by Bach, Prokofiev and Shchedrin. Syrian forces, backed by Russian air strikes, retook the ancient site last year.
Live broadcast of John Adams' The Death of Klinghoffer was scheduled for 15 November. Met's General Manager, Peter Gelb, said he was 'convinced that the opera is not anti-Semitic' The opera portrays the hijacking of the Achille Lauro cruise ship by the Palestine Liberation Front
Killie moved eight points clear of bottom side Dundee United with a 3-0 win over St Johnstone. The target is to make ground on Hamilton who are four points better off. "Rangers are coming up and, if Hibs manage it too, then the league gets it's wow factor back"
Prof Jacquie McGlade said the UK was shifting away from clean energy. She said the cuts in renewables subsidies, coupled with tax breaks for oil and gas, sent a worrying signal to the coming UN climate summit in Paris. The UK government says it will meet its targets on carbon emissions in the most cost
Todai robot outperformed 80% of high-school pupils and was in the top 1% for maths. Japanese professor says results were 'alarming' at the Ted conference. She was investigating the reading and writing skills of high school students.
Syrian state media said the crash was caused by a technical fault. Jaysh al-Islam posted footage online it claimed showed the pilot being held after ejecting from the jet. The man gave his name as Nawras Hassan, as well as his date of birth and hometown.
Toulon coach Diego Dominguez's job is under threat, according to reports in France. Former England coach Stuart Lancaster is viewed as a potential successor. Lancaster left his role with England after their World Cup exit in 2015.
Steve Whitmire has supplied Kermit's nasal tones since 1990. US reports said he was going to be replaced by Matt Vogel. No reason has been given for Whitmire's exit from the Muppets.
Ryan Watson was taken to Wishaw General but later died. Police have appealed to people in the local community for information.
Transocean Winner was being towed from Norway to Malta when it was hit by storms. The rig became detached from the tug boat overnight, before running aground. Stornoway Coastguard said there were no personnel on board the rig. Coastguard personnel have blocked access to the beach for health and safety reasons
Jack Lloyd Kay, 20, was driving a Peugeot when it overturned near Hitchin. Jack Mudd, 19, who planned to go to a US university, died in the crash. Kay pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving while over the alcohol limit. He was also banned from driving for two years and will
Widnes Vikings lie eighth after their poor run of form. The Vikings have only won one of their last seven games. Widnes face Salford at Magic Weekend on Saturday.
Aston Villa manager Paul Black has revealed Christian Benteke refused to play against Bournemouth. Benteke is now training with the club's under-21s. Villa were relegated from the Premier League last weekend.
Police said that shortly after 05:00 BST on Sunday they received reports that six windows had been smashed at the property in the Meadow Park area. Entry had been gained with damage caused to the interior doors. At 07:00 BST police received reports the property had been set alight causing extensive damage downstairs and smoke damage to the
Labour would bring back the 50p tax on incomes above £150,000. It would also introduce a "mansion tax" on homes worth over £2m. But Plaid Cymru will challenge Labour politicians to drop "commitment to Tory cuts" Conservatives say housing association tenants should gain right to buy in Wales.
The swan was shot through the wing with an arrow which narrowly missed vital organs. It underwent emergency surgery and was on antibiotics and painkillers. After a week outside and once the weather conditions were suitable, she was released.
Bodies will also be responsible for the registration and regulation of youth support workers and work-based learning practitioners.
Okaz said 55 people were awaiting execution for 'terrorist crimes', al-Riyadh said 52 would die soon. They are thought to include Shia who took part in anti-government protests. Amnesty said that given the spike in executions this year, it had no option but to take the reports very
Morgan-Smith was available on a free transfer after he was released by the Latics. The 26-year-old has previously had spells with Stockport County, Luton and Macclesfield Kidderminster.
The zebras were apparently upset by the sale of some of their stable-mates. A friend of the owner said locals got "a free safari" on Friday. Meanwhile a raccoon climbed a crane in Toronto and overturned a lorry full of bees.
The men were trying to descend Bla Bheinn when they got into difficulty. They raised the alarm at 20:40 and a rescue operation was launched. A coastguard helicopter from Stornoway in Lewis airlifted the men.
Dundee West MP Chris Law was questioned by police in September. He was in relation to his Spirit of Independence referendum campaign in 2014. The campaign saw him raise grassroots funding to travel across Scotland.
Labour's Owen Smith and Plaid's Leanne Wood clashed during the debate. Mr Smith challenged Ms Wood about whether she would vote down a Labour minority government. Ms Wood responded by accusing Labour of taking Wales for granted.
Reading Agency says reading for pleasure can help people enjoy social occasions more. Research found reading was associated with enjoyment, relaxation and escapism.
The BRDC had a contract until 2027 but it contained a break clause. Silverstone sought to reach a compromise agreement with F1's new owners Liberty Media but these talks failed. Liberty offered a series of options to try to help Silverstone but the track believed these were not satisfactory.
The camera looks out towards the town's pier from the lifeboat station. Location is notorious for crashing waves that can sweep people out to sea. The camera was supplied by Swansea-based PC-1 and Axis Communications.
United has given the maximum reward of a million flight miles, worth dozens of trips, to two people. One security expert said the scheme was a big step forward for online security.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick to earn Ross County first Premiership points. Inverness were reduced to 10 men when Kevin McNaughton was forced off with a knee injury. Ross County held on for their first league win of the season.
University of Sussex team put heart monitors on horses. They showed them pictures of faces to see how they reacted to different emotions. Anger made the horses' heart rates speed up quicker than happy faces.
North Wales Police said 60 arrests were made from drink driving tests. It follows a report earlier in December which said motorists in north Wales were more likely to be tested.
The assault took place in Musselburgh on Saturday. The victims were treated for minor injuries in hospital. Police Scotland described the attack as "vicious"
Diego Simeone's side surrendered a 15-game unbeaten run. A draw would have seen Atletico climb above Barcelona to the summit. But they had to hold on after skipper Gabi Fernandez was sent off.
Ben Davies headed Tottenham Hotspur into the lead in the second half. Son Heung-min then sealed the victory when he converted Moussa Sissoko's pass. Without the rested Dele Alli, Harry Kane and Christian Eriksen, the hosts were short of ideas.
Royal Sun Alliance has had a presence in Birmingham for more than 30 years. The office will shut later this year but a new "commercial trading site" will open in September. Staff are to be offered redeployment around the UK, a spokesman said.
Manchester United are 15 points clear at the top of the Premier League. Alex Ferguson's side beat Sunderland 1-0 on Saturday. United have won 50 of their last 54 Premier League games.
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething has announced that during the research period "those for whom the drug is clinically appropriate can access it" The trial will begin this summer. Around 150 new people are diagnosed with HIV in Wales each year.
Russian track and field athletes were banned from the Olympics following claims the country ran a state-sponsored doping programme. Darya Klishina, 25, initially escaped a blanket ban on Russia's athletes for doping by governing body the IAAF. But her eligibility was revoked following new, but unspecified, information.
Welsh Economy Research report shows 79% of direct spend was retained in Wales. associations built nearly 2,000 affordable homes. This was an increase of 4% on the previous year.
TfL said it is "operationally ready" for the Night Tube service. The planned September start date was pushed back until 2016. TfL and unions were unable to reach an agreement on staffing arrangements.
South Wales Fire and Rescue Service put out the blaze at Alexandra Docks. Comes after 20,000 tonnes of wood caught alight on 5 December. Six crews remain at the scene damping down.
Cardiff North MP Jonathan Evans said it was 'a tragedy' there was no agreement on who should chair the inquiry. The inquiry was set up after claims of paedophiles operating in Westminster in the 1980s. Child abuse survivors have urged the government to scrap the inquiry. Instead, they want it replaced
Daily Politics is on BBC2 from 1200-1300 on weekdays and Sunday Politics on BBC1 from 1100-1215. Both have a repeat on BBC Parliament at midnight, and are on BBC iPlayer for 30 days.
Northern Ireland youngsters the most likely to aspire to university. Within England, teenagers in London are most likely. There has been a big increase in applications from ethnic minority youngsters.
Ben Heaton scored four tries for Halifax. Matty Marsh and Nick Scruton crossed for Hull KR.
Charlie Jermyn died in May, about 30 hours after he was born in his parents' toilet in Penryn, Cornwall. Microbiologist Dr James Gray told the inquest that Charlie had shown some signs of illness but he was not sent to hospital for treatment. Hours later Charlie was born at home but
Naomi Gwynne wrote to South Lanarkshire Council after finding brother Isaac was unable to use the swings. Both children are autistic and Isaac is visually impaired by a brain tumour. Naomi wrote to the authority after visiting the new park near their home in Hamilton. The council said it had found a new seat it was
Police are investigating events linked to the funeral of Patsy O'Hara's mother. Dozens of people wearing military-style uniform attended the funeral in Londonderry. Her granddaughter Edel Kelly said it was what her grandmother wanted.
JogScotland was set up in 2002 to encourage non-club runners to take exercise. The scheme has evolved into a network of over 300 clubs with about 40,000 members. Scottish government said £50,000 was provided last year to help JogScotland become more sustainable.
Gavin Robinson and Naomi Long are in a tight race for the East Belfast seat. The Alliance MP has received death threats over the Union Flag dispute. Gavin Robinson insists the pact has been broadly welcomed.
PC Gillian Weatherley was dismissed for 'gross misconduct', Scotland Yard said. She was sacked for leaking information about the 2012 argument. MP Andrew Mitchell was accused of calling officers plebs during the row. Two other PCs have already been sacked for gross misconduct.
Bond girl has been involved in early workshops for the production. It is understood she would be in line to play the lead role of Rita. Stage Entertainment said they would'very much love her to be part of the production'
England lost the second Test against India by an innings and 68 runs. Alastair Cook's side were 80-5 and gave away a 200-run lead. The next three Tests will be about England's mindset. Can they play every ball on its merits and keep their chins up?
Charles and Philip Raine were found guilty of conspiracy to use criminal property. They were sentenced to three years in prison at Teesside Crown Court. Police organised identity parades to reunite missing sheep with their owners.
The EU is expected to renew sanctions in a matter of weeks. Putin said there would be "no discussions" about Crimea. The Ukrainian peninsula was seized by Kremlin-backed forces in 2014.
Five-time Olympic champion Sir Bradley Wiggins' use of the anti-inflammatory drug triamcinolone was released by Russian computer hackers known as Fancy Bears. Wiggins was permitted to take a banned substance before major races and he has denied any wrongdoing. UK Anti-Doping officials are looking at allegations of wrongdoing at
Mr Tsilikin, 54, was found with multiple knife wounds. It is believed he may have been dead for at least two days. Police have opened a murder inquiry.
Flight 73 was hijacked and taken over by Palestinian militants in 1986. Security forces laid siege to the New York-bound plane for 16 hours. 22 people were killed and about 150 injured. The surviving crew have until now remained silent. This is the first time they have shared details with the media
Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary said some forces are 'downgrading' 999 calls. HMIC's report found that most of the 43 forces in England and Wales were providing a good service. But that others have let victims down. Inspectors said there are now too few detectives and in some
The 20-year-old made 17 appearances on loan at Welling last season. Rodak has represented his country at youth level. Accrington are currently 20th in the League Two table.
National Grid and WPP shed 5.08% and 3.46% respectively after ending dividend payments to shareholders. Moneysupermarket and Zoopla fell 9.9% and 5.32% on fears of a competition probe. Low-cost airline Easyjet was among the top gainers, rising 0.63%.
The 18-year-olds, who will not be named, appeared briefly at the hearing. Rehtaeh Parsons, 17, was taken off life support after a suicide attempt in April. Her mother said she was raped by four boys and a photo was circulated. The next hearing in the case is set for
The 18-year-old from Essex broke the tibia and fibula in his left leg. He landed on a concrete floor while vaulting in November. Less than a month before his injury, he was part of the first British team to claim a World Championships medal.
The incident occurred on the A9 north of Berriedale in Caithness at about 14:00. Several other people received minor injuries in the crash.
David Skeen, 51, was last seen going for a run in Talgarth, near Brecon. Firefighters, police and mountain rescue volunteers had been searching for him. A drone was used during the day to help with the search.
Jose Mourinho's side had 39 efforts on goal, while the visitors only managed one. West Ham have now kept 10 Premier League clean sheets this season. Media playback is not supported on this device.
At least 20 civilians killed in air strikes on hospital and residential building in Aleppo. Violence in Syria has intensified in recent days, despite a ceasefire. UN-brokered peace talks resumed last month, but Western-backed delegation has suspended its role.
Roedd y Farwnes Morgan, AC dros Ganolbarth a Gorllewin Cymru, yn siarad wedi i Nicola Sturgeon gadarnhau y byddai'n ceisio am ail refferendwm ar annibyniaeth i'r
George North is one of four Lions making their first appearances of the tour. The 24-year-old is in line to start against in-form Super Rugby side Crusaders. North scored two tries in the 2013 series which saw the Lions beat Australia 2-1.
It was the fourth time in a week a device had been found in the city. Roads around Matilda Street were sealed off at about 10:30 BST. Traffic was diverted as police liaised with a military bomb disposal team.
We Were There was written by Leicester singer Bob Wragg for the 1982 World Cup finals. Mr Wragg said its original release was deemed "inappropriate" following the outbreak of the Falklands War. The recording features many of the winning side including Bobby Moore and Geoff Hurst.
Hindu teacher made to hold his ears while performing squats, before being beaten. Many Bangladeshis were angered by his treatment, posting photos of themselves holding their ears in solidarity. The government said the sacking was illegal and dismissed the school board.
Department of Environment letters began arriving on Wednesday. It follows a cut of more than 10% to the department's own budget. The Mourne Heritage Trust is losing three quarters of its funding.
Some Indian restaurants have relied on one signature dish to become legendary. BBC's Vikas Pandey profiles five such restaurants across the country. Alamgir gosht literally translates from the Hindi as "closed meat" The owner of Alamgir Mujeeb Ahmed claims his father invented the dish in 1963.
The technology and administration services provider has won a government contract worth £500,000. Its system is designed to help with the recording, planning and scheduling of staff. The Passport Office has 2,500 employees working from 37 locations across the UK.
Perry Cohen and Austin Stephanos, both 14, went missing on Friday. They were last seen buying $110 worth of fuel near Jupiter, Florida. Their capsized boat was found on Sunday more than 180 miles away. Joe Namath has offered a $100,000 reward for information on the boys.
Abigail is the first storm to be given a name by the Met Office. The storm will hit Northern Ireland with strong winds on Thursday. It will move towards the west coast of Scotland and northern England on Friday.
Orange Order and unionist leaders say protests will be peaceful. A court challenge to the ruling is due to be heard on Friday. Northern Ireland Secretary to meet unionist and Orange Order leaders.
Bristol Sport Ltd wants to replace two stands to increase capacity. Majority shareholder Steve Lansdown confirmed the club would begin work on Tuesday. The work was approved by Bristol City Council in November.
Lib Dems came fourth behind UKIP in Corby and lost their deposit. Party morale has suffered another serious blow. In Cardiff they came third after another slump in their vote.
Martinez was sacked on Thursday with Everton 12th in the Premier League. Everton reached the semi-final of both the FA Cup and League Cup this season. Martinez also said the summer transfer window would have been "significantly important for many reasons"
Compton signs one-year deal after leaving Yeovil Town. Rigg signs two-year contract after helping AFC Wimbledon to promotion. Manager Warren Feeney says the squad is starting to shape up nicely.
Watch "Wales: The Road to Euros" on BBC iPlayer until Wednesday, 8 June.
Couples have been decorating the Ponte Milvio bridge on the river Tiber with padlocks for several years. They are meant to symbolise the locking of hearts, inspired by a story described in a novel. The city council said rust from the locks, which hang off chains, is harming the fabric of the bridge
Sukhjit Singh, from Derby, was found dead in his bed while on holiday. His wife Ramandeep Kaur Mann is facing charges of plotting the killing. Police claimed the pair are lovers but her family has denied the charges. Friends in Derby said the news came as a shock and their priority was the
Eddie O'Sullivan says Garry Ringrose has been anointed the next Brian O'Driscoll. The 22-year-old didn't start his rugby career as a centre. Ringrose made his senior Ireland debut in the autumn international against Canada.
Britney Spears performed at London's Roundhouse as part of Apple Music Festival. She sang Toxic,...Baby One More Time and Oops!...I Did It Again. Sam Smith, Rita Ora, Nicholas Hoult and Melanie Blatt were among the crowd.
Glenurquhart's first Premiership victory for two months, 2-0 at home to Lochaber. Mid table, a late surge gave Lovat a 3-1 success at Kingussie. Kilmallie's 5-1 victory at Ballachulish means that they trail leaders Glasgow Mid Argyll only on goals scored
Gawker posted a video of Hulk Hogan having sex with his friend's wife. The website was ordered by a Florida court to pay the wrestler $115m. Gawker warned the verdict was already 'debilitating' and will appeal.
Party activists will vote next month at the annual SDLP conference in Armagh. Earlier this year, Mr Mallon called on Dr McDonnell to step down as leader.
In less than a year two Malaysian aircraft have been lost, with 537 people on board. But the number of crashes and fatalities compared to the huge number of people flying today. 2014 was narrowly the safest year ever, with one fatal accident per 2.38 million flights. Every new generation of aircraft has
Picasso's La Gommeuse achieved the top price of $67.5m (£45m) Van Gogh's Paysage sous un ciel mouvemente sold for $54m (£36m) The total for the Impressionist & Modern Art sale was $306.7m (£203m)
Disappointing drug trials can knock millions off your stock market value in a flash. Pharmaceutical companies are now turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them. Exscientia's AI can help identify molecules in a quarter of the usual time.
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in Euro 2016 semi-final. Cristiano Ronaldo scored both goals for Portugal. Chris Coleman's side now face Germany in the final.
Jane Bell, from Galashiels in the Scottish Borders, got into difficulty swimming at the Dalmeny Hotel in St Annes. She was swimming in the hotel's main pool with no flotation devices when she went into the 7ft (2m) deep end. Staff had received no emergency response training
The incident happened in Lora village, 50 miles south of Abbottabad. Reports said the landowner became angry after animals strayed on to his land. He tied the boy to the donkey and beat it to make it run faster, witnesses said. The boy, an eight-year-old named Mudassir
Nottingham Panthers face Fife Fife in Saturday's second semi-final. Panthers finished fifth in the table and beat Cardiff to win Challenge Cup in March. The National Ice Centre again hosts the four-game series.
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board shut mental health wards. Number of cases confirmed in the community, including in care homes. Dr Tom Porter urged anyone eligible to get a free flu vaccine to reduce risk.
Fifa have asked the Spanish Federation for documents relating to transfers over the last five years. Emilio Butragueno said the club was "absolutely calm" about its behaviour. Barcelona were handed a transfer ban after breaching regulations when signing 10 players under the age of 18 in 2013.
The 33-year-old's deal at Easter Road expires on 15 January. He would not be drawn on the possibility of extending his stay. "I've got no plans for January or the end of the season," he said.
Sharnford Traffic Action Group (STAG) said some motorists were clocked at "eye watering" speeds topping 100mph. The county council has offered to install speed bumps on Aston Lane at a cost of £12,000 to the parish council. More than 13,000 motorists drove above 50mph in a
EDF has outlined plans to raise 4bn, with up to 3bn provided by the French government. Tough market conditions mean EDF is cutting costs and planning to sell 10bn in assets by 2020.
The 39-year-old Englishman has not played in a competitive match since the World Championship quarter-finals in April. O'Sullivan also opted not to defend his title at last week's Champion of Champions in Coventry.
BBC Sport extend their deal to broadcast the Six Nations until 2017. This year's tournament saw audiences increase to their highest level for 13 years. The championship is contested by England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, France and Italy.
Liverpool beat AFC Wimbledon 2-1 in the FA Cup third round. Steven Gerrard scored both goals for the Reds. The 34-year-old will leave Liverpool for the MLS in the summer.
Justice Minister David Ford told the Northern Ireland Assembly that until agreement is reached, the Police Service of Northern Ireland and Police Ombudsman will remain responsible for legacy investigations. He said he has been assured that the government intends honouring its financial promise, but only when the new bodies are established.
Catalonia's regional parliament voted to start the secession process. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has gone to the Constitutional Court to suspend the resolution. Secession is banned under Spain's constitution and the prime minister has accused campaigners of trying to "liquidate" the nation.
Decision was expected by 24 December but Guildford councillor said more information was needed. Susan Parker, leader of the Guildford Greenbelt Group, fears the delay will play into the developer's hands. Guildford Borough Council confirmed the 24 December date was 'now unlikely'
The grants were awarded from a funding pot of £5m being delivered across the UK. The Belfast based organisation is to receive a total of £31,590. Their counterparts in Londonderry, have been handed £42,000.
The city was brought to a standstill on 15 December last year when a gunman held 18 hostages for 17 hours. Family members of victims Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson were in attendance. NSW Premier Mike Baird has also announced plans for a permanent memorial to be built into the pavement in Martin Place.
Nick Gargan found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but cleared of gross misconduct. Details can not yet be made public about what the panel ruled Mr Gargan had done. He is returning to work but not yet in Avon and Somerset Police.
England and Scotland's players will not be allowed to wear poppies on shirts on Armistice Day. Poppy Day is a day to remember those who have lost their lives in war. Football Association of Wales has also written to Fifa asking permission.
There were 13 people on board the Mi-17V-5 helicopter. One of them was a four-year-old child. The weather in southern Venezuela is currently cloudy and stormy.
39-year-old was last seen at her home in Tranmere on 18 October. She was discovered on land bordering Poole Lane and Old Court House Lane. A post-mortem examination is due to take place.
Lewis Gregory takes four wickets as Durham are bowled out for 256. Jennings hits 116 as Somerset close day one on 30-3.
St James' Park and West Ham United's ground were raided in April by HM Revenue and Customs as part of a £5m National Insurance fraud investigation. Newcastle's managing director Lee Charnley was among several men arrested and later released without charge. The ban remains in force until a
More than 40 principals in Belfast area say education cuts are unacceptable. They have asked Belfast City Council for support in fighting the cuts. Lord Mayor Alderman Brian Kingston has now agreed to write to politicians.
The former Scunthorpe, Sheffield Wednesday and Preston player worked with Blackpool manager Gary Bowyer as a trainee at Blackburn. The 27-year-old was released by York in January after making 18 appearances for the League Two side.
Bath & North East Somerset Council said the referendum will be held early next year. It needs at least 5% of local electors for a referendum to go ahead. Those behind the petition say a mayor would offer more dynamic leadership. Council leader said it felt "unnecessary" so soon after the elections.
Anthony Kevin Morais went missing on 4 September after leaving his house. Police said they had arrested seven suspects in the case. One of the suspects was involved in a corruption case prosecuted by Mr Morais recently.
Annie Besala Ekofo, 53, and Bervil Kalikaka-Ekofo, 21, were found dead in East Finchley. Scotland Yard said officers will explore whether anyone else linked to their address could have been a target. Four other people, including a child, were also at the property at the
England beat Japan 2-0 to top Group E at the Women's World Cup. Ellen White and Rachel Yankey scored for the Three Lions. Powell's side will now face France in the last eight.
Marchers and bands parade around the city's historic walls. Memorial ceremony marks the end of the Siege of Derry in 1689. Thousands of supporters from across the UK turn out to watch the 145 bands taking part.
The 23-year-old has scored 24 tries in 37 appearances for the Wolves. He could make his debut for Super League's bottom side on Friday.
CIA had previously believed IS had about 10,000 fighters. The revision comes a day after President Obama outlined a plan to "degrade and destroy" IS. US Secretary of State John Kerry is visiting Turkey, seeking more support.
Dr James Blaxland tested more than 50 different plants extracts and hops against a range of bacteria, including salmonella. It is one of the germs that trigger more than 500,000 cases in the UK each year.
Stormont officials have refused to give any details citing confidentiality. The decision could mean that the authorities are not complying with European rules on water quality.
Company Sgt Maj Nelson Carter died in the Battle of the Boar's Head in 1916. He was educated in Hailsham but lived most of his life in Eastbourne. A memorial paving stone was unveiled in Eastbourne Pavilion Gardens.
Prof Simon Wessely now heads the department of psychological medicine at the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College, London. He was involved in setting up one of the first NHS clinics for people with CFS symptoms. In the mid 1990s, he started to investigate Gulf War Syndrome.
Hollands made 219 appearances for the Cherries between 2006 and 2011. The 30-year-old left the club in the summer, having turned down a new contract.
With more than half the votes counted, President Juan Manuel Santos is leading. The campaign has been dominated by discussions on the peace talks with the Farc rebels. Mr Santos, who launched negotiations in November 2012, lost the first round last month.
Dawn Purvis has been director of the clinic since it was launched in 2012. Anti-abortion protester Bernadette Smyth was convicted of harassing her last year. Ms Purvis: "I've achieved a significant historical change in the perception of abortion"
The 29-year-old world number 21 took the first game 12-10. Egypt's 2014 US Open winner edged the second and third games. Simpson then won the fourth 11-5.
St Johnstone move up to third in the Scottish Championship. Danny Cummins and Murray Davidson scored in the second half. Ali Crawford missed a golden opportunity to give Hamilton the lead.
Janet Muller, 21, was found by fire crews in a car in Ifield, West Sussex. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, is due to appear in court on Thursday.
Ramsay called the now two-time Wimbledon champion an inspiration. Ramsay has won three times on tour, the most recent of them being the Trophee Hassan in March last year. The final round brought the smallest number of fans - 8,733 - of the week.
Tries from Dan Leavy and Luke McGrath put the hosts 14-7 ahead at half-time. The visitors fought back to lead 21-17 after counter-attacking scores from Williams and Sion Bennett. But Ross Molony plunged over from close to give Leinster a seventh successive league win.
UK could ask Brussels to establish a "temporary customs union" after March 2019. During this time it would be able to negotiate its own international trade deals. UK would look to agree either a "highly streamlined" border with the EU or new "partnership" with no customs border at all.
The 24-hour Tube service was originally scheduled for September. It was delayed over a dispute about pay and conditions. Following the breakdown of talks on Wednesday, union leaders said the launch would not happen this year. But during a trip to Japan Mr Johnson said: "We are going to have a Night Tube
Several senior nurses raised issues during an inspection visit. NHS Grampian was asked to supply an improvement action plan.
UN human rights office accuses both sides of atrocities during final stages of war. In response Sri Lanka promised a local inquiry but will not allow proposed court. One UN estimate is that 40,000 Tamils died in the final army offensive.
The 35-year-old threw a new F51 European record of 17.68m to score 1100 points. It beat the previous best of 15.83 set by Ireland's Catherine O'Neill in 2001. Butterfield was left paralysed by a tumour on her spinal cord in 2011.
White Paper lays out 12 "principles" including migration control and free trade. MP Glyn Davies asked for assurances that Welsh interests would be considered. He told him: "You are absolutely right and that's been the approach we've taken" Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood said her party would do everything
Poor quality and fake tablets are causing drug resistance and treatment failure. Data from 21 countries in sub-Saharan Africa including over 2,500 drug samples showed similar results. World Health Organization says maintaining current rates of progress will not be enough to meet global targets for malaria control.
Death toll from rice cake reached nine accidents by Friday across Japan. Another 13 people were in a serious condition. New Year is one of Japan's biggest holidays.
Members of the NASUWT are staging a 24-hour stoppage. They claim their relationship with the trust running Whitehaven Academy has broken down. Teachers who are members of the ATL and NUT are taking part in similar action on Friday.
Lawsuit cites the US constitution's emoluments clause, which says no federal official should receive a gift or a fee from a foreign government. It is the first such lawsuit filed by government entities. Mr Trump has not yet commented on the latest move.
West Midlands Police said there was a'sweet irony' to officers using the centre for forced entry training. The base in Aston, Birmingham was largely paid for by a £30,000 donation from the fund, police said.
Telford Co-operative Multi-Academy Trust run two academies. Wrockwardine Wood and Sutherland put in special measures this week. Ofsted criticised the trust's lack of support to the schools.
Kelly Mahon, 41, admitted one charge of kidnap at Shrewsbury Crown Court. Judge Robin Onions told the defendant she was likely to receive a custodial sentence "of some length"
Zaliukas played more than 200 times for Hearts over seven years. The 30-year-old made just 15 appearances for Leeds last term. His first competitive match for Rangers could be against Hibs on 5 August.
PM says she enjoys Doctor Who and Poirot but won't take part in Strictly. Earlier in the day she'll have a drink with friends before helping churches.
Agriculture minister Barnaby Joyce said Australia had agreed to health protocols that would be finalised by his Chinese counterpart. This comes after Indonesia slashed live cattle imports from Australia. The trade in live cattle between Australia and China could be worth up to $A2bn each year.
Corrie Mckeague, 23, vanished after a night out in the town 11 days ago. Suffolk Police said the three young people aged between 16 and 18 were seen at Short Brackland. They could be "potential witnesses", the force said.
Schweinsteiger will miss games against Bournemouth, Norwich and Stoke. The incident was not seen by the match officials but was caught on video. Referee Mark Clattenburg spoke to both players after the incident.
Patrick Ekeng died aged 26 of a suspected heart attack after collapsing on the pitch during a match on Friday. Dinamo face CFR Cluj in the postponed final on 17 May. The trophy will be sent to Cameroon, where it will be placed on Patrick's grave.
China's state-run media focus on the inside story of the Bo Xilai trial. Online media attack Bo's character and rejection of bribery charges. In Hong Kong, Beijing-backed newspapers praise the trial as a sign of the Communist Party's resolve to stamp out corruption. Independent press
Mr Wood said that would affect his independence.
Money spent on in-house staff, third party companies and advertising agencies. Some residents said this was a "waste of money" and States would need to "measure its effectiveness"
Bryony took silver with a score of 56.040, just behind Canada's Rosie MacLennan. Now she wants more kids to get involved in the sport, and says that it's about a lot more than just winning medals.
Pontypridd MP resigned from the shadow cabinet last month. He will be battling Angela Eagle for the anti-Corbyn vote. Mr Smith said he was against the war: "I wasn't in parliament at the time"
Benedict Seed, 83, denies the charges, which include striking pupils aged between 11 and 18 with a cane. He is also charged with pulling a boy from his bed and hitting him on the body with a hockey stick.
Malala Yousafzai will unveil a plaque during a ceremony in Birmingham. The 16-year-old was attacked by Taliban gunmen on a school bus in October. She said she was "honoured" to be part of the opening ceremony.
Alexander Protopopov oversaw dismantling of road in Komi region, police say. He then sold off its 7,000 reinforced concrete slabs for personal profit. Officials believe the scheme cost the government more than £69,000.
More than 400 people have been killed in unrest since President Nkurunziza said he would run for a third term in office last April. Diplomats are now negotiating how to implement the UN Security Council's resolution.
Paul Wilson, 38, admitted causing death by dangerous driving and other charges. He was jailed for four-and-a-half years and disqualified from driving. Alwyn Pritchard, 53, was riding his motorbike when he was struck by Wilson's car.
Shaun Brisley is taken off on stretcher after clash with goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell. Mitchell's long clearance allowed Jack Marriott to lob keeper Alex Cisak. Dan Potts went close to making it 2-0 after the break, but curled wide. Leyton Orient manager Kevin Nolan: "The most disappointing thing for me is
British Cycling admitted it had not paid "sufficient care and attention" to riders' wellbeing. An investigation into the culture at British Cycling was launched last year. In March, British Cycling apologised for any "failings" in its performance programme. Barker won silver medals in the madison and scratch races
Toyota and its group companies have agreed in principle to support the project. Crowdfunding has paid for development of the so-called Skydrive car. It uses drone technology and has three wheels and four rotors.
Myrtle Cothill, from South Africa, has been cared for by her daughter in Dorset since coming to the UK in 2014. She had been ordered to fly home on Tuesday but the Home Office has halted proceedings pending a medical report. Lawyer Jan Doerfel said sending Mrs Cothill home, where she had
Government has set aside £150m for bodies to investigate Troubles cases. But failure by Stormont politicians to agree on how best to deal with the past has meant the money is on hold.
A 32-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault and bailed until November 29. Greater Manchester Police said they were investigating the incident at Queen's nightclub on Wigan Road in Ashton-in-field. Widnes Viking said they had been advised thatMaker will make a complete recovery.
Spencer Powles, 62, died 10 days after the incident on October 24, 2012. He suffered severe injuries to his abdomen when a telehandler lurched forward. At Gloucester Crown Court, the firm was also ordered to pay costs of £27,000.
The 29-year-old was on trial with Bolton Wanderers last week. He has signed a three-year deal in Turkey instead. Mbolhi impressed for Algeria at the 2014 World Cup.
Ceredigion council plans to auction the site of former Ysgol Dyffryn Teifi in Llandysul, which closed last term, for development. The sale is set for 30 September. A new group, Plant y Dyffyn, wants more time to draw up a bid to buy it
Millwall drop to sixth in the table after goalless draw at Colchester. Lee Gregory and Chris Taylor both missed chances at the other end. The Lions are four points ahead of Barnsley, who have a game in hand.
White Tigers finished 19th in the Evo-Stick Southern Premier. They let in 99 goals in 42 league games, more than any other side. Manager Paul Hodges says he will meet with chairman Peter Masters this week.
Fiskens said two traffic wardens were 'adamant' they should be fined £120. The 45-year-old Ferrari was parked for a'short time' outside their HQ. Kensington and Chelsea Council said it was "issued as it would in any case"
In the first half of this year, there were more than 5,000 road accidents in Tanzania. More than a quarter of them were motorcycle accidents. Trainee doctor Marko Hingi saw an opportunity to turn boda boda drivers into true life-savers. He is also head of the Tanzania Rural Health
The blue-chip index closed 0.6%, or 45.4 points, higher at 7,337.8. Housebuilders helped lift the index, with Barratt Developments up 3.1%. ITV shares rose 2.9% after Goldman Sachs named the broadcaster as a possible takeover target.
Women are as likely as men to ask for a pay rise - but are less likely to get one. The study, by the Cass Business School and the universities of Warwick and Wisconsin, looked at 4,600 workers. It found "no support" for the "reticent female" theory, whereby women
Incident happened on 20:14 service between Keith and Elgin. Suspect believed to be travelling with about seven other men. He was white, about 25, and 6ft tall.
Thirteen civilians killed when soldiers opened fire on a civil rights march. Police resumed their investigation into the killings in January. Some Bloody Sunday families criticised the police investigation.
Corporal Matthew Hatfield, a'r Corporal Darren Neilson, ganlyniad i anafiadau. Roedd y ddau yn aelodau o Gatrawd Brenhinol y Tanciau.
Duminda Silva was found guilty with four others of shooting dead Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra and three of his supporters. The defendants are likely to serve long jail terms because of Sri Lanka's moratorium on executions. Many hailed the verdict as proof that judicial independence had been restored in Sri Lanka.
Lawless made 203 appearances during a five-and-a-half-year spell with the Hatters. The 31-year-old has also had spells at Torquay United and Forest Green Rovers.
Techniquest has relied on Welsh Government funding for 40% of its income. 30-year-old Cardiff organisation has had more than five million visitors. It moved from Cardiff city centre to Cardiff Bay in 1995.
17-year-old leapt from Copa Airlines flight from Panama City to San Francisco. He was held by construction workers until police arrived to arrest him. Passengers said the boy seemed fidgety and anxious throughout the flight.
Saima Ahmed, 36, was reported missing from her home in August 2015. Her family were also unaware of any friends or contacts she might have had. Five Metropolitan Police officers are now facing a misconduct investigation.
The group, reported to be three men, two women and four children, was held at Reyhanli, in Hatay province, near the Syrian border. Their intention in travelling to the region, where areas are controlled by Islamic State (IS) militants or an al-Qaeda affiliate, is not clear
Franck Petricola died at Sulby Crossroads, becoming the 141st fatality at the races since they began in 1907. The 32-year-old was making his debut at the TT after recovering from a serious accident at last year's North West 200. Petricola suffered multiple fractures and a head injury after crashing
The two suspects, aged 22 and 20, were detained at Dover Eastern Docks. They are being held on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts.
A group of young Indian women have started a campaign against menstrual taboos. They are holding placards with the slogan "Happy To Bleed" They are protesting against the sexist remarks made by the head of a temple. The Sabarimala temple in Kerala does not allow women to enter when they are men
Amanda Thompson, of Rochdale, collapsed after eating the strawberry dessert. Coroner concluded something in the sorbet had triggered a fatal reaction. Mrs Thompson, 50, knew eating eggs, milk or apples would make her ill.
Aiden Hughes posed as a teenage boy to meet his victim in a Belfast park. During the meeting, he touched the girl over her clothes. Hughes had marriage problems and took to the internet to 'escape the stress' He was put on the Sex Offenders' Register for ten years.
Scotland's jobless total rose by 6,000 between October and December. UK unemployment fell by 7,000 to 1.6 million over the same period. Scottish unemployment rate is now 4.9%, slightly above UK rate of 4.8%.
Hull City's Robert Snodgrass ruled out for six months with a knee injury. The Scotland winger suffered the injury in Saturday's 1-0 win at QPR. Hull boss Steve Bruce said Snod Grass would miss "for the best part of the season"
Can you identify the genuine F1 drivers from the imposters?
The woman was attacked in the Seagate area, near Dundee bus station. Police have issued a description of a man they want to speak to. He was in his 20s, of slim build, with short, dark, brown hair.
Esteban Chaves won the second stage of the Vuelta a Espana. Chris Froome lost four seconds to rival Nairo Quintana. Italian Vincenzo Nibali crashed his Astana team car.
Czech world number 233 edged Estonia's 99th-ranked Kontaveit 6-4 7-6 (8-6) Croatia's Borna Coric saved five match points to defeat Germany's Philipp Kohlschreiber 5-7 7-6 (7-3) 7-5.
Boy struck by vehicle in Tower Hamlets, east London, on Friday. He was taken to a major trauma centre by London's Air Ambulance. A 25-year-old man was later arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving.
Scottish government says the figures show strategy for tackling heart disease is working. Deaths from heart disease between 2004/05 and 2013/14 dropped by 43%. The number of people dying after a stroke also decreased by 41%.
The incident happened in Gerard Street, Ashton-in-Makerfield. The woman, who has not been named, was critically injured and died at the scene.
Filming on the show, which will also star John Hurt, will start next week. Tennant was the 10th Doctor and Piper played his on-screen companion Rose Tyler.
Police said the rockets had landed in open areas, without causing damage or injury. Warning sirens went off just before the rockets hit. The city's airport has been closed and security tightened.
Donald Horne's 1964 book The Lucky Country painted a bleak picture of Australian society. It sold more than 100,000 copies in its first year, an Australian record for a book of its type. Australia has enjoyed 23 years of consecutive economic growth. But as in most wealthy countries, there are pockets of extreme
First Gulf War brought together the largest military alliance since WWII. More than 30 allies, including Britain, fielded a force of more than 50,000. It was the first televised war in the new era of rolling news.
Petrol bombs were thrown at police and water cannon deployed. Protesters also threw stones and bottles at police lines.
Hook has agreed a three-year deal with the region. The 31-year-old left Ospreys to join Perpignan in 2011. Hook has 81 caps for Wales.
The actress revealed she was fat-shamed on set by a male co-star. She didn't reveal who it was, but said the actor was in his mid 20s.
Protesters claim construction on contaminated land could pollute water sources for a nearby drinks factory. Power company EON said emissions would be controlled and neither air nor water sources would be affected.
The 27-year-old Scot, who is back at number four in the world after dropping down the rankings following back surgery, is to marry girlfriend Kim Sears in April. Murray loosened up in more ways than one as he chatted to BBC tennis correspondent Russell Fuller and BBC Scotland's Kheredine Idess
Third and final series of Broadchurch has begun filming. The drama will continue shooting in Dorset, Bristol and Somerset this summer. David Tennant and Olivia Colman will return as DI Alex Hardy and DS Ellie Miller.
Captain James Anderson was born in south west Scotland in 1824. He was the captain of the ship which laid a telegraph cable under the Atlantic. A passion for the sea had been with him since his time as a schoolboy.
Darren Grayson has stepped down from the East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust. In March the Care Quality Commission said A&E waiting times were 'excessive' Campaigners have called for the resignation of the trust board.
The works on Gdynia Way near Plymouth's city centre started in June. But police said they had seen an increase in the number of collisions. Plymouth City Council said a new set of temporary traffic lights would be put on the junction.
The report was never written, but the murdered opposition politician's colleagues, led by his close associate Ilya Yashin, have since worked to finish it. Most of the Russian-language report, entitled Putin. War, is based on facts that have already appeared in Russian and foreign media since Crimea was annexed in
Jason has been in and out of prison since he was 14 years old. The 38-year-old has lost count of the number of times he has been locked up. Ryan, a former police officer, has 12 weeks left to serve of his sentence.
Duddy was at the centre of an extraordinary chain of events that led to the IRA ceasefire of 1994 and the Good Friday Agreement of 1998. He was a key link between the Provisional IRA Army Council and the Secret Intelligence Service from the 1970s to the early 1990s. Mr Duddy even hosted talks in
Illicit haul found at six properties in the Freeman Street area of the town. Cigarettes and tobacco would cost an estimated £200,00 if bought legally.
The sell-out event brought 75,000 people from around the world. Entertainers performing for the crowds included Paolo Nutini, The Charlatans, Fatherson and Be Charlotte.
The 1.8-tonne bomb was found during construction work. Defusing it is expected to take most of the day. Augsburg is about 80km (50 miles) north-west of Munich.
245 million-year-old marine reptile from China was carrying an embryo. Discovery pushes back evidence of reproductive biology in the Archosauromorpha by 50 million years.
More than 2,000 family doctors were working in 460 practices in September. Health Minister Mark Drakeford said figures showed commitment to NHS. But Plaid Cymru warned a'recruitment crisis is looming'
Older people have enjoyed enormous increases in the value of their homes. Many older people enjoy generous occupational pensions that guarantee them a fixed income in retirement. At age 30, those born in the early 1980s have only half the wealth of those born a decade earlier at the same age.
Driver swerved to miss what he believed was a diver's marker in the water. The buoys were five-litre plastic containers used as fishing gear markers. They did not comply with the harbour authority's requirements.
Roger Hayes, 75, from Holsworthy, Devon and son Andy, 39, from Birmingham, died when their twin-seat plane crashed at Pierre-Buffiere. The plane crashed 20 minutes after taking off from nearby Limoges. An iPad navigation app may have prompted the pilot to make a sharp turn
Mark Urban is BBC diplomatic and defence editor. He says UK policy in Syria has been hampered by 'wishful thinking'
Professor Hawking's lecture to be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 later this year. It is part of a raft of new shows announced by the BBC on Monday. They include Glenda Jackson's return to acting in a drama based on Emile Zola novels. Miles Jupp is to take over as the new
Ministers' response shows 5% of council schools have budget deficits. Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said funding gaps had become a "national scandal" There have been growing warnings from schools about problems with funding.
Most flights coming out of or landing in Chile's main airports were cancelled or delayed. The airport ground workers' union called the strike after the government rejected their request to join the more generous Chilean military pension plan. 3,000 luggage handlers, airport security and weather forecasters joined the strike.
Kim Wall, 30, was last seen on board the vessel with owner Peter Madsen. The submarine later sank and Mr Madsen was rescued before being arrested. Mr Madsen initially said that he dropped Ms Wall off before it sank. But police say he has now changed his statement - although they have not said what to
As many as 2.1 million consumers a year receive some sort of catch up bill, at an average of £206. In 2007, energy suppliers signed a voluntary commitment not to back-bill domestic customers for energy used more than 12 months previously.
Ciaran Williamson, eight, was playing with friends in Craigton Cemetery. A headstone fell on him on 26 May 2015, killing him instantly. Council employee David MacCall gave evidence at Glasgow Sheriff Court. He said between 500 and 900 headstones were laid flat over safety concerns. It also emerged that another
MI6 launches its first ever cinema advert, aimed at attracting different types of candidate. Recruiters have long worried about the pervasiveness of the Bond image. The aim of the advert is to wean the public off this grotesquely misleading stereotype.
Group like-for-like revenues were up 5%, with turnover at £9.7bn. In the UK and Ireland the group trades as Carphone Warehouse, Currys and PC World.
McCullum will link up again with his ex-New Zealand team-mate Vettori. Vettori was appointed Middlesex's Twenty20 coach on a three-year deal in December. James Franklin has been made full-time captain in the County Championship and the One-Day Cup.
Under the deal, Baosteel is to take over its smaller competitor Wuhan Iron and Steel. Both companies are majority-owned by the state. Announcement comes as Beijing tries to overhaul the steel industry.
Arsenal beat Aston Villa 3-0 in the FA Cup final at Wembley. Arsene Wenger made a number of tactical decisions during the game. Theo Walcott was deployed up front instead of Olivier Giroud.
Many millions of people became refugees as a result of Partition. Hear one woman's story of how her family was affected.
Lord Alderdice does not think it would be appropriate for the commission to return now. Talks will begin next week in Belfast in a bid to resolve the current crisis.
Zesco of Zambia and Wydad Casablanca of Morocco in Africa Cup of Nations. Zesco hold Ahly of Egypt to a 2-2 draw in Alexandria. Wydad must beat ASEC Mimosas of Ivory Coast on Sunday.
Sheeran has 16 million Twitter and 5.5 million Instagram followers. He has just completed a world tour of his number one album x. His second album x topped the chart in the UK, Australia and the US.
NHS England and South Central Ambulance Service settle out of court. The nine-year-old became unwell in 2007 and received treatment. But it came too late to prevent injury to his brain and he needs round-the-clock care.
Liverpool lost 3-1 to Sevilla in the Europa League final. The defeat means Liverpool will not play any European football next season. "It was 50-60% of our usual quality and we have to accept that," said Klopp.
Students smuggled in textbooks and notes into the examination centres. Parents and friends were photographed scaling the walls to pass on answers. The examinations, held by the Bihar School Examination Board, began on Tuesday. Officials say more than 1.4 million students are taking the tests.
Australia wrapped up the victory in three days after dismissing the tourists for 148 in the second innings. James Pattinson ran through the fragile Windies top order to secure his fourth five-wicket haul in Test cricket. Kraigg Brathwaite was the only visiting batsman to show any resistance at the Bellerive Oval with a
The research has led to drugs to treat diseases affecting more than 3.4 billion people around the world. Ivermectin kills the first larval stage of the parasite - the babies of adult female worms. Youyou Tu found an extract from the sweetwood plant Artemisia annual. She tested it on herself and
Alstom, which also makes the high-speed TGV train, is seen as one of France's key industrial firms. The French government can therefore block a foreign takeover of the firm.
Michael Carberry last played for Hampshire in July 2016. The left-handed opener was diagnosed with a cancerous tumour. Carberry scored exactly 100 off 121 balls in Hampshire's game against Cardiff MCCU at the Ageas Bowl.
Council funded chief executive Mark James in his case over blog remarks. Mr James said in 2012 he would not keep any damages he won. Jacqui Thompson must pay Mr James £25,000 in instalments by 2032.
Reve De Sivola held on for second and Deputy Dan trailed in third. The 2-1 favourite was trained by Colin Tizzard.
Lukas Jutkiewicz misses a good chance for Bolton in the second half. Gary Madine's header forced Birmingham goalkeeper David Stockdale into a one-handed save. Isaac Vassell made his debut for Birmingham following his transfer from Luton.
England lost 2-1 to the Netherlands at Wembley on Tuesday night. Jamie Vardy man-of-the-match after scoring opener for Three Lions. Vardy has stepped up his game in both of England's friendlies.
Scunthorpe have lost three of their last six League One games. But they are still second in the table, seven points behind Sheffield United. The Iron host third-placed Fleetwood on Saturday.
Angelo Fusco, 81, has been a keen observer of Italy's games against the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland for decades. Angelo and his brothers witnessed the infamous 'Battle of Belfast' in December 1957. Juan Schiaffino and Alcides Ghiggia, who scored Uruguay's winning
A southbound Volkswagen Crafter Van collided with a Peugeot Partner Van. A 58-year-old male passenger in the Peugeot is in a serious but stable condition. Both vehicles suffered extensive damage in the collision.
Libya were originally scheduled to host the tournament in 2013. Civil unrest in the north African country meant the event was moved to South Africa. A decision on Libya's replacement will be made next year.
Thousands lined the streets of London to cheer on the athletes. We spoke to a young Yorkshire resident Max to see what the atmosphere was like.
Lily James plays Elizabeth Bennet in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. The film is an adaptation of Seth Grahame-Smith's New York Times bestseller. James says she was initially "cynical" about the idea of zombies.
Mageean's coach Jerry Kiernan says both he and the county Down woman had been informed too late about the offer of a place in the team. The meeting takes place in Vaasa, Finland from 23-25 June.
Ross Draper's opener was cancelled out by Kane Hemmings. Inverness manager John Hughes was disappointed with how Dundee dominated second half. Dundee manager Paul Hartley felt his side created enough chances to win the game.
Firefighters called to the set in Hertfordshire just after 23:00 GMT on Tuesday. A firework is believed to have caused the fire, which did not lead to serious damage. The blaze, which was in the first floor and roof space of the building, was soon extinguished.
Questions raised over India's ability to translate congratulatory tone into awareness of disabled rights. India is not known for being friendly towards the disabled and most public places still lack basic facilities to help them in everyday life. Girisha Hosanagaraaje Nagargowda's silver medal in Men's High
John Jackson worked in Witham-based criminal justice mental health team. Concerns were raised about his internet use in May 2013. 40% of his work internet use between May 2012 and May 2013 involved adult material. Mr Jackson was dismissed following an internal disciplinary hearing.
Jose Mourinho has left Chelsea after three and a half years in charge. The Portuguese won the Premier League twice during his first spell at the club. He has also enjoyed success at Inter Milan and Real Madrid.
Robbie Walsh, of Island View, Kilrush, was charged with assault causing serious harm to Karl Haugh. Two other men arrested over the killing were released without charge.
The 28-year-old footballer's contract was terminated hours after he was dropped for Saturday's Premier League match. He will stand trial on Friday on two further counts of sexual activity with a child, which he denies. sportswear firm Adidas has cancelled its contract with the midfielder.
Robert Gray, 60, submitted a string of false VAT returns between October 2011 and August 2013. The fabricated returns triggered VAT repayments he was not entitled to. Gray was caught following an investigation by HMRC.
Andrew Travers left the authority by "mutual agreement" after the error. Voters were initially turned away from all 155 polling stations in the borough. An independent investigation has been launched, the council said.
Lara Clarke, from Brownhills, has made near-life-sized cakes of Johnny Depp and Jennifer Lawrence. Her latest creation, baked to celebrate the Defender model, fed 2,000 people. Half-scale replica weighed 600kg and featured working headlights.
Lib Dem site was called "May & Co" - the same name as a Chelsea estate agent. The firm's boss, John Yianni, said he started getting abusive calls. Lib Dems said it was "an innocent mistake" and the site had been changed.
Barcelona has been fined 5.5m over the signing of Neymar in 2013. The club had been accused of tax fraud over the transfer, which it denied. Neymar and his father are also being investigated over alleged tax fraud.
Two adults who were injured in the attack are recovering in hospital. Children who witnessed the attack will also be interviewed, police confirm. President Obama holds meeting with cabinet members to discuss gun control.
Fracking involves pumping water and chemicals into shale rock at pressure. Joint report from Royal Society and Royal Academy of Engineering say it is safe if firms follow best practice. Exploratory fracking is being mooted in at least seven sites around the UK.
A 911 caller said "they were going to blow up the Statue of Liberty" Police found "an area of interest" near lockers at the statue's base. After a sweep, the area was declared safe by late afternoon. Statue Cruises said ferries were postponed after officials found a suspicious package.
Taoiseach had to deny being drunk or hungover during RTE interview. On Wednesday he apologised for the'hoarseness' in his voice throughout the day.
Herd, 27, was a free agent after cancelling a move to Perth Glory. Nouble, 25, spent last season in China with Tianjin Quanjian.
Tottenham are building a new £400m stadium next to White Hart Lane. Spurs could play Champions League home games at Wembley. Chelsea could also play home games there in the near future.
Nearly half of Antigua's coconut palms have been wiped out by disease. Lethal yellowing is the same condition that devastated the iconic trees in Florida and Jamaica. The cash-strapped government's lack of resources has enabled it to run rampant.
It is the third time UK industry has been in recession in eight years. Industrial production rose 0.3% from February to March, it fell 0.4% both in the first three months of 2016 and in the last three of 2015.
Zeid Raad Al Hussein described the incident, in which 10 people were wounded, as 'extremely shocking' Mr Al Hussein also expressed concern over reports that the man who filmed the incident was arrested. The incident in Cizre, a predominantly Kurdish city, occurred on 20 January.
BBC News website asked independent Money Advice Service to deliver a calendar of month-by-month tips for those trying to keep their personal finances in order. Nick Hill from the service says that now is the time to start thinking of money resolutions.
Pre-inquest hearing into 1974 Birmingham pub attacks opened on Monday. Coroner Peter Thornton QC said he supported families' claim for legal aid. But he said he had no powers to grant it and inquest could reopen in 2017.
Benaud, 84, is said to have died peacefully in his sleep on Thursday. He will be remembered in a private funeral attended only by his immediate family.
personnel will assist in the temporary relocation of some staff from the US embassy in Baghdad. Reports have emerged that an army helicopter was shot down in fierce clashes near the city of Falluja. The UN says that systematic killings in the north of the country "almost certainly amounted to war crimes"
The 18-year-old was last seen in Inverness on 10 November. Police Scotland said formal identification has still to take place. Mr Mitchell's family have been informed, police said.
Prices rose 0.8% in the month compared with 0.1% in November. Overall in 2015 house prices rose by 4.5%, with the average price of a property in the UK now at £196,999.
Murray, 27, outsmarted the 19-year-old to win 6-3 7-6 (7-5) 6-3. The sixth seed is through to his fifth Australian Open and 15th Grand Slam semi-final. In the last four he will take on seventh seed Berdych, now working with Murray's former coach Dani
Ryan Christie, now a Celtic forward, and Liam Polworth established themselves as teenagers at Inverness and Christie senior puts that down to the bravery of former manager John Hughes. Christie would like to see a minimum of five home-grown players in every match squad.
Police and fire crews called to house on Lewes Road at 02:50 BST. Neighbours evacuated but have now been allowed back into their homes. Body found in upstairs of house, which had been badly damaged.
The shooting occurred at a hostel attached to the private Pragati Residential School in Bangalore city. The alleged gunman, identified as Mahesh, was working as an office assistant in the school.
The 12-week festival was the climax of the Cultural Olympiad. Coldplay are one of the star acts of the Paralympic Games closing ceremony.
Perhaps tobacco was the first mass comforter. In the 19th Century it begins to look as though hats had become mass comforters. Enter the age of mass production in the beginning of the 20th Century. Machine-made cigarettes made the comfort of tobacco cheaper and more accessible.
Israel's prime minister has warned the agreement is a "historic mistake" Six-month interim deal agreed in Geneva prompted a fall in oil prices on Monday. In return, Tehran has agreed to a series of measures. Key points of the deal include:. Iran will not be allowed to increase its
NHS Highland said it had acted to address the concerns raised by MSPs. It said it wanted to ensure both its finances and governance met "the highest standards" The committee said NHS Highland and its largest hospital continually overspent.
Car dragged for several hundred metres after being struck by Paris-bound train. Woman managed to escape from the vehicle prior to the collision. None of the 34 passengers on the train were hurt.
Amina Ali Nkeki, 19, was found with a baby by an army-backed vigilante group. She was one of 219 pupils missing since they were abducted in April 2014. They were taken by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Northern Ireland are to play Poland, Ukraine and Germany in France in June. On Tuesday, the IFA said it was "inundated" with calls from angry fans. Fans ranked near the top of the IFA's 'priority list' missed out on tickets. A points system had been put in
It is the largest ever contingent of Scots in a Great Britain team for an overseas Olympics, surpassing the previous record of 31 in Beijing in 2008. Scots will compete in 15 of the 42 sports in Rio. There are defending champions in tennis star Andy Murray and rowers Heather Stanning and Katherine Grainger.
BBC says relatives of staff working outside Iran have been targeted. Iran accused BBC of inciting unrest after disputed 2009 election. BBC Persian broadcast online videos and interviewed protesters.
Jones said Wales was ready to support the UK government in welcoming children. Home Office said its priority was to ensure the safety of children in Calais camp.
Poaching has been linked to rebel groups in the region. Gourma elephants migrate around 600km (370 miles) a year to feed. Northern Mali has been a flashpoint of conflict since Mali's independence.
Colonel-in-chief will attend parade at the home of Welsh rugby. The presentation of new colours will be the final formal recognition of The Royal Welsh.
Anastasia Deyeva, 24, has been appointed a deputy interior minister. Some Ukrainians think she is not qualified for the job. "The main thing people have against her is that she's young," says her boss.
Anna Egginton-Murray worked at Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust. She said there was a list of prisoners with 'unmet needs' The trust denied the list's existence and said severe cases were treated. Ministry of Justice declined to comment when contacted by the BBC.
Hibernian have lost their last four league games in all competitions. Falkirk are now six points clear at the top of the Scottish Championship. Alan Stubbs has given his players time off during the international break.
A public inquiry has been launched into the activities of the police. It follows a steady stream of allegations about the use of undercover officers. Here, we look at seven key themes and allegations that lie in the road.
BT and EE are also planning to merge. Ofcom has previously cast doubt on this merger winning regulatory approval. Now, it looks unlikely to begin before the summer - with the European Commission's judgement on the O2-Three merge expected in May.
The PRI is set to win about 30%, with the conservative National Action Party on about 22%. On current projections, the PRI will see its number of seats drop slightly. The run-up to the poll was marked by violence with drug cartels blamed for the deaths of several candidates.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is out of contract with Paris St-Germain at the end of the season. The Sweden striker could follow former manager Jose Mourinho to Old Trafford. Football finance expert Rob Wilson says Ibrahimovic would be United's most marketable player since Cristiano Ronaldo.
The roll-on roll-off vehicle and passenger vessel is the third of its type to be built for CalMac. It will use a low-carbon hybrid system that combines traditional diesel power with electric battery power. The vessel's sea trials are scheduled for April 2016 and it will enter service in the
With only a few days to secure a university place, good advice is crucial. Experts Alex Neill of Which? University and Tom Laws of the National Careers Service are on hand to offer personalised advice.
The Dow Jones was down 178.84 points or 1.03%, at 17,425.03. The S&P 500 was down 0.95% at 2,043.86, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite was 1.15% lower at 5,007.41. Shares of US oil giants Chevron and Exxon
Mr Cameron told the BBC he would not serve a third term as PM. Mr Cameron has tipped Theresa May, George Osborne and Boris Johnson. But Mr Duncan Smith said there would be a leadership contest at some point.
Insecurity was a running concern in many parts of the continent in 2013. The most high-profile terror incident of the year took place in Kenya in September. 2013 was also the year US President Barack Obama returned to the continent.
Sheikh Obeikan was an adviser to the royal cabinet. He opposed moves to relax gender segregation.
4,000 of Fresh & Easy's 5,000 employees are to transfer to the new business as part of the deal. Tesco said this is an "orderly and efficient exit from the US market" It is understood the remaining 50 shops will be closed.
Len Richards is currently the deputy chief executive for South Australia Health. He moved from the UK to Australia in November 2013. CVUHB chair Maria Battle said he brought "broad international" experience to the role.
Dean Shiels played for League of Ireland champions Dundalk last year. FC Edmonton will begin their NASL season in early April.
Kanye West played a snippet of Four Five Seconds at the iHeartMedia music summit on Wednesday. It's yet to be confirmed if the song will appear on an album by any of the artists. It follows West's own collaboration with McCartney at the beginning of the year.
Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts has been replaced by his deputy. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said Kevin Davis would take over for an interim period. The city has seen a sharp increase in violence since Freddie Gray's death. Six officers were charged over the death of the 25-year-old black man
Nearly 49,000 items were dispensed in England in 2016. In 2014 the figure was about 37,000, and in 2012 it was 27,000. Experts say the drug is extremely effective and appropriate to use.
Last month the army freed 39 captives, mostly women and children. Some of the captives said they had been seized some 30 years ago.
Kevin Whyman, 39, was killed in the crash at Oulton Park, Cheshire. TV and radio presenter Chris Evans, who created the event, said police advised it would be best to carry on. A minute's silence has been held at the festival site and visitors stopped to pay their respects
The drone targeted his vehicle in a remote area of south-west Pakistan. Pakistan's government said on Sunday the drone strike was a violation of its sovereignty. There have been conflicting reports from the Taliban.
Donald Trump will give his first national security address on Afghanistan. He has said he has reached a decision after reviewing war options. There are currently 8,400 US troops in the war-torn country. Mr Trump has previously called for a full US pullout.
A bounceback for US shares helped the benchmark FTSE 100 index to close 82.91 points or 1.35% up at 6,229.01. Ryanair was a strong performer, up 5.2%, after it said profits would be 25% higher than thought.
Ricky Burns became the first Scot to win world titles at three weights. He beat Italy's Michele Di Rocco at Glasgow's Hydro on Saturday night. Burns will take immense satisfaction at being only the third British-born fighter to be a three-weight world champion.
Some 65,000 Rohingya fled to Bangladesh as the military searched for those behind attacks on police border posts. Many of those who fled described rapes, killings and other abuses by the army. But the military said its own investigation found the claims were "false and fabricated"
Every victim who reports a crime is entitled to write a statement about how the offence has affected their life. If a suspect is convicted in court, a victim statement can be read out before sentencing. But Baroness Newlove said only 15% of victims given the chance in 2015/16. She said there had been
Helen Garner won the Windham-Campbell prize for her body of non-fiction work. The prize is one of world's richest literary awards, according to reports. She is also the author of novels and screenplays, including 1977's Monkey Grip.
Adolf Hitler's anti-Semitic race laws stopped Ingeborg Rapoport receiving her PhD. Hamburg University has now awarded her the doctorate that the Nazis stole from her.
Steve Sidwell will join Stoke on a two-year deal on 1 July. The 31-year-old was Fulham's top scorer in 2013-14. Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes says Sidwell was much in demand.
Marjory Stewart, of Bellshill, Lanarkshire, is alleged to have crashed into three other vehicles during the incident in July. She is accused of failing to keep her car under proper control. The case called to Banff Sheriff Court and was continued without plea until next month.
2,500 homes repossessed in April, May and June, down from 3,000 in the previous quarter. This was also a fall from 5,400 in the same quarter last year. Lenders said low interest rates were keeping the numbers down but homeowners must prepare for a rate rise.
In the 2015 General Election, Labour won the seat with 52% of the vote. The Conservatives came second with 15%. UKIP came second this time around.
Local authorities across the East Midlands are facing a funding crisis. Cuts in central government funding threaten the services they provide. Labour have protested that 83% of councils getting funding are Conservative-run.
The 33-year-old Worcestershire opener takes over from Glamorgan wicketkeeper Mark Wallace, who retired on 10 February. Mitchell becomes the 14th PCA chairman since its creation in 1967.
Brighton-based Responsible Travel says zoos are 'irreparable relics of the past' Most of the zoos involved in the firm's decision are in southeast Asia. It stopped offering elephant rides about 18 months ago.
Lionel Richie will play 20 shows in Las Vegas next year. The 66-year-old said the decision was made after consulting his son. cheapest tickets, which go on sale on Friday, start at $59 (£38)
East Sussex Wildlife Rescue has rescued 25 birds in the last 12 months. A fishing hook had to be removed from a swan's tongue in the latest incident. Anglers need a permit to fish at Ditchling Common Country Park.
Every moment of every Test was a defining moment in the British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand. The most significant moment was Sonny Bill Williams' red card in the second Test. Warren Gatland's decision to field the back three of Liam Williams, Watson and Elliot Daly was a surprise.
Kent Police said paedophile hunter activities can hinder investigations. Det Ch Supt Tom Richards said it also diverts resources away from cases involving real children.
Swansea dropped to 17th place after the loss and are three points clear of the relegation zone. The Swans have let in nine goals in their past four games. Paul Clement's side also have the league's worst defensive record.
The fire started at South Wales Wood Recycling in Heol Llan, Coity. Firefighters from Pencoed and Bridgend have isolated the burning material. The company said the "circumstances were suspicious"
In Uig, where many complaints have been raised, the toilets have been out of order. Highland Council said it was seeking quotes for the repair work needed.
Ceisio stopio ei Vauxhall coch, rhag rholio i lawr y ffordd yn ei chartref ger Castell Newydd Emlyn, Ceredigion.
Haddad was voted forward of the year after scoring 24 goals last season. The 28-year-old played the role of a power forward as Devils won the Elite League. Haddad will also be a vital part of Devils' Champions Hockey League campaign.
Moeen Ali scores 84 as England declare first innings on 490-8. England lead by 321 runs and need 10 wickets on final day to win. West Indies need an unlikely 317 runs for victory.
Culture committee report concludes that Mr Murdoch exhibited "wilful blindness" to what was going on in News Corporation. But committee was split six to four with Tory members refusing to endorse the report and branding it "partisan"
An appeal has raised over £275,00 to help the couple stay in their home. Mr Bennet, 57, had been fighting a brain tumour since 2013. Mrs Bennet, 50, a primary school teacher, died five days later.
The RMT union began the 72-hour walkout on New Year's Eve. The planned six-day strike involves train drivers from both unions. Most routes are expected to have no services.
Fe gysylltodd teulu Elen Jones, 36 oed a'i mabwyth oed, Lewis Rhys Jones gyda'r heddlu i ddweud nad yw'r ddau wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawr
The judge said the case was being deserted after a matter arose. Rachid Lamrabet, 42, denies sexually assaulting a 25-year-old man. He is accused of engaging in consensual sexual activity with his alleged victim.
About 70 assistant nurses in Sweden had their days shortened for an experiment. The trial was designed to measure well-being in a sector that's struggling to recruit enough staff to care for the country's ageing population. During the first 18 months of the trial the nurses working shorter hours logged less sick leave
The firm successfully completed operational trials of the Train 2 unit ahead of it receiving shale gas ethane from the US this autumn. New docks and a new pipeline network have been built to receive the gas.
The 21-year-old has yet to make a first-team appearance for the Eagles. He has made 32 league appearances for clubs including Port Vale, Yeovil and Gillingham.
11-month-old Harmonie-Rose Allen has a rare form of meningococcal septicaemia. Her family want to raise money to help with her care.
The 28-year-old has spent the past four years with Danish top-flight club AGF Aarhus. Eckersley made a solitary first-team appearance while at Old Trafford. He had loan spells at Royal Antwerp, Brondby, Barnsley and Port Vale.
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton pledges'steadfast support' for Japan's reconstruction. Tokyo Electric Power Co aims to reduce radiation leaks in three months and to cool the reactors within nine months.
Liberty has assembled a team of advisers and financial backers. Last month it acquired Tata Steel's plants in Lanarkshire. Tata has not publicly set a deadline for any deal.
France proposed senior diplomat Laurent Stefanini for the post in January. The Vatican is yet to approve such a new ambassador. Most Vatican appointments are confirmed within six weeks.
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties in Scottish League Cup semi-final. Stuart McCall gives his verdict on the Ibrox side. Pat Bonner rates Ronny Deila's Celtic team.
Jeremiah Regis, aged two-and-a-half, was found injured at an address in Wolverhampton on November 20. Sindyann Regis and Chevaze Mcgregor appeared at Wolverhampton Crown Court on Friday charged with murder. The court heard Jeremiah was found with more than 100 injuries, including a bite to
Walker was a passenger in a Porsche a friend was driving when it crashed. The car hit a pole and burst into flames, killing Walker and Roger Rodas. Meadow Walker, 16, has filed a wrongful death case against Porsche. She alleges the carmaker took safety shortcuts, according to reports.
The San Pablito fireworks market in Tultepec exploded on Tuesday. The market has been burned to the ground three times in the past decade. Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto visited survivors in hospital.
Two separate US teams have found success with an approach that homes in on a stable part of the flu virus. That should remove the problem with current flu vaccines which must be given anew each year. Studies are now needed in humans to confirm that the method will work in man.
There are 56 cases involving 97 deaths, 22 of which are more than 40 years old. They include killings by police officers and soldiers, and others where there are allegations of state collusion. As the review got under way in Belfast, the time taken by police to disclose case files was highlighted as an obstacle in
Zoe Cryer was in Sri Lanka with her family when the tsunami hit. They were staying in an idyllic beach village called Unawatuna in Galle district. She saw rooms full of mud and fish and people came up to a temple with dead bodies. Louis Cryer's brother Felix was the first
The government wants migrants to wait four years before they can claim tax credits. The aim is opposed by many EU countries - particularly in eastern Europe. PM has indicated he would consider other ways of reducing migrants' incentives.
The premiere was held in New York on Sunday evening ahead of its opening this weekend. Ben Affleck stars as Batman, with Henry Cavill taking the role of Superman. Affleck was described by some fans as their "favourite Batman" and "the definite Batman"
HMP Pentonville's windows are making it more difficult to control drugs. Inspectors said escapes and the killing of an inmate showed'serious shortcomings' The Ministry of Justice said more resources were being put in place.
Ms Trump will have security clearance and access to classified information. But she will have no official title or salary when she works in the West Wing. She will join husband Jared Kushner, who is a senior adviser to the president.
The Red Lion in Northmoor was put up for sale at the beginning of the year. Locals formed Northmoor Lion Ltd and secured a loan to buy it. 70 people have bought company shares, raising about £300,000. The pub will now be run as a free house by first-time landlords
Facebook accused of 'disproportionate censorship' of users of colour. Coalition wants the site to specify which rule a deleted post has broken.
The Welsh economy would be stronger with an upgrade of the M4. The M4 between Cardiff West services and Magor, east of Newport, is regularly congested. Many thousands of commuters travel between the Severn Bridge and at least west of Swansea to work for companies on those sites.
British Under-23 time-trial champion will compete in title-winning event and women's road race. Mel Lowther, the Under-23 national road race champion, will also compete in both disciplines. Alice Barnes, Ellie Dickinson, Lucy Shaw and Abi Van Twisk complete road race line-up.
Shane Long's first-half goal looked set to give the hosts victory before Luuk de Jong's late equaliser. Harry Arter was named man of the match after winning only his second cap.
Karen Carney, Fran Kirby, Drew Spence and Eniola Aluko score for Chelsea. Caroline Weir and Emma Lundh's second-half strikes give Liverpool hope. But Kirby and Spence both add goals to restore the three-goal lead. Emma Hayes' side face Arsenal in the Women's FA
Police will have right to use firearms against demonstrators carrying petrol bombs. Critics say that could mean a firecracker or a simple slingshot. Governors - who are appointed by the government - would be given the right to order police investigations.
Poet Thomas was staying in the renowned hotel before his death in 1953. Now developers are about to refurbish the building which will affect layout. Geoff Haden, who restored the poet's Swansea birthplace, is appealing for help.
America is the number one country for youth participation in football. More than three million youngsters were registered to play in 2014, compared with just 103,432 in 1974. Major League Soccer matches now have a higher average attendance - 19,148 in 2014.
Lego was criticised for not asking customers what they want to use the bricks for. But should a business be picky about whom it sells to? The problem is that selling as much as you can to anyone can have unintended consequences.
More than 70 people are also under investigation in the inquiry led by prosecutors in the southern town of Catanzaro. Those detained include players and directors from around 30 clubs from Italy's third and fourth divisions. Police said that some of those charged had links to mafia organisations.
Welsh health commissioner has branded antipsychotic drugs a 'national scandal' Health boards and care homes have said changes are being made. Antipsychotic drugs are primarily used to treat conditions such as schizophrenia.
Tensions raised by the Belfast union flag dispute prevented any mid-term détente. The big prize Stormont politicians pursue still, the corporation tax was not forthcoming as the Treasury chose to delay any decision until after the Scottish independence referendum.
Cooper, 18, was registered with the National League in time to be part of the squad for Saturday's home fixture against Braintree Town. The Blues under-21 player signed a first professional deal last summer.
Highland Council has a plan to give every P6 to S6 students access to a tablet computer. The local authority said the study also suggested that good teaching coupled with technology could benefit pupils.
Tracy Kearns, 43, of Kinmel Bay, has not been seen since 7 May. On Thursday, a 48-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder. Specialist searches were focused on land alongside Tir Prince leisure park.
HMP Risley in Cheshire reported a'marked increase' in problems since 2013. Inspectors said new psychoactive substances (NPS) were 'undermining prisoner well-being' A fifth of inmates felt conditions at the prison were 'unsafe' Chief Inspector of Prisons Peter Clarke said the findings were 'dis
US officials said Russia staged no air strikes in Syria in the past week. It comes days after President Vladimir Putin ordered the withdrawal of most Russian forces from Syria.
Aaron Saucedo, 23, was already charged with murder in August 2015 killing. Police say they have not identified a motive but believe he acted alone. "Today is a good day in the city of Phoenix," mayor says.
Iran's support for the beleaguered Syrian President, Bashar al-Assad, has been costly in both blood and treasure. invitation to Iran came from the US to join a push for establishing a new political process with the aim of ending the war in Syria, Iran was happy to accept. But Tehran's
Experts warn that the therapy is not yet ready for widespread use. The trial tried to train the children's immune systems to tolerate peanut protein. Peanuts are the most common cause of fatal allergic reactions to food.
Labour says ministers have put 'personal ambition' before national interest. Home Office published a letter from Mrs May to Mr Gove criticising his department. It said her department had failed to act over alleged plots to take over schools. The row prompted the resignation of Mrs May's special adviser Fiona Cunningham
Commercial meaderies in the US have banded together to form an industry group. Mead is classified as wine by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau. It has to be labelled as 'honey wine', which doesn't help combat people's perception of the drink as sweet.
The tunnel near Linlithgow will close from 13 June to 27 July. The closure is part of a £750m upgrade to enable faster, bigger and greener electric trains to run on the line. Train operator ScotRail has advised passengers to add at least 30 minutes to their planned journey times
John Stollery, 58, was one of 30 holidaymakers killed by a gunman near Sousse. The terror attack on June 26 claimed the lives of 38 people. His wife Cheryl said her husband was the most "fantastic man"
Inquiries into the circumstances are at an early stage, police say.
Lib Dem leader says Labour and the Conservatives will create a'shambles' He spoke out during a 'two-day dash' from Land's End to John O'Groats. Mr Clegg refused to be drawn on claims by Lib Dem peer Lord Scriven.
RSPB Bempton Cliffs at Flamborough Head has UK's largest mainland seabird colony. New facilities will bring more visitors and improve access to nesting birds. Site manager Keith Clarkson: "It's been 10 years in the making"
France midfielder accepts violent conduct charge from FA. Sissoko apologised for elbow on Harry Arter on Saturday. Spurs will not appeal against the decision.
CBI has become the latest civil society group to argue that a restructure is required. Independent unionist MLA John McCallister has tabled a bill in the assembly. He argues that his plans would help to move politics in Northern Ireland away from tribal divisions.
Dorchester museum is the only one for regiments of Dorset and Devon. It houses thousands of original and unique exhibits, including Hitler's desk. Museum is receiving money from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Moussa Dembele scored a hat-trick as Celtic beat St Johnstone 5-2. Chelsea were reportedly considering a £40m bid for the 20-year-old striker. Celtic insist no offer has been received from the Premier League leaders.
Hibernian came from behind to beat Rangers 3-2 at Ibrox. Alfredo Morelos had given the hosts the lead after 21 minutes. Ryan Jack was sent off for Hibs, with James Tavernier scoring an own goal.
Operation Anagram was formed by Strathclyde Police in 2006 after Tobin raped and murdered 23-year-old Angelika Kluk in Glasgow. Police said that while the operation was being scaled back it would never end.
Root hits two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first List A century. Steven Mullaney takes three wickets as Bears fall short on 293-9. Ian Bell makes 51, but he was the second of three victims for Mullaney.
Juhel Miah had flown to Iceland with the party from Llangatwg Community. But before the plane took off, he was escorted off by security staff. Local council has written to the US Embassy to express its dismay.
All four say the money was to help Musadikur come back to the UK. The men, from Walsall, West Midlands, deny terrorism funding offences.
The report was commissioned by Stormont's Department for Social Development. Similar schemes operate in the rest of the UK and the Republic of Ireland.
Nadiem Amiri gave Hoffenheim the lead with a close-range finish. Timo Werner equalised for second-placed Leipzig. Sandro Wagner was sent off for kicking Stefan Ilsanker. Marcel Sabitzer's deflected strike proved the winner.
The man, in his early 50s, was flown to the Ogwen Valley mountain rescue team base. He had been making his way down the south ridge of Tryfan when he slipped.
Matthew Knox started for Livingston and is interesting Chelsea and Manchester United. Livingston had only 17 fit players and went into the game with only 17 points. Mark Warburton's side have now gone three games without a win.
Shaun Whiter lost both his legs when he was hit helping his friend change a tyre. Joey Abbs suffered a serious leg injury. Cambridge United will host a Football Family Day on 9 October.
Police said the vulnerable man was targeted by two "despicable individuals" They threatened their 32-year-old victim with a knife before punching him and robbing him. Det Con Stuart Burnside appealed for help in tracing the men.
Forest Green came from behind to beat Tranmere 2-1. James Constable had given the away side the lead. Ben Strevens was sent off in injury time for spitting.
Watson missed matches against France and Wales with hamstring injury. The 22-year-old has been named in England's training squad.
Mignon du Preez hits 116 off 99 balls to guide South Africa to 272-6. Du Preez added 89 for the sixth wicket with Chloe Tryon (52). Ireland had lost Friday's first game by 89 runs.
Southend fire service received more than 100 calls during'very busy period' Six people were rescued after their vehicles got stuck at a flooded roundabout. Roof of the Pearl Dragon restaurant collapsed under the weight of the rain.
Beauty pageants have been popular in the Philippines since they were brought to the country by the American colonial government in the first half of the 20th Century. The recent successes of candidates in international competitions have heightened interest even further. One of the most successful beauty camps is headed by Jonas Gaffud, who
John Rooney put Guiseley ahead with a first-half volley. Myles Weston and Darren McQueen replied for Ebbsfleet. Reece Thompson scored late on to level the scores again.
Relations between the old allies have become strained in recent months. Washington has voiced concerns over the newly-elected president's 'war on drugs' Mr Duterte has called President Barack Obama a'son of a whore'
Supreme Court said UK ministers were "not legally compelled" to consult assembly. Counsel General Mick Antoniw said he was "delighted" by ruling. He said it is likely AMs would get a vote on the triggering process. But he said it will not be a veto on leaving the EU
Hull City beat Southampton 2-1 at the KCOM Stadium. Charlie Austin opened the scoring from the penalty spot. Robert Snodgrass and Michael Dawson scored for the hosts.
Boaty McBoatface is 25,000 votes ahead of the second place, RRS Henry Worsley. There is no guarantee the ship will be given the name that tops the poll. The final decision to be made by the chief executive of the Natural Environment Research Council.
Jermain Defoe has signed a three-year deal with Bournemouth. The 34-year-old scored 15 Premier League goals last season. Defoe spent a season on loan at the Cherries in 2000-01.
Lord Toby Harris will review "capability, capacity and collaboration arrangements" He will report his findings in summer. Strategic review was one of Sadiq Khan's main manifesto promises.
mimeographed document is one of the earliest written records of the surrender. It was issued by Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery after he witnessed the surrender of Nazi forces in northern Europe.
John Whittingdale has been chair of the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport select committee for a decade. One of his first duties will be to oversee negotiations for the BBC's charter renewal. He has previously described the TV licence as "worse than a poll tax"
Ethan McKen, 24, was at the Black Sea resort of Sunny Beach, near Burgas. He and a friend were hit by a wave, earlier on Saturday. Mr McKen was unable to get back to shore.
Jane Fonda received the AFI lifetime achievement award at a ceremony in Hollywood. Actresses including Meryl Streep, Sally Field, Sandra Bullock and Cameron Diaz saluted the 76-year-old Oscar-winner. Fonda's brother, Easy Rider star Peter Fonda, said: "I've never been proud
Devon and Cornwall police have seen a 55% rise in reports of sexual abuse. More than 380 historic allegations of rape involving a child have been reported since 2011. Charity says it has turned away 112 people seeking support in 2015.
Montano was one of six men arrested as part of an investigation into spot-fixing by the National Crime Agency and bailed until April 2014. The 22-year-old had been at Oldham since the summer of 2012.
One of a flock of 13 cloned sheep currently living out their lives on a farm. One of only four (the others are Debbie, Denise and Diane) cloned from the same adult ewe as Dolly the sheep - the first cloned mammal born in 1996.
UKIP leader tells MEPs the vote is an opportunity for the UK to regain its "national self-confidence" He described David Cameron's renegotiation strategy as a "charade" which would yield only "minor" changes. EU leaders will discuss the UK's reform agenda at a dinner on Thursday.
Over the past 15 years, America's fortunes have changed with dizzying speed. Long wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have exacted an enormous blood price. Polls regularly show that Americans recognise that their country's international standing has waned.
Former baseball player Mike Piazza and businessman Giuseppe Corrado have both ended their interest in the bankrupt club. Parma's total debts are nearly 75m euros (£54m), but in order to register for Serie B they needed to clear their sporting debt.
Women's Affairs Minister, Social Affairs Minister and Alphabetisation Secretary step down. They all belong to the Fusion of Haitian Social Democrats party, part of governing coalition. Party leader Edmonde Supplice Beauzile said Mr Martelly's behaviour was "unbecoming"
Olly Murs was a contestant on the show in 2009, when he was runner-up. Caroline Flack won last year's Strictly Come Dancing. The pair previously co-hosted the spin-off show The Xtra Factor on ITV2.
Gavin Roberts, 28, died of a brain injury four days after the crash. Megan Williamson, who started the petition, said "changes need to be made" She wants the speed limit reduced from 70 mph to 50 mph.
More than 40 firefighters tackled the blaze in Albion Terrace, Sheffield. South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue said crews were expected to be at the scene throughout the evening. It is believed the unit was being used to manufacture soft toys from the film Minions.
Daniel Clarke was found lying by the train track in Thung-Kha, Chumphon province. He told police he stepped out to smoke between two carriages when he fell.
Cardiff have conceded nine goals after the 80th minute this season. Neil Warnock's side are currently 13th in the Championship. The Bluebirds drew 1-1 with Birmingham on Saturday.
Nasri was an unused substitute for Thursday's International Champions Cup win over Borussia Dortmund in China. Defender Gael Clichy revealed on Wednesday that Guardiola had exiled some players from first-team training until they meet certain weight targets.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol. James Rodriguez and Karim Benzema also got on the scoresheet. Oscar Duarte scored an own goal for the visitors.
Akufo-Addo of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) obtained more than 50% plus one vote. He will be sworn in on January 7 after a one-month transition period. The 72-year-old retained his 2012 electoral promise to provide free high-school education.
Protests against harassment and roadblocks by police demanding bribes. Local residents joined the protesters and threw stones at police. Some demonstrators are reported to have been beaten up.
Jose Mourinho's influence was huge as Chelsea won the Premier League. They have scored the first goal in 27 out of their 35 league matches. By the end of the season, Chelsea will have broken the record for the most days spent on top of the table.
The blast happened in the town of Velez-Malaga at about 17:00 GMT. Pictures from the scene show severe damage to the La Bohemia cafe. The cause of the blast "could have been a gas leak," the town's mayor said.
Andronicos Sideras denies one count of conspiracy to defraud. Two men who ran FlexiFoods - a meat suppliers linked to Dinos & Sons - have admitted passing horsemeat off as beef. The discovery of horsemeat in processed beef products in 2013 resulted in a series of product recalls.
By 2014 half of India's population will have an identity tagged to a random 12-digit number. The database will accommodate more than 12 billion fingerprints, 2.4 billion iris scans and 1.2 billion photographs. Many of the radical ideas for UIDAI's technology have come from the Indian diaspora.
Policy revealed as part of a legal battle with campaign group Privacy International. PI labelled the policy "patronising" It is the first time the UK has commented on how its legal framework allows mass interception of communications.
The 28-year-old won three out of the 17 stages in his M-Sport Ford Fiesta. He and co-driver Daniel Barritt finished in sixth place overall. Evans was more than six minutes behind team-mate Ogier.
Russia's plan for "de-escalation" zones backed by Iran at talks in Kazakhstan. Both countries support Syrian president Bashar al-Assad. Turkey, which supports rebel groups, also agreed to act as a guarantor. But some delegates from the rebel forces angrily rejected the plan.
Mooboo Bubble Tea was attacked on social media and by campaign groups. A petition to demand it pay staff properly collected more than 40,000 signatures. In a statement, Mooboo said trainees would now be paid "company set levels"
Thomas Waldrom scored a hat-trick for the Chiefs. Jack Nowell, Mitch Lees and Moray Low also crossed for Exeter. Wasps scored tries through Frank Halai, Ashley Johnson and Lorenzo Cittadini.
FBI said Siale Angilau, 25, rushed towards witness with a pen. Witness was not injured and was testifying about gang initiation. Witnesses said at least six shots were fired in Salt Lake City courtroom.
Leighton Andrews said Labour needed a leader to win elections. Fellow ministers Vaughan Gething and Ken Skates back Andy Burnham. Three Labour AMs back Jeremy Corbyn, while Liz Kendall has no support. First Minister Carwyn Jones has not named his preferred candidate.
Equality and Human Rights Commission expresses concern about hate attacks. It calls for "accurate information and respectful debate" from politicians. Home Office said extra money had been allocated to tackle hate crime.
Originally a term for the city's poor who scraped a meagre living by scavenging in the river's mud, it has been adopted by a new breed of treasure hunters. These men and women show off their favourite finds, and discuss the joys of mudlarking.
Between 2011-12 and 2015-16 the number of patients with psychiatric problems rose by nearly 50% to 165,000. For the under 18s alone the numbers almost doubled to nearly 22,000. Dr Peter Aitken, of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said the figures were 'extremely concerning'
Liverpool City Council condemns The Sun for "blatant lies" about Hillsborough disaster. The newspaper has been widely boycotted in the city because of its accusations. Society of Editors said the council was "stretching towards censorship"
Aidan McAteer pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving. Violet-Grace Youens died after she was hit by a car on Prescot Road, St Helens.
Restrictions were implemented following the 1989 merger of Badgerline and Red Midland West. First Bristol said it "welcomed the decision to review these undertakings"
The Most Rev Justin Welby delivered Easter message at Canterbury Cathedral. He said the attacks risked "causing us to act fearfully, to see a world in which fear triumphs" But he said: "On Easter Day hope decisively overcame fear"
Missiles were fired from Houthi-controlled territory, US says. USS Mason destroyer was not damaged in the attack. Houthi military spokesman says charge is to cover for air attacks on funeral hall.
Ministers admit there were concerns that the proposals were 'unclear' People deemed capable of walking more than 20 metres could receive lower payments. Critics say one third of disabled people live in poverty.
Manager wants more experience in his squad. Newport ended eight-game losing streak with a draw against Colchester. Westley expects Swansea loanee Josh Sheehan to stay at the club.
Aldershot Town beat Portsmouth 1-0 in their FA Cup third round replay. Mark Molesley scored the only goal of the game with 10 minutes remaining. The result means that Pompey are still looking for their first victory in the FA Cup since they defeated Tottenham in the 2010 semi-final.
The book was compiled by the fleet's senior medical officer in 1943. Autographs include Flt Cdr Henry Melvin "Dinghy" Young, second in command of the raid.
Welsh Government's bovine TB eradication programme began in 2008. Since then there has been a 37% reduction in incidents of the disease. About 5% of farms in Wales are currently experiencing problems. Farmers' leaders have renewed calls for a badger cull in the area.
Arrest is the 15th to be made on suspicion of phone hacking since the investigation was launched in January.
Plans for the Ysgol y Berwyn site were originally approved in 2015. But a petition called for a review of proposals that would see the Church own the buildings. On Tuesday, Gwynedd's cabinet agreed to consult on the school's Church status. The Diocese of St As
Mazembe beat Bejaia of Algeria 5-2 on aggregate to win Confederation Cup. They held their opponents to a 1-1 draw in the first leg of the final last weekend. Merveille Bope, Jonathan Bolingi and Kalaba scored for Mazembe.
Human rights group says people were killed simply because they didn't have ID documents. A Malian army officer was quoted as denying the allegations. UN says 7,100 civilians have fled to neighbouring states since 10 January.
Greenwood, 22, featured in the 2015 Women's World Cup. She is the club's eighth signing of the transfer window. The fee, which is undisclosed, is a club record sale for Notts County.
GB were held to a 0-0 draw by Australia in their opening Champions Trophy match. Goalkeeper George Pinner made several saves to keep the game level. The Champions Trophy sees six of the best teams in the world compete in the final major international tournament before the Rio Olympics.
Cardiff Blues built a 14-3 lead with tries by Lloyd Williams and Gareth Anscombe. Hallam Amos hit back before the break, Nic Cudd followed up and they earned a penalty try. Josh Navidi went over as Blues staged a late challenge, but the hosts held on to earn a last-four
Thein Sein took office in March 2011, after the country's first election in 20 years in November 2010. He has led a process of reform in Myanmar, ruled for decades by a military junta. Under his administration the government has freed hundreds of prisoners, including political detainees.
jewellery stolen from Stanley Hunt Jewellers in Gainsborough. Lincolnshire Police are asking anyone who is offered one to get in touch. One person was arrested and is currently on police bail.
Hugh McGoldrick admitted falsifying drug trials on patients with sleep disorders. The former GP was originally given a nine-month jail term and a £10,000 fine. But he appealed the sentence and spent six days in jail. On Thursday, his name was removed from the medical register.
Umar Akmal's unbeaten 56 from 27 balls helps Pakistan reach 168-7. Umar Guptill hit four sixes in his 87 from 58 balls, while skipper Williamson took only 48 deliveries for his 72. The series is level at 1-1 with the decider in Wellington on Friday.
Five-storey windmill in Bursledon, Hampshire, was built in 1814. It is believed to be the only working windmill in England that retains a wooden shaft. Miller said it was "long-lived technology that works as well as when it was invented"
Community union said 250 jobs are to go, mainly at Llanwern, which employs 1,500 workers. Tata said it needed to "reduce costs and focus on manufacturing higher-value products" Welsh government said it would look at how it could help Tata.
Britain's Rachel Joyce finished 11th. Double Olympic medallist Rebecca Romero came home in 11:39:08. Australia's Pete Jacobs won the men's event.
In retrospect it would have been better to challenge the intelligence used to justify the war. But he stood by his decision to join the invasion.
The 23-year-old scored 12 goals last season as Colchester lost in the National League play-off final to Grimsby. Guthrie previously played for Accrington Stanley, Southport, Bath City and Welling.
Sheffield's Brook will fight Kazakhstan's Golovkin in London on 10 September. Brook is the IBF welterweight champion. The 30-year-old is one of 14 current British world champions.
Rosberg was 1.834secs quicker than Kimi Raikkonen on the same'soft' tyres. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat were fourth and fifth. Belgian Stoffel Vandoorne made his debut in Formula 1 as stand-in for the injured Fernando Alonso.
Michael Evans' 119.228mph lap was the fastest Manx Grand Prix time so far. Darryl Field leads the newcomers' section after a lap of 115.09mph.
BHS went into administration last month, with a £571m pension scheme hole. At the time, BHS was owned by Sir Philip Green's Arcadia group. The plans were put forward to the Pensions Regulator for approval, but this was never granted.
Joseph Murphy, 41, was injured in Ballymurphy, west Belfast, in 1971. He died 13 days later in hospital after being shot in the thigh. His family believe he was shot at a military barracks after being injured. Forensic tests have confirmed that the bullet was fired from a military-issue weapon
Chelsea's 3-0 win over Arsenal proves they are title contenders again. West Ham's win at Southampton was as good as it gets. Marcos Alonso's Chelsea debut was against Arsenal, but he is a different player now than he was then.
The 47-year-old was on a practice run for a race in an electric car for the Amazon Prime show when the vehicle burst into flames. Hammond injured his knee and leg and in a blog entry says he had "two sleepless nights and several hours' surgery"
European leaders have expressed shock, but most have said the result should not lead to a panic. Europeans who contacted the BBC have been sharing their reaction to the result. "The main cause of the European-wide unrest is the narrow and miserable vision"
Last month, the board of crofting's regulatory body apologised for its handling of the dispute with crofters. It also asked convener Colin Kennedy to resign. But Mr Kennedy told BBC Scotland he was staying in the post.
Tomasz Galwaz, 29, died after falling from the roof of a warehouse in Birmingham. Mafizur Rahman, 32, pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Birmingham Crown Court. Police said his main priority was to get roof repairs done as cheaply as possible.
Mr Anderson was diagnosed 18 months ago but has spoken about it now. The 83-year-old said of living with the condition: "I've lost my freedom" Thunderbirds was filmed on Slough Trading Estate in Berkshire.
Parents who give up work are given NI credits while their children are under 12. If they return to work, relatives can claim the credits instead. Only 1,300 people claimed the credits in the year to the end of September 2016.
Park between Alum Chine and Southbourne in Bournemouth due to open in April. Includes multi-sports arena, sporting events site and dinghy park.
United Airlines is the second airline to pull out of Nigeria this year. Foreign currency restrictions have made it hard for airlines to repatriate money. The government introduced a currency peg last year that has created a black market for the naira currency.
The 6ft 4in striker has signed a four-year contract at Villa Park. Kozak finished top scorer in last season's Europa League. Aston Villa manager Paul Lambert says his arrival will ease pressure on Christian Benteke.
Shop managers and assistants who break the law could face fines of up to £5,000 and six months in prison. Move follows similar restrictions introduced for larger stores and supermarkets in 2012. Public Health Wales backed the new law and said the restrictions were a "very important development in improving health in Wales"
Sean Dyche's Burnley are currently 14th in the Premier League. The Clarets are close to securing top-flight survival. West Brom boss Tony Pulis has praised Dyche. Pulis believes British managers do not get the credit they deserve.
The missile flew for 45 minutes before landing in the sea off Japan. It is the 14th ICBM test carried out by North Korea in 2017. US President Donald Trump called it "reckless and dangerous action"
Scotland face France in Metz on Saturday. Gordon Strachan's side lost 1-0 to Italy on Sunday. Scotland have failed to reach this summer's Euro 2016 tournament.
Mr Newman was detained in Melbourne on Thursday after entering Australia without a visa. Australia had cancelled his visa while he was still in the US on the grounds that his presence in the country could incite violence. On Friday, Justice Geoffrey Nettle in Melbourne ruled that the cancellation of Mr Newman's visa was justified
For many Americans, The Daily Show has become an alternative way of learning about the world. And Stewart - jabbing his pen, wrong-footing interviewees, delivering impassioned monologues - has been its biggest draw.
He was the only person nominated after the previous leader, Jamie Adams. Mr Simpson won the backing of Conservative, Labour and Plaid Cymru members.
The 25-year-old moved to the Red Rose from Somerset in 2013. Short-format specialist Buttler has scored England's three fastest ODI centuries. Ashley Giles: "Jos is one of the most talented cricketers in the game"
Themes from Star Wars, Jaws and Indiana Jones will be played at the Proms. John Williams' scores will also be performed by the London Symphony Orchestra. The festival will leave London for the first time since the 1930s to celebrate Hull's year as City of Culture.
Turnout was 46.9% - higher than the 39.6% recorded in 2012. Highest turnout was in East Renfrewshire at 57.8% while Glasgow recorded the lowest at 39%. The SNP won 610,454 first preference votes - an increase from 503,233 it won. But the higher turnout meant the party
U.N. humanitarian co-ordinator for Iraq says western Mosul campaign is priority. Leaflets warning residents of imminent offensive have been dropped. Mosul is last major base of IS in Iraq and operation to drive militants from city started in October.
Forecasters said disruption to travel on roads and at sea was likely. Gusts overnight brought a tree down in Menai Bridge on Anglesey. Telford Road was expected to remain closed for most of Monday.
Pressure sensors convert tiny changes in pressure into electrical signals. Materials could be used to create robots that pick up and hold fragile objects. Could also improve minimally-invasive surgery tools.
Three primary schools in the Borders have already been mothballed. The local authority is carrying out a review against a background of 'ongoing financial challenges' It stressed that it was not simply about making savings but also delivering benefits.
Pars remain second in the Scottish Championship after 2-0 win at Ayr United. El Bakhtaoui and Michael Paton scored either side of half-time.
Man injured by accident on'soft ground' near Okehampton in Devon. He was with his 10-year-old daughter at the time, police said.
Patrick Melrose author St Aubyn wins Wodehouse Prize for Lost for Words. The satirical novel takes aim at Booker judges for not reading it. He will be presented with a Gloucestershire Old Spot pig as part of his prize.
The World Cup final will be held at Old Trafford on 30 November. New Zealand are the current holders of the tournament. There will be live TV and radio coverage of all England's group games.
It is the second month in a row the state has exceeded emergency conservation regulation. California has been dealing with record low water levels for four years. Governor Jerry Brown imposed the state's first mandatory water restrictions four months ago.
Sylvester will now join two young female lions in Addo Elephant National Park. The lion's plight was highlighted in a Twitter campaign in South Africa. It is thought he was running away from threatening older males.
The Islamic Center of Boca Raton had planned to host a polling site for the state's primary in August and the general election in November. Officials rescinded the invitation, drawing sharp criticism from Florida lawmakers who said it reinforced religious discrimination.
University and College Union (UCU), Unison and Unite have rejected a 1% pay offer. The unions say the offer represents a 13% pay cut in real terms since 2008. UCU says its members last went on strike over pay in 2006.
Chinese shares fell by nearly 8% after a week of volatile trading. The Tianjin explosions killed 150 people - with 23 still missing. A total of 367 people remain in hospital after the 12 August blast.
Report: Ocean acidification could increase by 170% by 2100. CO2 has already caused a 30% loss of species in some ocean ecosystems. Study will be presented at global climate talks in Poland next week.
Arthur Cave, 15, was found with multiple injuries on an underpass in July. He died later at the Royal Sussex County Hospital. Sussex Police said his death was not suspicious, and the coroner ruled it was "accidental" Nick Cave, 58, is an Australian songwriter and is best known as lead singer
The US central bank has kept interest rates at record low of 0.25%. Chair Janet Yellen said the UK referendum on EU membership was a factor. She said it was important not to overreact to one or two monthly readings. In May, US job creation fell to its lowest level in more than five years
Froome clocked 51 minutes and 18 seconds for the 37.5km stage from Bourg-Saint-Andeol to La Caverne du Pont-D'Arc. There were doubts the stage would go ahead after Thursday's attack in Nice. Tour officials decided to continue with the race, with a heightened security presence
Inquiry told Harry Clarke, 58, had been unconscious at the wheel of a bus in 2010. Mr Clarke told his GP he had fainted in the work canteen at First Bus. But the First Bus doctor was aware this happened while he was driving the bus. Six people died and 15 others were injured
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan hits out at German authorities. They cancelled rallies designed to woo ethnic Turkish voters in Germany. "Your practices are not different from the Nazi practices of the past," he said. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said the comments were "abstruse"
The 26-year-old has only started two Premier League games this term. Guedioura initially joined Wolves on loan in January 2010 before signing permanently at the end of the season.
Toolis ends his partnership with twin brother Ben to return to Australia. Backs Jack Cuthbert, Otulea Katoa, Nick McLennan and Jade Te Rure, plus prop Grant Shiells, are also moving on.
Islamic State group has established presence in Yemen since civil war broke out. Group is opposed to government and Shia Houthi rebels who have seized much of the country. Attacks come on eve of first anniversary of Saudi Arabia-led coalition against rebels.
BBC will increase its TV coverage of all 12 international events. BBC will also cover the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio 5 live. The BBC has a separate deal for live coverage of two UK Diamond League events in Birmingham.
17 women elected, making up 6% of new cohort of 290 MPs. Only 16 cleric MPs have been voted in, meaning new parliament will include more women than religious leaders. President Rouhani acknowledged the new record and said: "People chose the best candidates"
Nihar Janga, from Austin, Texas, was named co-champion with Jairam Hathwar, 13. The pair battled for 25 rounds in the final of the national competition. Each received a $40,000 (£27,343) prize.
Former West Ham and Derby goalkeeper Stephen Bywater will stay at Burton. Bywater has not played for the Brewers since signing in January.
About 60% of teachers questioned in a poll said they had faced abuse. Sexist, racist and homophobic remarks were being used by pupils. There were also examples of parents being abusive on social media.
David Smith was on FaceTime to his father when the fire broke out. He was the only one awake and saw the flames out of the corner of his eye. The family escaped, but their dog and cats did not make it.
Swindon are looking to replace Luke Williams who left the club last week. Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald has impressed Swindon owner/chairman Lee Power. Archibald is the longest-serving manager in Scotland's top flight.
The 45-year-old's Honda Fireblade crashed in the opening practice session. Carswell sustained serious injuries in the crash and was taken to Noble's Hospital, where he later died.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters Moscow was tired of the accusations. He said a report released by US intelligence agencies detailing the allegations was groundless. It is the first official reaction from Russia since President-elect Donald Trump received the report on Friday.
The board said it did not expect him ever to return to the firm. Mr Charney's lawyer said many of the statements made were false.
Nye Frankie Newman, 17, died in Paris on New Year's Day. He was co-founder of Brewman parkour group in Guildford, Surrey. His mother Debs Malone told crowd to "carry Nye's spirit with you forever"
The first earthquake near Dingxi city had a magnitude of 5.98. Just over an hour later, a magnitude 5.6 quake hit the same area. At least 5,600 houses in the province's Zhangxian county are seriously damaged.
Reading beat Burton Albion 4-2 in the Championship play-off semi-final first leg. A close-range Joseph Mendes finish put the Royals ahead. Jordan Obita's intended cross doubled the lead. Yann Kermorgant's strike made it 3-0. Ben Turner and Cauley Woodrow replied for
Shelter said the statistics did not tell the full story. It said it was important that vulnerable households were supported. Overall homelessness in Scotland fell by 34% during the same period.
Taylor is expected to fight for a world title in the autumn. Unbeaten Ryan Burnett will fight Lee Haskins for the IBF world bantamweight title on Saturday.
It works by using information from victims to identify violence hotspots. The method has already been adopted by Western Cape in South Africa and Milwaukee in the USA.
Deep learning really took off when it got an infusion of computing at immense scale. It's been accelerated by tackling real-world problems. In the future, machine learning won't just be an add-on that improves performance.
The 20-year-old has only started one game for the Canaries since joining from Coventry City in January 2016. Maddison has spent time back on loan with the Sky Blues and Aberdeen.
German had already won at Burghley and Kentucky. Fellow German Andreas Ostholt finished second on So Is Et. Britain's Gemma Tattersall third on Arctic Soul.
The Sunflower Movement has made many people feel they should have a say in relationship with China. It has contributed to a major defeat for the pro-China ruling party in November local elections. Sunflower leaders say this will advance Taiwan's democratisation and safeguard its sovereignty. But not everyone supports the movement,
Protesters allege Edir Frederico Da Costa, 25, was 'brutally beaten' by police. Bins were also set alight near a McDonald's in Romford Road. Police said there had been no arrests but some officers suffered minor injuries.
Tulip has been covering the outbreak over the past few months. She has been speaking to scientists who are leading the fight back against the virus. Many of you got in touch on Facebook to ask Tulip questions about the new vaccine.
The international anti-corruption summit is aimed at exposing, punishing and drive out global corruption. Political leaders, businesses, sporting organisations, and charities will meet at Lancaster House on Thursday. Mr Cameron says corruption is "the root of so many of the world's problems"
Liam Craig opened the scoring for St Johnstone. Inverness captain Gary Warren was sent off for two bookable offences. Murray Davidson scored a second after Warren's dismissal. Danny Swanson made it 3-0 in the final 10 minutes.
NHS Information Centre data shows more than eight out of 10 newborns are now breastfed at least once after birth. Experts said the increase was welcome and partly due to public awareness that "breast is best" for mother and child. But the figures do not reveal how many mums stick at it for the recommended first six
Leo Tolstoy's War and Peace averaged 6.3 million viewers. It was up against ITV's Endeavour and spy drama Deutschland 83. The costume drama has also won rave reviews.
Real Madrid forward picked up his second yellow card of the campaign during Friday's 0-0 draw with the Republic of Ireland in Dublin. Bale will miss one game through suspension, the visit to Group D leaders Serbia on June 11.
Pavlina Pizova said she and Ondrej Petr began hiking the Routeburn track in Fiordland National Park on 26 July. After one night in the open, Petr, 27, slipped in a steep ice slope and died. She said she spent the night with his body before moving on to
Former Spanish colony was annexed by Morocco in 1975. Since then it has been subject of a long-running territorial dispute. A 16-year-long insurgency ended with a UN-brokered truce in 1991.
Donnelly shaded a split decision against Algeria's Zohir Kedache. He will now face world champion Mohammed Rabii of Morocco in the last eight. Donnelly won bronze at the Commonwealth Games in 2014.
The Sun Dial restaurant, where the incident took place, has reportedly been closed until further notice. Employees managed to dislodge the boy, who suffered crushing injuries to his head and brain. The death has been ruled accidental.
Italy is struggling with a huge surge in migration, with nearly 6,000 people rescued from the sea just this weekend. More than 50,000 people have arrived in Italy this year, most of them setting sail from Libya aboard unsafe vessels. Leaders in Lombardy, Liguria and Veneto warn they cannot accept more migrants.
Polish foreign ministry summoned Russian ambassador to explain comments. Andreyev said Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War II. He said Soviet invasion was to ensure the safety of the USSR. Polish PM Ewa Kopacz condemned the Nazi-Soviet carve-up of her country.
The book upholds the right to ridicule religion. It was finished two days before Charb was killed by Islamic militants. He and 11 others were killed during a Charlie Hebdo editorial meeting.
Operation Calderdale16 was its biggest ever live training exercise. The Environment Agency has eight flood sirens to warn the upper Calder valley when rivers are expected to flood.
The Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge will connect three different places on the coast. The world's heaviest crane ship was used to hoist the 6,000-tonne piece of concrete into place.
Vincent Uzomah, 50, was attacked at Dixons Kings Academy in Bradford. He was stabbed once in the stomach with a knife during a science lesson. The teenager was arrested in the city centre following an extensive manhunt.
The Tower Blocks - Our Blocks project has been described as a 'Domesday Book' of the UK's post-war reconstruction. It will include images of towers which have been demolished over the past 30 years. Glasgow's Red Road flats and Gorbals housing schemes will be among the multi
Judo star was badly injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam last month. She was flown back to Scotland this week and is in hospital in Edinburgh. On Thursday, her parents said she had opened and her eyes and said "Hi"
David Davis rebuffed Nicola Sturgeon's calls for Holyrood to be given powers over areas such as immigration as part of any deal with Brussels. The Conservative politician was in Scotland a day after the Scottish government published its draft independence referendum bill. He met his Scottish government counterpart Michael Russell for talks.
The code could be used to create a'signature' for CIA malware. The information is part of a larger cache about CIA hacking tools that started to be released last month.
Pages from a 13th Century text of the holy book of Islam were purchased by the council in 1951. Conservator Richard Hawkes said: "This is the earliest example of paper that I have worked on" The pages mainly show surahs (or chapters) 29 and 30.
Mitch Rose put the Stags ahead just four minutes into the second half. Matt Green almost broke through in the 32nd minute only to see Russell Griffiths get down well to his right to turn away his low drive. Cheltenham striker Danny Wright missed a couple of chances to win it in stoppage time as Mansfield heads
The Scot dug deep to claim a 2-6 6-4 7-6 (7-4) victory in a match that lasted two hours 59 minutes. He recovered from two breaks of serve in the third set. Murray now faces Austria's Dominic Thiem in the last four.
The drilling rig was destined for a yard in Turkey to be decommissioned when a towline broke. It is now temporarily anchored in the island's Broad Bay where divers will inspect the structure. But councillor Angus Campbell has said it could remain longer term. He has written to the rig's owner,
The 33-year-old goalkeeper was busy in a 3-3 draw, his first taste of the Champions League group stage. He was playing after Dorus de Vries picked up an injury at the weekend. Gordon lost his place to summer recruit De Vries in mid-August.
Sutton opened the scoring after 13 minutes when Roarie Deacon fired in. Nine minutes later they were two up when Maxime Biamou headed down for Jamie Collins to volley in from 10 yards. North Ferriby pulled a goal back three minutes into the second half when Robbie Tinkler ran into the area, evading
President Juan Manuel Santos said the authorities do not know how many people are still missing. Heavy rains caused the river Liboriana, in the town of Salgar, to burst its banks.
Ormsby had already agreed to join Huddersfield for the 2017 season. The 23-year-old scored 29 tries in 42 games for Warrington.
Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics.
By 2018 high-speed trains will run from Reading, through central London to Abbey Wood and Shenfield in Essex. The £14.8bn project's 1,000-tonne boring machine has broken into the eastern end of Liverpool Street Crossrail station.
Ivor Bell, 77, was a senior leader in the Provisional IRA in the 1970s. He has been charged with aiding and abetting murder and membership of the IRA. The Belfast mother-of-10 was taken by the IRA from her flat in December 1972.
Jared Payne is still struggling with a hamstring injury picked up in France. Ireland team manager Mick Kearney said Payne is 'waiting and see' Mike Ross and Cian Healy are available to bolster the scrum. Keith Earls and Simon Zebo are included after starting against Wales.
Abu-Zakariya al-Britani detonated a car bomb at an Iraqi army base. He is believed to have been originally known as Ronald Fiddler. Fiddler, 50 and from Manchester, was sent to Guantanamo Bay in 2002.
The 29-year-old centre-back turned his left ankle during last Saturday's 4-0 win over West Brom. Vertonghen has played in 20 out of 21 league matches this season. Pochettino unsure as to when attacking midfielder Erik Lamela will return to action.
Mrs Foster and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness highlighted five key priorities to the prime minister. They said Northern Ireland was unique as the only part of the UK that has a border with an EU member state. During the referendum, Mrs Foster's Democratic Unionist Party campaigned in favour of.
Sports Direct has been under fire over zero hours contracts. Independent shareholders had called for changes to the way the company was run. Sources told the BBC Mr Ashley is a permanent replacement, not temporary.
Muslims in Las Vegas have condemned the murders of 14 people in California. They spoke of the violence and the backlash against Donald Trump. The Republican presidential candidate responded to the killings by proposing the suspension of all Muslim immigration to the US.
England beat Pakistan by 25 runs in first Test in UAE. Adil Rashid took five wickets, including Misbah ul-Haq and Wahab Riaz. Jos Buttler and Ben Stokes both fell in chase of 99 runs.
Ma Long, Jike Zhang and Xu Xin defeat Koki Niwa, Jun Mizutani and Maharu Yoshimura 3-1. Germany beat South Korea 3-1 to take the bronze medal. China have now won 28 table tennis golds at the Olympics.
Prince Charles and Camilla will travel to Australia and New Zealand in November. The 12-day tour will take in 12 different towns and cities across the two countries. It will be the 15th time the Prince of Wales has visited Australia.
BBC analysis suggests 195 out of 402 official bathing waters are patrolled. The National Water Safety Forum said it was 'impractical' for every beach to be covered. Seven men died in two incidents at Camber Sands in East Sussex in summer 2016. An inquest concluded the men may still have drowned even if
Ifill was best known for moderating Washington Week in Review and PBS NewsHour. She had been absent for last week's election coverage due to health issues. President Barack Obama offered his "deepest condolences" from himself and the first lady.
Children's laureate is chosen by a panel of judges from the book world. It comes with a bursary of £15,000, not to mention a shiny, silver medal. Malorie Blackman revealed that she spoke to over 20,000 teenagers.
Bruce has been without a club since leaving Hull in July. Roberto di Matteo was sacked by Championship club Aston Villa on Monday. Bruce has experience in the division and still lives in the area.
Children as young as 10 were involved in the violence, police say. Petrol bombs and a pipe bomb were also thrown by rioters in the Ardoyne area. About 100 officers used water cannon and baton rounds. Prime Minister David Cameron described the violence as "unacceptable"
James Flanagan, 35, has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm. Mr Carter, 36, was found with head injuries in Bethnal Green on Friday. His wife Gemma said: "He's heavily sedated because they're waiting for the swelling on his brain to go down"
The 22-year-old spent much of the 2015-16 season at Chester. He made 22 league appearances for the Blues. Jon McCarthy's side beat Dagenham 3-0 on Tuesday.
Hibernian move nine points clear at the top of the Scottish Championship. Lewish Toshney was sent off in the 75th minute. Jason Cummings scored the only goal of the game.
The beauty company employs about 120 staff in Paris. It supports 11,000 representatives who visit customers in their own homes. Workers' council challenging company for not following proper redundancy process.
Mercedes, Red Bull and Williams showed off their new designs in Jerez. Eight teams are in discovering whether the months of design work on revising their machines has paid off. Force India have missed the test because their 2015 car is late.
The A547 at Meliden, between Rhuddlan and Prestatyn, was closed after the collision. The child was taken to hospital, with the extent of his injuries not yet known. Traffic had resumed on the road after 16:00 BST.
The cascade will be shown at St George's Hall in Liverpool and Woodhorn Museum. Yorkshire Sculpture Park will host the arch segment, also known as the wave. The installation, which marked 100 years since the start of World War One, drew more than five million visitors.
Sir Jeffery Amherst was the commander-in-chief of the British army in pre-independence north America. He is said to have approved the wiping out of Native Americans by deliberately giving them smallpox via infected blankets. In Guernsey, where he was governor for 24 years, a school, a road and a former
Kenya's first high-profile athlete to fail a doping test. Jeptoo tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs in September. She says she may have been prescribed banned substances after a road accident.
Rossendale Borough Council's development control committee gave the go-ahead for 14 of them. Councillors in Rochdale are yet to rule on plans for the remaining two. Scout Moor wind farm opened in 2008 with 26 existing wind turbines.
Apple was sued in 2014 for allegedly using technology developed by a professor. The patent outlined a way to boost computing performance by predicting how processors are about to be used. Apple was ordered to pay about $234m when it lost the patent case. That sum has now been more than doubled because it continued
Robert Rainey is understood to have suffered a heart attack in one of the stands. Medics tried to resuscitate the 62-year-old Belfast man inside the stadium. His family said he died "doing what he loved best" He is the second Northern Ireland fan to die in France this week.
Harsent won the prestigious £20,000 award for his eleventh collection Fire Songs. It was his fifth nomination, dating back to 1998, but he had not previously won. Chair of the judges Helen Dunmore described Harsent as "a poet for dark and dangerous days"
The 39-year-old has not played since losing 13-9 to Stuart Bingham in April. O'Sullivan beat Judd Trump 10-9 in last year's final to win his fifth UK title.
Gaby Scanlon was celebrating her 18th birthday at Oscar's Wine Bar in Lancaster. She was left close to death after drinking the £3.95 Nitro-Jagermeister. Ms Scanlon, now 20, spent three weeks in hospital, undergoing surgery. The bar admitted health and safety failings, at Preston Crown
Man arrested in Bray, south of Dublin, where he can be questioned for 24 hours. More human remains, including a head and hands, were discovered over a 30km-area on Tuesday. Police are investigating whether the death is linked to a personal dispute.
Watchdog looked at services provided by NHS Western Isles and local authority Comhairle nan Eilean Siar. Inspectors said there were "weaknesses" and "crucial areas for improvement" Care provision was "performing well in some aspects"
Victim had been standing at a bus stop in Glasgow when car pulled up beside him. A young man who was a passenger in the car got out and chased him with a hammer into a nearby park. The car was then driven at him and hit him before two other men jumped out and attacked him with weapons
DR Congo could only draw 1-1 with their rivals in Kinshasa. It put Congo Brazzaville through on the away-goals ruling. In other shocks South Africa, Mali and Algeria were also eliminated.
Celtic fielded a makeshift side in the 4-0 friendly reverse. Rodgers was delighted with the 21-year-old he signed from Manchester City. Nchamt spent the past two seasons on loan at Genoa in Italy.
The new bridge would be built further east of the present crossing. It would be removed along with an embankment. The dualling project is to be completed in 2025.
Cern announced its discovery with pictures showing its scientists using The Force. Others included a selfie shoe, driverless pizza delivery and thought-powered web search.
UKIP got more than 200,000 votes in Wales in May's general election. Party came second in six of the 40 Welsh seats but did not win any. Under the first past the post electoral system, it only won one AM seat. UKIP's regional organiser stepping down and one candidate threatening to sue
Days after the EU referendum, cards with the words "No more Polish Vermin" were left outside schools and homes in Huntingdon. Elena Hrabovenska owns three Polish delis, one in Huntingdon and two nearby in Peterborough.
Brian Buckle of Fishguard was convicted of child sex abuse in the 1990s. Swansea Crown Court sentenced him to a combined 33 years in prison.
Video shows Crescencio Ibarra standing next to his daughter Rubi. He says the idea had been to invite neighbours and friends only. But he has since confirmed he would not turn anyone away.
Alexys Brown, also known as Lexi, died at her home in Weymouth on Thursday. An investigation is under way to discover how she became trapped. It was originally hoped the appeal would raise £2,000.
The project at Ffrwd Farm Nature Reserve, Pembrey, is part of a wider ongoing water vole strategy for south Wales. It is the second release of water voles in the area.
The government announced last year that the FSS would close. Some experts are concerned that an over-emphasis on profits could threaten the quality of science. The FSS analyses evidence from crime scenes in England and Wales.
Cosby said he wanted to act "in the best interests" of the university where he studied. The 77-year-old entertainer has been accused of sexually assaulting more than a dozen women.
Police and coastguard placed a 100m (330ft) cordon around the object. Ministry of Defence confirmed it was possibly some kind of ordnance. Explosive experts are set to detonate the device on Monday morning.
Palaeocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum was a dramatic warming event. It took at least 4,000 years for the PETM warming to take hold. At present, human emissions of CO2 are approaching 40 billion tonnes a year.
Gordon Aikman has motor neurone disease (MND) He was diagnosed at 29. There's neither a cure nor an effective treatment. Gordon refuses to give in without a fight. He's raising money for research and campaigning for better care.
Theo Fages, Alex Walmsley and Louie McCarthy-Scarbrook score tries for St Helens. Justin Horo, Luke Walsh and Tony Gigot score for Catalans. Jonny Lomax, Mark Percival, Luke Thompson and Ryan Morgan cross for Saints.
East Rhyl was hit by severe storms in December 2013. Around 400 residents were forced to leave their homes. Denbighshire Council is set to start work on the third and final phase of improvements.
Arran residents have struggled with poor broadband speeds. Service will be available in two packages, one offering speeds of up to 25Mbps.
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls pledges a "genuine deterrent" Tax avoidance, unlike tax evasion, is not illegal. Tories say it is "feeble stuff" and Labour has no economic plan.
Concussion and spinal trauma are the big concerns, say experts. Each season, children have about a one in 10 chance of getting injured. RFU says physical and social benefits that rugby offers to children "massively outweigh any potential drawbacks"
Hurst Castle was originally built by Henry VIII to defend the coast from invasion. During World Wars One and Two it was used to guard the Solent. English Heritage said it would ensure the site was "protected for the future"
Alison Britton, a professor of healthcare and medical law, will examine report. She will examine the process by which the report came to its conclusions. Report concluded procedures should not be offered routinely to women.
Hundreds of eggs taken from islands in Poole Harbour, Dorset. Birds of Poole Harbour said some were not cleared for human consumption. Dorset Police and Natural England have launched an investigation.
Five people die on the UK's roads in the UK every day. Campaigners say incidents are often seen as unfortunate accidents. Charity RoadPeace says police are reluctant to investigate fatal collisions.
Animal rights are a growing concern in China. There have been frequent calls to treat animals more humanely. The annual festival involves the slaughter of thousands of dogs for human consumption.
Long won gold with a final effort of 170kg in the clean and jerk. He matched the 16-year-old Olympic record in the snatch event. Thailand's Sinphet Kruaithong won bronze with 289kg.
The fee is in the region of £25-30m with the deal believed to be until 2019. Depay tweeted: "Time to set my goals again on winning trophies with Manchester United" Depay played under United manager Louis van Gaal during his time as Netherlands boss.
Oculus is credited with breathing new life into the virtual reality industry. Its headset, the Oculus Rift, hits shelves next year. But today we had a reminder of just how far we are from enjoying fully-immersive worlds.
The 24-year-old became Britain's first champion in the event's 17-year history. Coxsey reversed the outcome from the last event in China by pipping Janja Garnbret to gold. Sport climbing is one of five new sports confirmed for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Donald Skene, 38, was ordered to complete 156 days of his jail term. He was also sentenced to a year's supervision following his release. Court heard he shouted: "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers"
A 43-year-old man was subjected to a "brutal" attack at Century Mill in Bolton. He died four days later in hospital. Four people have been charged with murder.
Driver was attacked as he made a delivery in Willow Grove, Livingston. He suffered a minor facial injury and called police, who are appealing for witnesses. All three thieves are white, in their 30s, of medium build with Scottish accents.
Dr Barry Morgan said the Wales Bill, passed last week, was unjust. He added that Scotland and Northern Ireland were offered "better deals" Dr Morgan is due to retire after 14 years leading the Church in Wales.
Conifer forests have been a familiar sight for half a century in Wales. But at least 16,000 hectares - or 40,000 acres - of commercial forest have been lost since 2001. Forestry industry is estimated to be worth more than £450m a year to Welsh economy.
Environment Agency said it was encouraging but did not "herald the recovery of the species as a whole" The status of the European eel is regarded as "critical", with numbers down by as much as 95% in 40 years.
If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. Mr Khan is one of Bollywood's biggest stars. Several of his films have been huge commercial hits.
David Byrne was a leading member of the Kinahan criminal gang. Gunmen alleged to be linked to the Hutch family took revenge. Eddie Hutch had already been murdered in retaliation.
Millar's fourth-placed finish in the 1984 Tour de France was a record for a British rider. Ride will raise money to develop young Scottish cycling talent.
All-party group calls on UK government to consider devolving immigration control. Could involve Wales being able to set its own visas and migration quotas. Chairman Chuka Umunna MP said immigrants should have to learn Welsh. Currently, there is no separate Welsh immigration policy.
Fewer than 400 so-called neuro-technology patents a year were filed in 2000-09. But that had doubled to 800 in 2010, and 1,600 such patents had been lodged in the US in 2014. Research company Nielsen holds the most neuro-tech patents - with 100. Microsoft holds 89 patents for software that
Patient was discharged home and the bung fell out four days later. It was one of two 'never events' to happen at the hospital in 2016. Northampton General Hospital has apologised for the incident.
Hungary opens main rail station in Budapest to hundreds of migrants. PM Viktor Orban said Hungary would not allow migrants to leave its territory without registering. Migrants resisted efforts by police to get them off the train at Bicske. Germany expects to take in 800,000 asylum seekers this year.
President-elect has said Mrs Trump and Barron will move to Washington'very soon, after he's finished with school' They are not the only mother and child to move into the White House. There have been two sets of school age children living at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Neil McEvoy suggested a "great party political conspiracy theory" was behind matters the committee had investigated. Mr Waters warned against the committee becoming a "circus" He said: "It's imperative it doesn't become a circus"
Molly Wigmore, 76, died in the fire at her Plymouth home in October last year. Devon and Somerset Fire Service said the man was dismissed following disciplinary proceedings.
Wykeham House School was established as a girls' school in 1913. It has about 120 pupils and charges fees of up to £4,100 per term. A new boys' senior school site opened in September 2014.
A collection of artworks by the 83-year-old, from Pembrokeshire, is due to go on show at the Martin Tinney Gallery in Cardiff. They capture intimate observations of family and friends at home and at one of her most beloved spots, Tenby beach. It comes a year after her husband,
Bitfinex said that nearly 120,000 bitcoin were stolen from its exchange platform. All transactions on the virtual exchange have been suspended while the security breach is investigated. The hack is one of the biggest thefts in bitcoin's history.
Gregory will tee off at the Masters for the first time on Thursday. The 22-year-old won the British Amateur Championship last summer. Gregory is one of four amateurs competing at Augusta.
Woman 'live-streamed her suicide' on popular social media app. During the live stream the woman, who called herself Oceane, said she had been raped. Her death has led to a fresh debate in France about how to regulate social media.
Regina Edwards, 52, strangled Priscilla Edwards, 78, with a scarf in February. Edwards, who lived in Plumstead, south London, had a history of mental health problems. In 1995 she was convicted of stabbing one of her daughters in the leg.
Analysts cited last Friday's US inflation figures as having triggered the rise in the dollar. Among stocks, the Dow Jones fell 113.98 points to 18,118.04, while the S&P 500 dropped 9.91 points to 2,116.15. Shares in Time Warner Cable rose 5.2%
The number of people filing for unemployment benefits fell by 98,853. Despite the fall, the unemployment rate in Spain is still the highest in the eurozone. June is the third month in a row that the number of unemployed has fallen in Spain.
Wayne Rooney scores sixth hat-trick of his Old Trafford career. Ashley Young scores two stunning goals. Danny Welbeck, Nani and Park Ji-sung also on target. Arsenal fail to end game with 11 players after Carl Jenkinson is sent off.
About eight people were injured in the blast on Mount Etna, Italy. Lava flow mixed with steam had caused the huge explosion. BBC science reporter Rebecca Morelle was on site filming for a report.
Lord Forsyth said the SNP election result was a'revolution' and could not be overlooked. Former Labour chancellor Alistair Darling said Mr Cameron had the chance of 'building a constitution for the 21st century' The SNP won 56 of the 59 Scottish seats at Westminster last week.
Warren Gatland will step down after the 2019 Rugby World Cup. The Welshman has led Wales to two Grand Slams and become the longest-serving coach in their history. Gatland hopes to coach in his homeland once his current deal expires.
The Lisbon side led 4-0 at the break thanks to goals from Franco Cervi, Raul Jimenez, Pizzi and Jonas. Jonas added a fifth, his second of the game, in the second half, as Benfica won their 36th league championship. Benfica, FC Porto and Sporting Lisbon have won 81 of the
Smith was born with a club foot, and had bones repeatedly broken and reset to correct the problem as a child. He was brakeman for the British four-man bobsleigh team that missed out on a Winter Olympics berth in Turin. Then, a mystery neck injury forced him to give up rowing.
Down got their Division Two campaign back on track with a win over Meath. Joe Murphy's early goal was the ideal start for the home side. Caolan Mooney starred for the Mournemen with three first-half frees.
Labour councillor Ron Stone died aged 73 on Wednesday. He had been a councillor for St George West since 1985. Leader of the Labour group at Bristol City Council said he was 'committed socialist'
The 21-year-old was also suspended for four months backdated to 23 May although three of those months have been suspended until 1 July 2016. Townsend had already withdrawn from the England squad for the European Under-21 Championship. It is believed he was not accused of betting on games he had involvement in.
Man City, New York City, Melbourne City and Yokohama Marinos sign deal with SAP. Club has been at forefront of data analytics. All four clubs will be "speaking the same business language"
Number of Americans with no more than a high-school diploma who said they were "living comfortably" or "doing okay" fell to 60% from 61%. The finding was one of the takeaways from a US central bank survey of more than 6,640 adults published on Friday. Overall, the annual survey showed US
Mr Farron said he did not want to "unpick the theology of the Bible" But he acknowledged it had "become an issue" and wanted to focus on election. He said: "My job is not to pontificate on theological matters"
Barratt said the new sites would "underpin" more than 300 local jobs. Last year, Barratt built 1,390 new homes in Scotland.
Finance Secretary Derek Mackay has said he is "positive" about winning support. Greens have asked for concessions over tax, while Lib Dem Willie Rennie has targeted up to £400m of additional spending. With the SNP a minority government, they will need at least one opposition party to help the budget pass.
Colin Nathaniel Scott, 23, fell into the spring in the Norris Geyser Basin area. Springs in that part of the park, where boiling water runs under thin rock, can see temperatures of up to 93C (199F)
The star wore a Gary Barlow mask as he began playing Could It Be Magic. Shoppers watching the mystery performer were astonished when he revealed his true identity. The 45-year-old entertainer is known for surprising fans - in 2015 he "crashed" a number of weddings.
The fire broke out in a ground-floor flat of a four-storey tenement in Tollcross. One woman was rescued from the top floor flat and eight people were injured in total. Police said there were also reports of an explosion.
MPs voted to reject the bill by 352 votes to 58. The proposal sought to ban all abortions unless the mother's life was in danger. 100,000 people, mostly women, protested against the proposals.
Items worth more than £10m taken in raid at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company. More than 70 safety deposit boxes were ransacked in the raid. John Collins, 74, Terry Perkins, 67, Brian Reader, 76, and Daniel Jones, 58, pleaded guilty at Woolwich Crown Court. They
Leigh Halfpenny's three penalties and a slick Rhys Webb score put Wales 16-10 up by half-time. A disallowed Liam Williams effort and a missed Halfpenny penalty gave Scotland hope that they could recover. Jon Welsh's late try was not enough after Jonathan Davies had powered over.
Briton Chijindu Ujah finished eighth in Brussels in a time of 10.19. American Gatlin, 33, has run personal bests for the 100m and 200m this season.
Ghana has accepted two Yemeni ex-detainees, Khalid al-Dhuby and Mahmoud Omar Bin Atef. The pair said they do not belong to any terrorist group, and have been wrongly arrested for 14 years without any charge. They want to live in Ghana quietly and peacefully, and put their
The result means the Senegalese join Zambia as the only African sides in the round of 16. South Africa and Guinea are already on their way home.
Police said four men carried out the assault at Altcar Park in the Galliagh area. It is believed one of the gang had a handgun.
The 27-year-old was substituted after just 15 minutes in the Hammers' 3-1 win at Bournemouth. Carroll had scored two goals in West Ham's past four games. The striker joined West Ham from Liverpool for a club record £15m in June 2013.
European Ombudsman has called for the EU to tighten rules on commissioners taking appointments after leaving office. Ex-commissioners are free to take up a new role 18 months after leaving. Barroso has said he hopes to bring his EU experience to bear as the bank's London operation deals with Britain's imminent
Jenson Button is out of contract with McLaren at the end of the season. But the 36-year-old says he will not be racing in F1 beyond this year. Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix will be his 305th grand prix start.
Howard suffered the injury in a collision with Posh striker Shaquile Coulthirst. The 30-year-old joined Bolton in the summer from Sheffield United.
The unemployment rate was 4.9%, down from 5.5% a year earlier. Growth in average weekly earnings including bonuses slowed slightly to an increase of 2.3% on last year. The proportion of people in work hit a record high of 74.5%.
Adoption Leadership Board says drop in adoptions may have been influenced by recent court judgements. Board says applications for court orders allowing a child to be placed for adoption had fallen by 34%. There had also been a fall of 54% in the number of placement orders granted by courts.
The move is part of an acrimonious battle for control of the media empire. Independent director Frederic Salerno has contested the move.
Anna Signeul's squad prepare for next month's Euro 2017 finals in the Netherlands. Scotland's home-based players are being funded to go full-time. The governing body hopes to resolve the matter before Tuesday's friendly against Sweden.
torso was found on Monday in shallows off the Danish island of Amager. It has been sent for DNA analysis, but results will not be available until Thursday. Kim Wall, 30, was last seen alive on 10 August as she departed on a trip. Her boyfriend reported her missing after she failed to
Liam Noble gave Rovers the lead in the seventh minute with a deflected free-kick. Miller was in the right place to convert a cross from Aswad Thomas. The striker added a second early in the second half with a coolly-taken penalty. Rhys Murphy equalised before Ross Lafayette restored Dover's
Charlene Walker, 36, suffered a single stab wound at the Darlington home of Julie Gowling in December. The 44-year-old tried to cover up the killing and dispose of the weapon, a kitchen knife, by burying it in a garden. Judge Mrs Justice Jefford told the mother-of-
Research into the CIA's work has thrown up several cases where the agency tried to influence events. Patrice Lumumba became the first prime minister of newly-independent Congo in 1960. US President Dwight D Eisenhower was worried about Cuba following a similar path to Cuba.
The match was due to take place on Thursday but was rescheduled due to a frozen pitch. Ospreys are playing in the second-tier European tournament for the first time. Wales hooker Scott Baldwin is undergoing a head injury assessment.
Highgate School is also considering allowing unisex toilets and open all sports to all pupils. Girls can wear grey trousers, dark blue jackets and ties. But boys are not currently allowed to wear grey pleated skirts.
The Ardglass golfer, a European Tour invite, is three shots off the lead held by American Peter Uihlein. Michael Hoey finished on five over including two bogeys in the last three holes. Ireland's Paul Dunne finished on one over.
Giant 'A' sign 'appeared' on Sonning-on-Thames bridge last year. BBC Radio Berkshire reporter saw the 'pin' and posted an image on Facebook. No-one knows where the sign has come from or who made it.
Some argue that Africans have never had so much artistic freedom. But critics say artists are still subject to tight censorship. So, just how free are Africa's artists to tell their own stories?
Dig was organised by the Belfast Hills Partnership and Queen's University Belfast. First-year archaeology students were given their first chance to explore an ancient site. Archaeologists will now analyse all of the data and artefacts they have found.
Police said the woman was the only person in a northbound vehicle that collided with a car occupied by two adults and two children. The occupants of the car received treatment for non life-threatening injuries at the scene.
Weather warnings in place at Cork airport and power outages reported. Aer Lingus flights to and from Edinburgh, Birmingham, Manchester and Bristol cancelled. Dublin Airport advises intending passengers to check with their airlines.
The husband-and-wife duo overcame Indonesian pair Praveen Jordan and Debby Susanto. It was the Adcocks' fifth straight win over the world number four pair. They will face China's Zheng Siwei and Chen Qingchen in Sunday's mixed doubles final. Badminton is
The 26-year-old made six appearances for the NRL champions last season. Samoan says Castleford sounds perfect to him.
He was being questioned about problems with a Trident missile test last June. He said Seaslug aircraft missile was "fired into Wales" by mistake.
Craig Stevens sold a Boba Fett figure for £15,000 last month. Now he's selling 15 more rare Star Wars figures. The most valuable item is a Palitoy FX-7 medical droid.
Wales host Serbia in a Euro 2016 Group D qualifying match on Saturday. Serbia have beaten Wales twice in the last qualifying campaign. Branislav Ivanovic says Wales will be tough to beat at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Agents with the FBI and other federal agencies were forbidden from recording interrogations without special dispensation. Critics of the old policy said it risked generating false confessions and other abuses. The policy, due to take effect in July, will cover agents at the FBI, the DEA, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms
Lord Bracadale asked by Scottish government to review hate crime laws. He will examine whether laws are fit for the 21st century. Scottish government says it will not repeal the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
The fate of the historical text had been in doubt after the Bible Society in Swindon decided to sell it off to raise money. The society wanted to shore up funds for a new £1m visitor centre inside a deconsecrated church in North Wales. Dr Rowan Williams, the former archbishop of Canterbury who supported
Ukraine is expecting action from their Western allies. The drumbeat of diplomacy has certainly not faded. EU foreign ministers are expected to extend sanctions against Russia. There are few illusions about Moscow's position.
Commission had barred Mr Shafiq on Tuesday under a law that prevents senior officials from the era of President Hosni Mubarak from standing. The commission is due to announce the final list of candidates on Thursday.
Derby are investigating manager Nigel Pearson's behaviour. Assistant Chris Powell will be in charge at Reading on Saturday. Powell says he does not know what will happen next.
The 21-year-old scored seven goals for the Lions last season. He also scored 12 goals while on loan to Ayr United in 2015-16.
Malorie Bantala, 22, gave birth at 32 weeks to a stillborn boy following the assault. Kevin Wilson and a 17-year-old youth allegedly attacked her when she refused a termination. Both defendants deny child destruction and causing grievous bodily harm.
Taylor rose to prominence as a manager after retiring as a player with Lincoln City in 1972. He became manager and coach at the club, winning the Fourth Division title with them before moving to Watford in 1977. Taylor nurtured Watford legends such as Luther Blissett and John Barnes, remarkably finishing second behind Liverpool in their
Japan's shares rose despite a central bank survey showing firms expect inflation to rise 1.4% a year from now. The Nikkei 225 ended up 1.5% at 19,312.79, leading the region's gains. Investors are also awaiting key jobs figures from the US on Friday.
College of Policing guidance is designed to help officers prosecute without relying on victims' evidence. It also advises senior officers about the need for specialist staff to deal with cases of abuse. The guidance focuses on abusive relationship dynamics.
The package includes a £250 Carer's Bonus for those looking after others for 35 hours a week or more. Leanne Wood called for a northern powerhouse for Wales in a speech at Bangor University. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon visited Wales to meet business leaders.
Fidel Castro has remained the same, a symbol of revolution, a communist who has survived the fall of communism. Before surgery took him out of public view in July 2006, he inspired his followers with slogans and five-hour speeches. Throughout his leadership, he railed against the US, its economic and trade embargo
Josh Vela fired Bolton in front from eight yards after Emile Heskey laid Dean Moxey's long throw into his path. Middlesbrough equalised when Jordan Rhodes, who was about to be replaced by David Nugent, home from close range. Rhodes then headed in Middlesbrough's second stoppage-time winner this
Number of celebrity fragrances has rocketed in the last decade. Jennifer Lopez's 'Glow' scent triggered a deluge of deodorants. perfumes ideally have to match the celebrity's image while also appealing to their core audience.
Christopher Meli, 20, was found dead near houses at Glasvey Close. Detectives said he had suffered a sustained and vicious assault. Three teenagers appeared in court charged with Mr Meli's murder.
Theresa May and Bernard Cazeneuve will tour the Eurotunnel site. They will also discuss humanitarian support for migrants. Neither government has given full details of what the deal will involve.
Brace will take on an as yet unnamed opponent for the vacant WBC International bantamweight title. The 26-year-old has won all five of her professional bouts so far.
Papers show drafts of poems Unluckily for a Death and Into her Lying Down Head. They will go on public display at the university's Bay Campus library. drafts include 25 pages in Thomas's minuscule handwriting.
The musical is being performed at Curve theatre in Leicester. Townsend's family have given their blessing to the production.
South Wales Fire and Rescue Service called to Butetown tunnel just after 01:00 BST. A4232 westbound tunnel remained closed after parts of it were damaged in the crash.
Stranraer lost 1-0 to Stenhousemuir on Saturday. The Stair Park club are bottom of the Scottish Championship. Manager Brian Reid has left the club by mutual consent.
Councillor Aysegul Gurbuz suspended by Labour pending an investigation. One tweet on her Twitter feed claimed Hitler was the 'greatest man in history' Another said Iran could develop a nuclear weapon to 'wipe Israel off the map'
Greek officials had been expected to meet representatives of EU creditors in the Greek capital Athens on Friday. But a European Commission spokeswoman later said those representatives would arrive "in the coming days" Separately, Greece formally submitted a request for a new loan from the International Monetary Fund (IMF)
The victim, Zouhoura, is the daughter of an opposition leader. A video of her rape sparked a wave of protests in Chad in February.
Norwich City Council wants to build 60 flats and 45 houses on the site. Elderly residents were moved out of Greyhound Opening in 2008. Senior city council officers moved in and were later sacked.
NASUWT members in Derry City, Strabane, Mid Ulster, Fermanagh and Omagh council areas will strike on 31 January. The union's teachers in Belfast and Newtownabbey staged a strike on 30 November closing a number of schools.
Bill Cosby 77 was to have been streamed from 27 November. It is not clear when or if the special will now be shown. Cosby's lawyer previously said the comedian would be making no comment.
Jeremy Fernandez was abused on a bus by a mother who accused him of touching her daughter. His story has sparked a national conversation about racism in Australia. Racism has been part of the Australian story since 1788.
Isabelle and Stanley Larson, from Oxted, Surrey, were burgled in 2005. The items were recovered by the Marine Policing Unit's dive team. One of the items was a watch belonging to Mrs Larson's uncle.
Raheem Sterling has been heavily linked with a move away from Liverpool. Manchester City made a £25million bid for the winger last week. Liverpool turned down the offer of a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Land Reform Bill will end tax relief for shooting estates and force the sale of land if owners are blocking economic development. The Scottish government had previously said the tax exemption was unfair and must end. Landowners on sporting estates stopped paying business rates in 1994 after being given an exemption by then prime minister John Major'
Refugee Nour met up with the BBC to tell her story. She escaped the city of Raqqa and is now a refugee in Europe.
Mills is Ebbsfleet's first signing since winning promotion from National League South in May. The 26-year-old scored 102 goals for Whitehawk after joining the club in 2012.
Hamburg's new law is described as a temporary, emergency measure. Owners of empty commercial properties will be compensated. Germany expects to host at least 800,000 asylum seekers this year.
Poysden and Mellor have committed to the Bears until at least the end of the 2018 season. The pair have made five Championship appearances each this summer. Warwickshire are still without a director of cricket following Dougie Brown's departure in October.
The Do Not Pay bot currently works in the UK and New York in the US. It asks a series of questions to determine the validity of a penalty notice. Creator Joshua Browder said he hoped it proved bots could be useful.
Barrister turned politician led the Home Office at the time of the poll tax riots. On the right of the party, he entered Parliament in a by-election in the 1960s. He served as chief whip and other roles under Margaret Thatcher. After leaving the House of Commons, he served as leader of
Barriers were installed and traffic is not allowed to drive past the unit. The gridlock also led to people being late for appointments. Cardiff and Vale University Health Board is now planning a direct weekday park and ride service.
Reports suggested more than one iguana was actually filmed. But the BBC has said only one animal was chased by the snakes. Scene quickly went viral when it was aired last year and won Bafta.
Up to £20,000 will be used to repair badly eroded Long Stile. The Wainwright Society was formed after his death in 1991. Fix the Fells said they were 'delighted' to be chosen.
Millwall broke the deadlock in the 35th minute through Byron Webster. Shaun Hutchinson doubled their advantage in the 77th minute. Shrewsbury grabbed a late consolation when Shaun Whalley scored. Millwall are now only outside the play-off places on goal difference.
GoPro's president, Anthony Bates, will quit his post at the end of the year. The announcement follows a series of drone crashes that made the company recall its much anticipated Karma aircraft. GoPro said that consumer demand for its products remained "solid"
Brady wanted to move to a Scottish prison. Ashworth Hospital said he had chronic mental illness. Brady has been on a hunger strike since 1999.
The man died in Inverness on 27 October this year. Police Scotland said it was "fully engaging" with the investigation.
The Reading team says current ice extent is a poor guide to the scale of the eventual September low point. A better correlation is with the fraction of the floes topped with melt ponds - and that metric suggests 2016 will not be a record year.
Liberians beat Algerian giants Kabylie 2-0 in first leg of last 32 tie. Rayon Sports of Rwanda virtually assure of last-32 place after 4-0 win over Al Salam Wau of South Sudan. Ittihad Tanger of Morocco come from behind to defeat Douanes of Niger 2-1 in Niamey.
The Newry firm had been run by its founder Lord Ballyedmond, until his death in a helicopter crash in March. Mr Nagle is currently the chairman of the Dublin-based Sisk Group.
Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Arsenal after 11 minutes. Theo Walcott completed a brilliant move to steer in Hector Bellerin's pass. Mesut Ozil then left N'Golo Kante trailing to expose Chelsea.
Only 90 white lions are thought to exist in the wild. They are usually found in wildlife reserves in South Africa.
Midfielder Kirby has played more than 100 times for Rovers since 2012. Defender Gumbs and midfielder Duggan, both 20 and former academy players, have also signed one-year deals. Defenders Buxton and Ridehalgh have signed contracts until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Both sustained leg injuries in the incident on Thursday. One of the officers has now been discharged from hospital.
Man in his 50s suffered suspected broken leg in first attack on Castle Street. He was taken to hospital after a row on a garage forecourt. A short time later another man and a woman were assaulted in licensed premises.
The tweet was meant to promote a limited edition tie-up with The Trevor Project, a free suicide prevention hotline for young LGBTQ people. June is being celebrated as Pride Month around the world, with parades in Los Angeles, Athens, and Rome among others.
Barbara and Colin Sellins wanted to make sure their funerals were paid for. They have been told it is unlikely they will get back the £4,000 they spent. A Kent Police spokeswoman said they were reviewing the Sellins' case.
Rebels seized presidential palace complex and shelled president's home. President and his government have since offered their resignations. Rebel leader Malik Abdul Abdul al-Houthi dismissed the move as a'manoeuvre'
NFL has partly funded project at a Wrexham-based firm and Cardiff University. Scientists have created an agent to reduce the risk of brain inflammation and infections after a head injury.
Federici was a free agent after the end of his Reading contract. The 30-year-old made 245 appearances for the Royals. He was part of Australia's 2010 World Cup squad.
29 people were killed in the Real IRA attack on the County Tyrone town in 1998. Mr Justice Gillen described the evidence against Colm Murphy and Seamus Daly as overwhelming. The action was taken by the victims' families, who have been awarded £1.6m damages.
British universities employ about 30,000 scientists from EU countries. Prof Ramakrishnan says uncertainty over status is'really detrimental' He says the government has to reassure scientists their status is safe.
Action on Smoking and Health Scotland worked with academics at the University of Aberdeen. They said second-hand smoke contains more than 4,000 chemical compounds. At least 250 of those compounds are known to be toxic or to cause cancer.
Joshua Kimmich stabbed in and quickly added a header as Bayern boss Carlo Ancelotti became the first man to manage seven clubs in the competition. Atletico Madrid won 1-0 at PSV in Group D's other game. Anderson Talisca produced a stunning 93rd-minute free-kick to earn Besik
Scotland beat Japan 26-17 in Tokyo. Greig Laidlaw kicked four penalties for the visitors. Japan coach Mark Hammett believes his side were disrespected.
The 37-year-old led the Robins to last season's Challenge Cup final. He replaces Australian Brian Smith, who resigned last week after winning just one of their first five games. The Wildcats have also announced that Batley and Wales coach John Kear will join the club as director of rugby for the
Glasgow Necropolis is a 37-acre Victorian cemetery east of the city centre. It contains about 3,500 monuments and sculptures. Police Scotland said they only received six reports of crime between April and August 2015.
Prime Minister says there have been cases of "verbal abuse hurled" at ethnic minorities. Police-recorded hate crimes have been rising - but that could be more victims coming forward. No official statistics for reported incidents or racism or hate crime across the UK have yet been published.
Leanne Wood said the four Westminster leaders offered "nothing more than swingeing cuts" She accused the UK parties of giving "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all"
After EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation), the club recorded a loss of £142,659. The club also sold land at the Old Dover Road side of the St Lawrence Ground to property developers shortly after the end of the financial year.
It comes days after IS was pushed out of the nearby ancient city of Palmyra. IS captured al-Qaryatain in August, and abducted hundreds of residents. A monitoring group said there were still pockets of fighting in the town.
Between them, the 66 state-school pupils will receive scholarships worth $17m. US ambassador Matthew Barzun praised the value of such "interconnectedness" There are 10,700 UK students in US universities - up by about 16% since 2012.
Emily, 11, won the Jacqueline Wilson Creative Writing Prize. Her story The Last Sign will now feature in Jacqueline's new book.
Rapper Amarmandakh Sukhbaatar was performing in Mongolia's capital Ulan Bator. Russian news reports said he was hit over the head with a bottle. The Russian embassy said it was investigating, but called reports 'distorted'
Roger Hamer, from Ramsbottom, died from head injuries in March 2016. A month later, a jury at Rochdale Coroner's Court found 'inconsistencies' in the way Bury Council dealt with some road repairs. Mr Hamer's family said legal action had started against the council
Edward Davies, 39, from Hampshire, has not been in touch with family since May 8. Extensive searches involving mountain rescue teams, search dogs, police and a helicopter have been made. Mr Davies, an experienced hillwalker, had planned to climb Sgurr na h-Ulaidh.
Spain qualify for the 2016 Olympic Games with last-gasp win over Argentina. They join Fiji, South Africa, Great Britain, Australia, United States, Argentina, France, Kenya, New Zealand.
Plane crashed in Holme Fen during a 300mph (483km/h) training mission in November 1940. Experts from Oxford Archaeology East and Cranfield University spent five days recovering the plane. Parts will be preserved and put on public display.
Send your photos to scotland@bbcpictures.co.uk. Or via Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics.
Doctor Who actress Karen Gillan is directing and starring in Tupperware Party. It marks a return for the actress to where her fascination with movies began. The film is being shot at locations across Scotland, including Inverness.
A frozen corner at Stade Jean-Bouin meant the game began 95 minutes after the scheduled kick-off time. Waisea Nayacalevu and Julien Arias put the French side 17-5 up at the break. Marland Yarde and James Chisholm went over for late tries.
Juventus defeated FC Porto 2-0 in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie. The hosts saw left-back Alex Telles dismissed after two bookings in a 74-second spell. Juventus broke through when Pjaca drove low into the net five minutes after coming on and Alves finished from six yards 80
Wales face Italy in the Six Nations opener in Rome on Sunday. Luke Charteris has been ruled out with a hand injury. Alun Wyn Jones will partner Scarlets team-mate Dominic Ball at lock. Ball made just one replacement appearance after a rib injury in October.
Red and blue statue was proposed for middle of Brixton, Bowie's birthplace. Campaign needed £900,000 but had gathered £50,000 in pledges by deadline. Organisers still hope to create an "appropriate piece of public art"
Peter Bunyan pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. A witness saw him forcing entry into 84-year-old Brian Robson's house. Police then found Mr Robson with fatal head injuries.
Frankie Raymond scores late winner for Daggers. Amari Morgan-Smith hit crossbar for Minstermen. Elliott Romain tested Scott Loach with fine header.
The Voice will move from the BBC to ITV next year, also on a three-year deal. But broadcaster has agreed a deal with Simon Cowell for both The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent to continue on ITV until at least 2019.
Violence has broken out between England fans, rival supporters and police in Marseille. French police said one Briton had been seriously hurt in the earlier clashes. Witnesses said trouble began in the stadium after flares were let off by Russian fans.
Islamic State militants surrounded minority Shia Turkmen town for two months. Sources say Iraqi Army and volunteer militia entered Amerli on Sunday. But the town remains dangerous because of roadside bombs left behind by militants.
More than $1bn has been raised so far this year in such transactions. Questions raised over how investors are to be protected. Digital coins worth $401m at the time of hacking were stolen last year.
Welsh Lib Dems want to replace tuition fee subsidies with maintenance grants. Ms Williams said she wanted to be "upfront" about what she thought was affordable.
Hamilton's Kirsty Gilmour made it five singles titles in a row with a 21-13 21-9 win over Edinburgh's MacPherson. Gilmour partnered Erskine's Rebekka Findlay to defeat Mac Pherson and Eleanor O'Donnell 21-17 21-7. There was also a first National title for Matthew Card
New Manchester City striker headed the Elephants in front from a right-wing cross by Max Gradel. Hilal Soudani equalised for Algeria against the run of play early in the second half. Gbohouo was rewarded when Bony headed in Yaya Toure's free-kick and Junior Tall
Call of Duty: Black Ops III begins with a mission in Singapore in 2065. Games maker Activision launched a series of tweets, setting up the opening scene for a fictional attack. Many social media users were unimpressed at the way things were playing out on Twitter.
Parasite is estimated to cost the worldwide fish farming industry hundreds of millions of pounds a year. Glasgow team has been looking at breeding resistance.
North Korea is holding elections for provincial governors, mayors and local assemblies. The choice is limited - there is only one candidate on the ballot in each district. In the last local election, in 2011, there was a turnout of 99.7%. Abstaining or voting no are considered acts of treason.
The South East region was conspicuous by its absence in the Budget speech. Measures that had been trailed, such as increasing inheritance tax, are now going to be reviewed. The government created an Urban Development Corporation to drive forward development of a new garden city in Ebbsfleet.
Laura Trott trailed Scotland's Katie Archibald by almost a second at halfway. But Trott showed tremendous stamina to win in a time of 3:33.065. Andy Tennant, riding for Sir Bradley Wiggins' team, retained his men's individual pursuit title. Matt Crampton and Katy Marchant won maiden titles
Martin didn't race at the North West 200 after team-mate John McGuinness crashed in practice. The English rider crashed at this year's TT and the Fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems.
The mayor of San Cristobal was removed from office last week. He was sentenced to 12 months in prison for failing to order barricades removed. At least 39 people, among them both government supporters, have died in protest-related violence.
Scottish government has already ended right to buy for new tenants. Right to buy was introduced by Thatcher government to make owning a home more affordable. Ministers are currently considering proposals to increase supply of affordable housing.
Gallery at RIBA North shows city's architectural past, present and future. Mayor Joe Anderson said it would bring "new tools and innovations" Visitors will also walk through layers of red mesh cut into the shapes of iconic buildings.
The official maximum depth on the current chart for Loch Ness is 754ft (229.8m) But the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said it has no plans to resurvey the loch.
East Ayrshire Council said it would ask permission from the McIlvanney family to name the campus in his honour. The renowned writer was born and educated in Kilmarnock.
Linda Norgrove was working on humanitarian projects in Afghanistan in 2010. The 36-year-old was kidnapped by rebels and was killed during a rescue attempt. Colleagues have told a BBC Alba documentary her captors told her they did not intend to kill her.
Officers kicked and punched activist Ken Tsang as he lay on the ground. Incident caused public outrage during the 2014 pro-democracy protests. Judge said the men had been working under 'immense stress'
Felix Barrow tripped in the road and was hit by a car on his way to school. He spent three weeks in a coma and sustained many broken bones. His parents were told he might never walk again. They have now raised nearly £100,000 for the services that saved him.
Rafferty had battled a drink problem and spent time in hospital with liver failure. He died peacefully at his home in Dorset, with his daughter Martha at his bedside. Billy Connolly: "Gerry had extraordinary gifts and his premature passing deprives the world of a true genius"
Planning permission granted for the new £16m aerospace museum on the former Filton Airfield. Charlotte Callen went on board Concorde 216 or Alpha Foxtrot as it is also known.
The charge for bags was introduced in England in October. It followed the introduction of charges in Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland. One worker said they believed the legislation had a'slight impact'
Two women forcibly separated and under surveillance by Islamic police. They were told they must be beheaded and burned for what they had done.
The men included lawyer and ex-Cardiff City chief executive Alan Whiteley. They were accused of conspiracy to defraud the Coal Authority, Neath Port Talbot, Bridgend, and Powys councils. The case was dismissed and the judge said no law had been broken.
29-year-old was appointed technical director of the Craig Bellamy academy in Sierra Leone at the age of 24. Within 18 months his squad were in the top 50 of the world rankings. McKinstry was offered a safe passage home in July, but refused it.
Scotland will face France, Portugal and Ukraine in Pool A. The overall championship winners and runners-up are elevated to the top tier. Captain Chris Grassick says the Scots head into the tournament buoyed by confidence.
Brothers' house-building business collapsed in 2008. creditors will vote on the proposal next month. In December 2015, the brothers lost a long-running legal battle with Ulster Bank.
Manufacturing failed to boost overall UK growth during 2015 and early 2016. UK economic growth slowed to 0.4% in the first quarter of the year from 0.6% in late 2015.
The fee is more than the £175,000 paid for Birmingham City's Alan Buckley in 1979. Makris: "I will always give my best here and I can't wait to score goals"
Character actor was admired for his wide range in a career spanning six decades. His portrayal of bandit chief Calvera in The Magnificent Seven was regarded by many as his definitive role. He was also successful in light comedy and appeared in many TV shows.
Heather Watson, Naomi Broady, Laura Robson, Dan Evans and Aljaz Bedene complete the British singles contingent. Andy Murray is among six Britons scheduled for day two. Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Angelique Kerber also play on day one.
Counter-Terrorism Bureau urged caution in south-west of India. Said travellers should shun crowded areas like beach parties, clubs, and markets. It did not say what had prompted the warning.
GfK conducted a one-off online survey of 2,000 people after the result was known. Its confidence index fell by eight points to minus nine, a drop not seen since December 1994. 60% of consumers expect the general economic situation to worsen over the next year.
The 13th Century citadel overlooks Aleppo's Old City. Syrian government forces have been using it as a military position. It is not known which side caused the explosion.
Research was based on a long-running field experiment in the south-east Amazon. The team established three plots in 2004 and burned one every three years. They were surprised to find that drought conditions in 2007 triggered the change. Dr Paulo Brando said the abrupt high tree-mortality rates had a
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard in Ely. She was last seen in the early hours of 28 December. Her body has not been found.
A man has been arrested and remains in police custody. Police are investigating the cause of what they say are "suspicious" deaths.
The 22-year-old played for Yeovil in the 2012-13 season and briefly last term. Howard graduated two weeks ago with a major in history and a minor in French.
James Ibori was jailed in the UK for fraud totalling nearly £50m in 2012. He was due to be released on 20 December but instead was held in immigration detention. After he was released he launched his claim against the Home Secretary Amber Rudd for damages for false imprisonment and breach of his rights.
Scotland Supporters Club subscribers were sent an invoice for £170. The email contained a disguised website address for payment. SFA said a third-party email database had been compromised.
Cardiff walker won the 5km at the British Championships in Birmingham. She followed up her 20km victory by setting two new British bests. Davies will be joined by Tom Bosworth and Callum Wilkinson at the World Championships.
Appleyard made his Test debut against Pakistan in 1954. He took 642 wickets at an average of 15.42 for Yorkshire. Appleyard was named one of Wisden's cricketers of the year in 1952.
Michelle Carter is charged with involuntary manslaughter for her role in Conrad Roy's death. Prosecutors allege she drove the Massachusetts 18-year-old to his death to attract sympathy. She has asked a judge to rule on the case, rather than a jury of her peers.
Wales start their Six Nations campaign in Italy on 5 February. Warburton has led Wales a record 49 times since being handed the captaincy in 2011. "It allows me to have a little bit more freedom," said Warburton.
Four men arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and one of possessing a class-A drug. A 25-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital with knife wounds. Another man, 22, is being treated for gunshot injuries that are not life-threatening. The dead man has been named locally as
Kulbhushan Jadhav was arrested in the restive Balochistan province. He was accused of "espionage and sabotage activities against Pakistan" Last month a top UN court told Pakistan not to execute him until it had time to hear a case brought by India. India dismissed the mercy petition and a "
According to the Office of National Statistics, women are still paid 24.6% less than their male counterparts in skilled trades.
Volunteers were asked to act as traffic wardens at Tilbury Pioneer Academy. But the powers were enforced by just one parent, with no penalty imposed. Thurrock Council defended the project, saying it highlighted 'deterrent value' The pilot was introduced after the council said it only had six full-time
Latics lost 1-0 at home to fellow relegation candidates Bristol City on Saturday. Joyce took over in November after Gary Caldwell's sacking. Assistant manager Graham Barrow will take charge for the rest of the season.
Samuel Walker was fatally injured in a hit-and-run as he crossed a road in 2003. Joyrider Nawnee Mackin, 35, was jailed for nine years in November. Car owner Craig Chevelleau, 33, jailed for 23 months after being convicted of perverting the course of justice
Spain's Garbine Muguruza beats Italian Francesca Schiavone at Roland Garros. The 23-year-old won her first Grand Slam title in Paris last year. Caroline Wozniacki battles past Australian wildcard Jaimee Fourlis.
Left Unity says Labour should be 'thrilled' so many people want to join. Comes after report of 'infiltration' of contest to replace Ed Miliband. Labour says it has a 'robust system' to prevent'malicious humble applications' Acting leader Harriet Harman has asked MPs to check for
Coastal town of Coquimbo saw waves of 4.7m (15ft) hit the shore. Hundreds of people spent Thursday night in temporary shelters, while tens of thousands are without electricity. About one million people had to leave their homes after Chile sounded a tsunami alert.
Coventry City moved to the Ricoh Arena in 2012. The club's move from Highfield Road has "torn the heart out of the city" Dave Kaczur has supported the club for 50 years.
The 19-year-old has been with the Shakers since 2013. He scored two goals in 14 appearances last season.
BBC One NI's True North: Keepin' Er Country took the main accolade in the factual entertainment category. BBC Radio Ulster's Saturday morning programme The John Toal Show won the best radio magazine show award.
Consumers save money by doing transactions on a computer or mobile phone. But not when it comes to banking. Customers of UK banks who use the internet pay just as much for overdrafts.
Device discovered by a passing police patrol near Holy Cross Boys' Primary School in Ardoyne. About 20 residents had to leave their homes during the security operation. They were given shelter in a nearby community centre. Police said the lives of the local community had also been put at risk.
Chinese troops have entered what India says is its territory near the disputed border. Some media outlets say the tensions are likely to "undo" the progress made during Chinese President Xi Jinping's India visit last week. Indian shooter Abhinav Bindra won two bronze medals in the ongoing Asian Games.
Staniforth made her Black Cats debut aged 16. Sjoman has played in America, Germany and England.
In recent years, Qatar has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on new homes, a hospital and main roads in the Gaza Strip. It is not yet clear how its projects will be affected by the ongoing row with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab countries. They are trying to isolate Qatar, accusing it of fostering
Proposed timetable changes could have seen four of six services cut. CrossCountry said there would now be no changes to timetables from this December. It followed discussions with the Department for Transport and Transport Scotland.
China and Vietnam are involved in a bitter territorial dispute in the South China Sea. Last week, ships clashed over a Chinese oil rig in disputed waters. US Secretary of State John Kerry has urged both sides to de-escalate tensions. China and Manila are also at odds over overlapping territorial claims.
Cardinals begin series of daily meetings leading up to a conclave. They will discuss future challenges and discreetly weigh up possible papal candidates. The election process comes after Pope Benedict XVI stepped down last week.
According to the Russian United Credit Bureau, 40 million Russians have loans or mortgages. By June, 12.5m of those loans had not been paid for at least a month. At least 10% of that amount cannot be recovered by the banks.
The IMF said China should reduce foreign exchange intervention. China's currency is widely seen as undervalued. Analysts say that in reality it is still pegged to the dollar.
The alarm was raised at 13:45 in the Durris area, at Craiglug. One of the three - believed to be teenagers - made it ashore. The other two were stranded on an island in the river.
Ofcom is reviewing the company's provision of superfast broadband. One option is "the structural separation" of Openreach from BT. Rivals within the industry have complained of poor quality of service.
Niger is one of the biggest uranium producers in the world. The metal is the country's largest export. Civil society groups have brought legal action against French nuclear giant Areva.
Storm comes two weeks after the region declared a drought disaster. Schools and universities have shut, roofs blown off and shelters opened. President Jacob Zuma has cancelled a trip to Cape Town to open World News Media Congress.
flammable, toxic substance called acrylonitrile came off the rails. Firefighters evacuated people within a two-mile radius of the fire. Local police said seven officers were hospitalised because of the fumes.
The 25-year-old won her maiden able-bodied national title on Sunday. She won team gold with England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Brown would have to switch from her favoured compound bow to the recurve.
Mark Davey, 33, from Luton, died from severe head and brain injuries. His Audi hit a roundabout on the A6 at Wixams, Bedfordshire, last September. The driver of the Porsche he was seen racing against has never been traced.
48-year-old expected to be charged over incident in Teralba, outside Newcastle. Woman and her two daughters who were inside the house escaped moments before it was knocked down. The bulldozer was allegedly stolen earlier from a nearby mine.
Williams driver Felipe Massa suffered two left-rear wheel failures. Renault's Kevin Magnussen a suspected broken left rear suspension. The session was stopped for 30 minutes as officials launched an investigation.
Cardiff Blues beat Pau to go second in the Championship. Cory Allen scored two tries for the visitors. Daniel Ramsey, Blaine Scully and Pierre Dupouy crossed for the home side.
Poor training and out-of-date equipment left 60 families without their child's remains. Lawyers believe the crematorium breached the Human Rights Act. If successful, it could pave the way for action against UK crematoriums.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron writes to European Council President Donald Tusk. "I am writing to give effect to the democratic decision of the people of the United Kingdom," Cameron writes. United Kingdom is leaving the European Union, but we are not leaving Europe.
poultry industry in Northern Ireland generates huge amount of waste. The litter is a mix of bedding and droppings and could generate 400,000 tonnes a year. It is rich in nitrogen and phosphorous which can run off into rivers and lakes and damage them - a process known as eutrophication. To show it is
Painting is the property of Jaime Botin, a Spanish banking tycoon. An attempt to export the painting to Switzerland on Thursday "drew the attention of French officials" Customs authorities boarded the vessel the following day and found the painting.
MP Damian Collins wants to know what was in the package delivered to Team Sky. Sir Dave Brailsford has said the package contained a legal decongestant. Dr Richard Freeman and head of UK Anti-Doping Nicole Sapstead have also been invited to give evidence.
Tanveer Ahmed, 32, stabbed Asad Shah, 40, outside his store in Shawlands. Ahmed had said he killed the shopkeeper because he had posted videos online in which he claimed to be a prophet. Mr Shah was an Ahmadi, a minority sect not recognised by all Muslims.
Poll from YouGov put the "Yes" campaign ahead by 51% to 49%, excluding the don't know. One-off, yes or no elections present peculiar difficulties for pollsters. Almost half of the just over one thousand people included in each of the last two YouGov polls had taken part in
Leeds beat Wigan Warriors 22-20 in the Super League Grand Final. Jamie Peacock, Kevin Sinfield and Kylie Leuluai all made final appearances. Leeds coach Brian McDermott said the win gave them an edge.
Corey Anderson will miss New Zealand's remaining one-day internationals in England. The 24-year-old had signed for Somerset in the second half of the T20 Blast.
The government and the doctors' union have agreed to continue negotiating until Wednesday. The talks are seen as the last chance for the two sides to agree a deal. Discussions first started in 2012, but broke down in 2014, before Acas hosted talks.
Line was agreed when Pakistani army chief Raheel Sharif visited Kabul. Security co-operation seen as crucial in countering the Taliban threat. Afghan officials often accuse Pakistan of controlling the Afghan Taliban.
Henriques hits 18 runs as Sixers score 22 in extra over. Brendon McCullum had earlier scored 46 as Heat compiled 167-9. Sixers will play Perth Scorchers in the final.
Barcelona can restore their eight-point advantage and set a Spanish football record of 35 games unbeaten if they win at Rayo Vallecano. Third-placed Real Madrid travel to Levante on Wednesday.
Derailment on 24 July near Santiago de Compostela left about 170 people injured. Train driver Francisco Jose Garzon Amo is under investigation but has not been charged. Renfe chief says all normal security procedures had been followed.
Georgina Callander, 18, was among 22 people who died in the bombing. Hundreds attended the ceremony at Holy Trinity Church in Tarleton. The final song played at the service was the US singer's hit One Last Time.
Surrey beat Yorkshire by six wickets in Women's T20 clash. Hollie Armitage top scored for Yorkshire with 43. Natalie Sciver hit 11 fours as Surrey won first home game.
Petsos joined Bayer Leverkusen last summer. He has made three appearances for the Bundesliga side. Fulham are first club to sign in January.
Shanghai Composite closes down 2.8% at 4,112.21 - marking third day of declines. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was down 1.3% at 27,289.97 - falling for sixth day. In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 closed down 1.23% at 19,291.99 after being closed all week for a
A Gareth Anscombe drop-goal edged Cardiff Blues 23-20. Alex Cuthbert had helped level the scores after the sin-binning. Ross Moriarty and Tom Marshall scores put the hosts up. unanswered second-half tries from Jonny May, Marshall, Mark Atkinson and Henry Purdy sealed Gloucester's win
The hole opened up in Grays, Essex, on Wednesday afternoon. It also caused a gas leak. Thurrock Council said experts believe a tunnel below the road collapsed.
The 1976 British Grand Prix was not shown on television in the UK. BBC Sport tells the story of how a forward-thinking condom company led to an F1 blackout. John Surtees signed a sponsorship deal with the London Rubber Company.
Accident happened shortly before 22:00 GMT on Tuesday. The man's condition was initially described as serious. Police have said they are following a number of lines of inquiry.
Michael Gardyne gave County the lead just before half-time. Liam Fontaine equalised for Hibs just before the break. Fontaine's poor clearance allowed Schalk to score the winning goal.
Two dogs treated for symptoms of poisoning after being walked near a cricket pitch. RSPCA has received another report of poisoning and said it was aware of a number of other owners who said their pets had also been ill. Charity has advised dog walkers to avoid the area "until we know more"
Wales beat France 19-10 in the Six Nations on Friday night. It was Wales' fifth consecutive win over the French. Wales coach Gareth Jenkins defended his side's style of play.
Ymddangosodd Jason Cooper, 27 oed o Ddinbych, ar gyswllt fideo o garchar Altcourse yn Le Ninrpwl. Mae'n wynebu cyhuddiadau o lofruddio Ms Stuart yn Chwefror
Identity tags are essentially tiny imperfections in the building blocks of matter. Could be used as the basis of a robust system for authenticating hardware and software. The technology is already being commercialised through a spin-out company Quantum Base.
AAH Pharmaceuticals was broken in to during the early hours of Monday. A small number of tablets, believed to be linked to the burglary, were later found in nearby Orby Close. Police have advised the public to only use medicine from healthcare professionals.
England beat South Africa by an innings and 10 runs in the second Test. Stuart Broad took five wickets for the seventh time in a single spell. England are doing it to other teams with a great deal of flair and courage. South Africa, in contrast, are a team in decline.
Isle of Wight-born Andrews beat her personal best by 83 seconds on Saturday. The 23-year-old, who now lives and trains in Andorra, had previously run shorter distances. Andrews, from Shanklin, is engaged to Irish road cyclist and Olympic contender Dan Martin.
Fethullah Gulen is the alleged mastermind of Turkey's failed coup. He has broken his customary seclusion to give rare interviews defending himself. Mr Gulen advocates a Sufi-based Islam of tolerance that emphasises education and promotes business.
The 15-year-old was raped and killed while on a 'trip of a lifetime' in Goa. Placido Carvalho, 49, and Samson D'Souza, 37, were accused of killing her. But they were acquitted by a judge at Goa Children's Court in September. Now,
Dundee United are on the verge of relegation from the Scottish Premiership. Mixu Paatelainen's side face rivals Dundee on Monday night. United fans are beleaguered as never before, but they're not beyond a bit of dark humour.
Brittany Carter, 23, is accused of performing a sex act on the 29-year-old driver. Police said Corey Jackson, 20, allegedly held a knife to his throat. The pair then stole $32 from the victim before fleeing the scene in Findlay. Ms Carter faces first-degree felony rape and aggravated robbery
29-year-old Craig Church died after falling down several flights of stairs. He had been working as an English language teacher at a primary school in Rui'an. His sister, Carrie Church, told BBC Radio Foyle he was a "fun-loving man"
Glasgow-based Gregor Smith travelled the west coast of Scotland in a friend's boat. He created etchings of Lismore and Mull and paintings of Achiltibuie and sea stacks at Duncansby Head. The collection, Far Shore, is being exhibited at Compass Gallery in Glasgow.
Dougie Fife crossed for the game's only try, finishing off a fine passage of play to put the Scots within a point. The French reclaimed the initiative in the second half, and Lopez's accuracy with the boot saw them home.
More than 110 drivers based in Weymouth and Bridport are set to walk out. Unite said it is angry at a 2.3% pay offer from First Group. The operator said the action was "totally unnecessary"
Michelin announced on Tuesday that it would close its Ballymena plant by 2018. The closure will result in the loss of 860 jobs. Staff, unions and politicians have described the planned run-down as 'devastating'
Kuwait, Luxembourg, Denmark, Saudi Arabia and the UK lead the list of those donating sufficient money. The United Nation's £3bn appeal for Syria is currently funded 44%.
Alejandro G Inarritu wins best director for The Martian. Leonardo DiCaprio wins best actor in a drama for his role in The Revenant. Matt Damon wins best comedy or musical film for his performance in the film. Kate Winslet wins best supporting actress for her role in Steve Jobs.
Diego Simeone is carving a new career as one of the game's hottest managers. Atletico Madrid knocked Barcelona out of the Champions League on Wednesday. Simeone's side are top of La Liga with just six games remaining.
Joey mainly flies between London Luton and Paphos in Cyprus. Guide and assistance dogs are the only animals allowed on EasyJet flights.
Hawaii's attorney general says the new version is fundamentally the same as the first. The directive places a 90-day ban on people from six mainly Muslim nations. It also bans entry of refugees for 120-days, but exempts Iraq. First order was blocked by a federal court amid concerns it unfairly targeted
Graeme asks: Is it unlikely that there would be a second in-out referendum? Neil asks: Can Scotland make a deal with the EU separate to England without leaving the EU? Adam asks: If the UK invokes Article 50, can we later withdraw this intention? John asks: How do you know how various
Staff claim Nigel Piercy and Pro-dean Prof Niall Piercy reduced them to tears. They also claim alleged sexist comments were used in career development reviews. Both men have been asked to comment but neither has responded.
Leicester hooker Tom Youngs, who was overlooked earlier in the year by Jones, is recalled to the set-up. Northampton's Luther Burrell, Chris Ashton of Saracens and Wasps' Danny Cipriani are notable omissions. Leicester flanker Will Evans and Harlequins back Joe Marchant,
Cotton, 22, has played 17 first-class matches since his debut in 2014. Taylor, 21, was ruled out for the season with a back injury. Derbyshire are bottom of Division Two, having failed to win any of their Championship matches.
Mrs Dewani, 28, died after the car she was travelling in with her husband, Shrien, 31, was hijacked in Cape Town. The vigils were held on 13 November in Bristol, London, Cape Town and also Sweden where she was born. South African authorities have applied to have Mr Dewani extradited
The item was sold to a private Irish collector. It was part of a sale of over 600 items, many from the Rising. The rebellion was an attempt to overthrow British rule 100 years ago.
Dollar Financial UK owns brands including The Money Shop, Payday UK, Payday Express and Ladder Loans. The company apologised to those who "suffered difficulties" It is the third-biggest repayment by a payday lender in recent years.
Collins said Mitchell is 'walking, talking, painting some, doing much rehab every day' Mitchell was found unconscious in her home in March. She is known for songs like Big Yellow Taxi and Case of You.
20mph speed limit to be introduced on 80% of Edinburgh's roads by 2018. Phase one of the £2.2m project covers much of the city centre. Scheme designed to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle.
More than 560,000 people missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in 2014/15. Each missed appointment is thought to cost the NHS £120. The Scottish Tories have urged the Scottish government to look at more innovative ways of reminding patients to turn up at appointments.
Carolyn McCall joined the budget airline from Guardian Media Group in 2010. She was made a Dame in the New Year Honours list this year. This year, however, has been more turbulent, with the company posting a half-year loss of £24m.
Roads around the former prison site were congested on the first day. Terence Brannigan said rural roads were "not designed for that kind of traffic" He said work was under way to put the new infrastructure in place.
1,905 refugees claim they suffered harm while being held on Manus Island. Australia turns away refugees arriving by boat and sends them to PNG and Nauru. The Manus case was due to be heard in the Victoria Supreme Court on Wednesday. Lawyers for the claimants said the government had offered a last minute settlement
Roger Dodds, now 81, was sentenced to 16 years in prison for abusing male colleagues and students. Sheffield City Council was ordered to pay former worker Richard Rowe, who was abused by Dodds in the 1980s, the sum. Dodds worked at the council's education department from 1975 to 1993
Would make the disused Fawley power station chimney the tallest such attraction south of London's Shard. The power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation. It was commissioned in 1971 and was capable of powering one million homes.
The Scot stopped Joubert in the sixth round - a ninth win out of nine. Taylor's promoter, former world champion Barry McGuigan, said: "We'd love that fight. That's a great fight down the line"
Burnley Empire Theatre was last used as a bingo hall in 1995. Campaigners want to restore the building to its former glory. Duchy of Lancaster said it had been left with "no alternative"
In most countries, only a bishop can approve forgiveness for abortion. The change is only for the coming Jubilee Year, beginning in December. However, the rule relaxation will not affect Catholics in England, Wales and Scotland.
Dinesh and Tarakeshwari Rathod claimed to have reached Everest's summit. But police in Maharashtra state said they had "morphed" photos. The Rathods were also banned from climbing for 10 years last year.
David Silva opened the scoring for Manchester City. Fernandinho doubled the lead with a fine curling shot. George Boyd scored straight after the break for Burnley. Ashley Barnes reacted quickest to smash home a loose ball.
A 41-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries. Another woman, aged 41, who was also in the house at the time was not injured. Police said the fire was a "targeted and deliberate act"
Starbucks made an operating income of almost $4.2bn (£3.4bn) for the year to 2 October. That was mainly down to a strong showing for its biggest market, the Americas. But in the fourth quarter of its financial year, global sales at existing stores rose by only 4%.
Webber and his team-mates lead the Audi trio of Switzerland's Marcel Fassler, Germany's Andre Lotterer and France's Benoit Treluyer by 13 points. They extended their advantage by an extra point on Friday after Bernhard and Hartley secured their fifth pole position of the season at the Sakhir
Sturgeon to convene migrant crisis summit with councils and humanitarian agencies. She said images of Aylan Kurdi had "touched our hearts" Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson has called on David Cameron to do more. But immigration minister James Brokenshire said accepting more refugees was not the answer.
Cwm Taf Health Board and Macmillan Cancer Support are seeking planning permission. With eight beds, it would provide inpatient, outpatient and day palliative care. Macmillan's proposed contribution would be its biggest single investment in Wales.
Tomer Hemed scores twice as Brighton beat Bristol City. Mark Little also scores an own goal. The Seagulls move up to fourth in the Championship.
Director of operations Joe Teape said all hospitals were full. He said there were a high number of patients who needed to be admitted. Mr Teape asked people to "bear with them at this busy time"
Libor is used by banks to set the cost of lending money to each other. Government bodies and not-for-profit organisations have been defrauded. The Libor scandal has already cost Barclays $453m.
Ireland's rugby governing body has agreed to participate in a trial of goggles for players with sight problems. The Irish Rugby Football Union banned players of all ages from wearing eyewear of any kind during play. Ryan Totten, 7, and Ian McKinley, 21, both found themselves barred from playing rugby in Ireland because of
France will host the 2016 finals, with both being played at the new Grand Stade de Lyon. The Edinburgh finals will also take place over the same weekend. Edinburgh were beaten by Gloucester in last season's Challenge Cup final.
Crewe have offered seven second-year scholars senior contracts. Three under-16s have also signed first-year contracts at Gresty Road. Crewe's under-21s have reached the Professional Development League Two final.
Jack Nowell's try put Chiefs ahead after it was 6-6 at half-time. But Chris Wyles' try brought Saracens back. Mike Ellery put Sarries in front on 76 minutes, before Simmonds' heroics.
NHS Digital asks staff to take quiz to check they're not a robot. One NHS Trust reportedly told staff to "use Bing" instead. Google says its systems are designed to spot unusual traffic.
Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers 3-2 in extra time to win Club World Cup. Karim Benzema opened the scoring for Real in the ninth minute. Gaku Shibasaki scored either side of half-time to put Kashima in front. Cristiano Ronaldo equalised from the penalty spot on the hour mark
Police have been searching the site in Milton, Cambridgeshire, for five weeks. Despite a high-profile missing persons campaign, it is thought by police he ended up in a bin lorry. Mr Mckeague's father Martin said it was "breathtaking" to see how much waste officers have combed through
Labour promised to provide 30 hours free childcare a week for 48 weeks a year. The childcare will be made available to working parents of three- and four-year-olds. Economist Gillian Paull said the "upper limit" could reach £200m. Welsh Government said it was currently analysing the likely costs
Corden arrived at the White House for a tour before Mrs Obama got into his car. Footage will air on the British star's Late, Late Show in the US on Wednesday. Other Carpool Karaoke stars include Adele, Sir Elton John and Stevie Wonder.
Jane Austen's House Museum in Chawton, Hampshire, is open until May. The Story of Pride And Prejudice exhibition includes rare letters and illustrations. Museum's Madelaine Smith said the enduring appeal of the novel is its perennial themes.
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington Wolves 48-36 on Friday night. Ben Flower was sent off for first time since Grand Final defeat to St Helens. Smith says the team are now focused on next week's game against Catalan Dragons.
Pakistan's Misbah-ul-Haq and Younis Khan complete the list. Virat Kohli, 28, was named leading cricketer in the world. Ellyse Perry, 26, was the world's leading women's cricketer.
Three girls, aged 10, eight and five, and two five-year-old boys were taken to hospital. The crash, involving a red Mercedes A180 and a blue Vauxhall Corsa, happened at about 18:20 on Thursday. North Yorkshire Police said a number of the casualties had suffered serious but not life
Norma Diffley, who ran a boutique in Donaghadee, died in the accident. The 33-year-old man is being questioned on suspicion of dangerous driving causing death.
Forfar Athletic suffer second successive home defeat after a run of nine straight wins. Forfar were on top after the break, but two Draper strikes won the tie.
Labour's five-year programme for government includes an M4 relief road. 100,000 apprenticeships open to people of all ages. 30 hours of free childcare a week over 48 weeks for parents of three and four-year-olds. First minister Carwyn Jones says: "There are going to be cuts
Michael Sean Carson, known as "Kit", has been detained on suspicion of indecency with children. He has worked for clubs including Peterborough United, Cambridge United and Norwich City.
Composer James MacMillan is to be knighted for services to music. Children's author Aileen Paterson is awarded an MBE. Motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman is awarded the British Empire Medal. John Muir has campaigned against knife crime following the murder of his son. Edinburgh-born broadcaster Nicky Campbell
Number of nursing homes and nursing beds has fallen for the first time in five years. A total of 73 homes cancelled their registration in the first six months of 2016. The Care Quality Commission said it was partly due to recruiting problems.
The 35-year-old schoolteacher told the court that her digestive system sometimes converts food into alcohol. After her arrest, her doctor conducted tests that found that high levels of yeast in her intestines ferment high-carbohydrate foods. Prosecutors are seeking to have the charges against the woman reinstated.
mutation was also present in our evolutionary "cousins" - the Neanderthals and Denisovans. It may have paved the way for the brain's expansion by dramatically boosting the number of brain cells found in this region.
Soldado has signed a four-year contract after passing a medical. The 28-year-old becomes Spurs' third summer signing. Soldado helped Spain reach the final of the Confederations Cup last month.
Northumberland, Tyne and Wear NHS Foundation Trust said staff were 'greatly distressed' Trust has written to pizza shop and removed takeaway from list of approved suppliers.
Extra money will be paid directly to Welsh councils after they said more money was needed for the clean-up. Most of the funding will be spent in Conwy, Denbighshire, Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire. Natural Resources Minister Alun Davies had already promised £3m to pay for emergency repairs.
The winner will be revealed on BBC World Service on 26 May. Voting is open now and closes on 11 May at 10:00 BST. Fans can vote online through the BBC website or by SMS.
Lee Gaskell grabbed the game's first try after 22 minutes. Josh Drinkwater got Leigh's only try before Leroy Cudjoe completed the win. Huddersfield's triumph confirms the make up of the Super 8s.
More than 80,000 people were in Croke Park to mark 30 years since The Joshua Tree album. The album made U2 the biggest rock band in the world. It saw the beginnings of Bono the human rights and third world debt campaigner.
Wales defeated Moldova 4-0 in their opening World Cup qualifier. Sam Vokes, Joe Allen and Gareth Bale scored for Chris Coleman's side. The Euro 2016 semi-finalists lead Group D on goal difference.
The weather service said flooding could happen in the east on Thursday. The amber warning has been issued for counties Antrim, Armagh, Down and Londonderry. There have been reports of flooding in County Down, near Helen's Bay and on the A1 near Newry.
The video shows three men and three unveiled women dancing to the song on the streets and rooftops of Tehran. Police chief Hossein Sajedinia said the "vulgar clip" had "hurt public chastity" Iran's state-run TV broadcast a programme on Tuesday, apparently showing the men and women
Natalia Wilkanowska, 50, disappeared in 2003 after travelling to Luton. Her body was found in December 2015, Luton Crown Court was told. Mr Doherty's brothers, Joseph and Daniel, are on trial accused of helping conceal her remains. The couple had separated in 2001 after 23 years of marriage
Environmental group called air pollution a 'public health crisis' It took the government to the High Court in a judicial review. The judge called the government's plan "woefully inadequate" Defra said it accepted the court's judgment.
Alsop is music director of Baltimore Symphony Orchestra and principal conductor of Brazil's Sao Paulo Symphony Orchestra. Alsop spoke to the BBC about the Proms, patriotism, and those pink balloons.
Victim abused for more than 10 years, bearing two children. Violence against women is endemic in Afghanistan. Victims of sexual abuse are often themselves jailed for "moral crimes"
Flt Lt Andrew Townshend deactivated autopilot of military passenger jet. Voyager aircraft plummeted 4,400ft (1,341m) over the Black Sea. He pleaded guilty to negligently performing a duty and was handed suspended sentence.
New function allows users to broadcast messages to unlimited number of users. IS media operatives on Twitter started advertising the group's own channel. It has already amassed more than 4,500 subscribers. Telegram suggests it will take down illegal material that is made public.
Haider al-Abadi's programme was pushed through without debate. Under the plan, Mr Abadi will cut spending and eliminate senior posts. It follows recent anti-government protests over an unreliable electricity supply.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in the Women's Africa Cup of Nations final. Christine Nafula scored for Kenya but it was not enough. Ethiopia beat Uganda 4-1 in the play-off for third place.
The world champions led from the start as they finished 1.2 seconds clear of New Zealand. It was Great Britain's 17th medal of the Games and moved them up to fourth in the table, ahead of Australia. Glover and Stanning are now unbeaten in 39 races.
The bridge would cost £175m to build, making it the world's most expensive footbridge. Lambeth and Westminster councils, who are in charge of new buildings in areas of London, have both said the bridge can go ahead. London's Mayor, Boris Johnson, will have the final say
Hull are 19th in the table after Monday's 1-0 defeat at Middlesbrough. The Tigers have scored only 11 league goals this season. Mike Phelan succeeded Steve Bruce as Hull boss in July.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk. Post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram.
Citizens' Assembly voted 64% to 36% in favour of having no abortion restrictions. Anti-abortion groups have condemned the result of the vote. Any change to the law would require a referendum.
The scrum-half was allowed to return to the field after belatedly being sent for a head injury assessment. The group said Murray "did not meet the criteria for immediate and permanent removal from the field of play"
Some reports said four people had been killed and 90 injured in the clashes. Iraqi President Fuad Masum called on protesters to "abide by the law" Protesters accuse the government of neglecting much needed reforms.
Court heard further pregnancy would be a'significantly life-threatening event' Mr Justice Cobb said the woman had the'same human rights' as everyone else. He has authorised health and council services to intervene and perform sterilisation.
Sixty teams submitted plans for Clandon Park House in Surrey. The Grade I-listed building was reduced to a charred shell in 2015. National Trust said it wanted to combine restoring state rooms with new galleries.
Team Sky rider finished two seconds behind Movistar stage winner Jesus Herrada. Alberto Contador is the overall leader, six seconds ahead of Richie Porte. Froome will instead focus on the Tour de France, which begins on 2 July.
Footage shows firefighters using aerial ladders and hoses to dampen down the blaze. The fire at Regent Superbowl and indoor market in Great Yarmouth started in the early hours.
The unit was assisted by officers from Humberside, Derbyshire, South Yorkshire and West Midlands. The arrests are part of a pre-planned operation relating to alleged terrorism offences under Italian legislation. Those arrested face extradition to Italy.
Jordan is strategically located at the crossroads of what Christians, Jews and Muslims call the Holy Land. It is a key ally of the US and, together with Egypt, one of only two Arab nations to have made peace with Israel. King Abdullah II, Jordan's monarch since 1999, has extensive powers.
UN humanitarian chief Stephen O'Brien says aid agencies have been ordered out of Luhansk. Pro-Russian rebels had earlier banned 10 international humanitarian agencies. Almost 8,000 people have been killed since fighting erupted in eastern Ukraine in April 2014.
Board of Control for Cricket in India missed a deadline to name a squad. ICC changed its revenue-sharing model and India missed 25 April deadline. A meeting to select the team will now take place on Monday, 8 May.
Lord Rooker said too much emphasis had been attached to the look of the countryside. He said farmers were paid to plant the hills with pretty grass and sheep. The idea of reintroducing forests into catchments has been strongly supported.
Concerns that the stockpile could be confiscated led tribe leaders to incinerate it. The Justice Department decided last year to let tribes grow marijuana on their land. Also in question is the origin of the marijuana seeds used for the tribe's crop.
Ben Houchen beat Labour's Sue Jeffrey by a little over 2,000 votes. Lib Dem Chris Foote Wood was third and UKIP's John Tennant finished last. Labour retain control of Durham County Council despite losing 20 seats.
Natalya Poklonskaya made the claim on a Russian TV channel. She said it was a sign the dead tsar wanted Russia to "prosper and be great again" The Church made most of the murdered family saints in 2000.
Neil Gorsuch, 49, is a'so-called originalist', meaning he believes the US Constitution should be followed as the Founding Fathers intended. If confirmed, he would restore the court's conservative majority, lost with the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Senate Democratic leader has said he has'very
Her family had fled Iran shortly before the 1979 revolution. They put her on a flight to the US as they "calculated that an 11-year-old girl on her own will not be turned away by immigration" She found her safe space in the computer room.
Nottingham Victoria Station was one of Britain's most beautiful railway stations. It was demolished in 1967 and is now home to a shopping centre. Exhibition organiser Janine Tanner said people were 'horrified' when it closed.
Factory activity unexpectedly shrank in October to 49.8, below the 50-point mark. It is also marks the third consecutive month of contraction in manufacturing. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended down 2.1% to 18,683.24. In Australia, the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 closed down
Met Police Flying Squad swooped on the men in Piccadilly at 11:25 BST. A Taser was discharged several times and the policemen were hurt. Three officers suffered minor injuries and the fourth is in hospital in a serious condition. Four men have been arrested and are being held at London police stations.
Schmidt was sent off for verbally abusing Hoffenheim's Julian Nagelsmann. The 49-year-old has been banned for two games and fined £13,373. Bayer Leverkusen's director of sport Rudi Voller has sought a meeting with the head of the disciplinary committee.
The migrant crisis has fuelled a backlash against the political establishment. But the wave of discontent taps into long-standing fears about globalisation. How is this right-wing backlash reshaping Europe's political landscape?
Steve Sankey was elected in the East Mainland, South Ronaldsay and Burray ward. Patrick Harvie tweeted that he was "delighted" with the first Green gain.
Police Scotland has appealed for witnesses to the crash. Collision involved a black Yamaha motorcycle, a black Vauxhall Adam and a silver Volkswagen Caravelle.
In less than 24 hours, the country's chosen to leave the European Union. As a result, the prime minister has left his job. Some Labour MP s are trying to unseat their leader. Scotland faces another referendum on the other union.
The card dropped through the letterbox of Gethin Davies from Bonymaen. It was sent by someone called Phyl, to a Mrs E Leon. Mr Davies now hopes to reunite it with the person it was intended for.
Duke of Rothsay laid a wreath on a new memorial cairn built by the community of Cabrach in Moray. The cairn commemorates the farming community and neighbouring parishes at Rhynie, Lumsden and Dufftown.
The 35-year-old played six Super League games for Hull KR in 2011. He was at Manly last season. Mason played 290 NRL games during his 15-year career.
Pfizer said it had agreed a deal with California-based Anacor Pharmaceuticals. Anacor's flagship product is crisaborole, a cream for eczema awaiting approval by US regulators.
John Ridsdel, 68, was taken from a tourist resort along with three others. The Abu Sayyaf group had threatened to kill a male hostage on April 25. Several hours after the deadline, a severed head was found in a street.
Madonna has shared the video for Living for Love, the album's first single. It follows a leak of the star's 13th studio album ahead of its release. This is the first music video to be published since launch of SnapChat's "Discover" service.
Cartoon by prominent artist Jonathan Shapiro, known as Zapiro, also features a poem, which refers to Mr Zuma as a "dick" The row comes just weeks after the ANC forced an art gallery to withdraw a painting showing Mr Zuma with his genitals exposed.
Cornwall has received £1bn of aid over the past 15 years. More than £400m in the pipeline until 2020 because of its weak economy. Cornwall voted Leave and the Isles of Scilly voted Remain.
The 82-year-old was threatened by two masked men who came to his home. The attackers pushed the pensioner and demanded money. Both men were wearing balaclavas and dressed all in black.
The Scottish Tories have seen double-digit increases in their vote in almost every seat. They've more than doubled their returns in some places where the party was previously unelectable. The prospect of a second independence referendum has been at the core of the Tory campaign.
Ding wins 6-5 after taking four frames to leave Figueiredo clinging on. Barry Hawkins and Marco Fu also through. Jimmy White beaten 6-2 by Ryan Day.
Her Majesty's Crown Prosecution Service Inspectorate carried out investigation. Inspectors examined 162 case and complaint files and interviewed staff. CPS said its own data showed a'markedly different' picture to the report.
Top-seed Kerber, 29, also lost to Belinda Bencic at the Fed Cup earlier this month. She hit 38 unforced errors as the world number 73 dominated. China's Zheng plays Canadian Eugenie Bouchard next.
18 pilots left RAF Manston in six Swordfish torpedo bombers to try to stop three German battle cruisers in the Channel. All of the planes were shot down and just five men survived. Senior naval officers joined the Channel Dash Association in the harbour to remember the 825 squadron.
Enceladus is the sixth largest moon of Saturn. It is 500 kilometres (310 miles) in diameter, making it pretty small.
Part of celebrations to mark the Queen's official 90th birthday. The street parties were intended to bring people together.
Actress died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer, her family said. She played Demelza in Poldark, a costume drama first broadcast in the UK in 1975. Family said they were 'deeply saddened' and she would be 'greatly missed'
Zoe Gregory, 26, is accused of sending a message claiming an explosive had been left at school. The 16-year-old girl's home was raided and she was questioned by police. Ms Gregory has been bailed to appear before Norwich magistrates on 14 April.
Marsh failed to score in 16 league games after joining Dover from Torquay for an undisclosed fee in January 2016. The 23-year-old made eight appearances for Dover last season, but finished the season on loan at National League South side Welling United.
Chelsea were the standout team in the Premier League this season. Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and Eden Hazard also feature. David De Gea, Branislav Ivanovic, Gary Cahill and John Terry complete the back four.
Five of the victims were from Ireland, and some of them were students at University College Dublin (UCD) UCD President Andrew Deeks expressed condolences to their families saying "we are heartbroken at their suffering and loss"
Administrators of the ACT test took the decision just hours before some 5,500 students were due to sit it. ACT is one of two entrance exams available to international and domestic students wanting to go to a US college. The other entrance exam - the SAT - was cancelled in South Korea in 2013 because some of the questions
Tony Blair scrapped clause backing public ownership of the railways in 1995. Jeremy Corbyn said Labour "shouldn't shy away" from public ownership. But leadership rival Liz Kendall said Clause IV belonged in the past.
Swansea's run of just two wins in 17 Premier League games ended on Tuesday. Salomon Rondon's last-gasp equaliser denied Francesco Guidolin's side victory at the Hawthorns. Gylfi Sigurdsson believes the Swans are playing much better than they did earlier in the season.
South Wales, Dyfed-Powys and north Wales forces all "required improvement" Gwent Police was the only one ranked "good"
Paul Smith loses for the seventh time in his professional career. The 34-year-old was beaten 119-108 by WBA champion Zeuge in Germany. Trainer Joe Gallagher described the fight as a 'last roll of the dice'
Broadbent said it would be "great fun" to play Tommy Butler in the drama. The actor won an Oscar in 2001 for playing the husband of Iris Murdoch in Iris.
Ms Khobragade was arrested in New York on suspicion of visa fraud. She has denied all the charges and was later released on bail. India has demanded an apology from the US over her alleged "humiliation"
England win the Under-20 World Cup. It is the first time an English side has won the tournament since 1966. Lionel Messi, Luis Figo and Paul Pogba were all part of winning sides in the past.
Jury praised Ahmed Mansoor for regularly raising concerns about arbitrary detention. He faced repeated intimidation, harassment and death threats, it said. Mr Mansoor could not collect the award in Geneva because of a travel ban.
Labour say northern motorways are reaching "saturation point" And they say train capacity in what has been dubbed the Northern Powerhouse is "at the limit" Treasury says an extra £1.3bn will be spent UK-wide to tackle congestion. Chancellor will give update on a number of government spending projects.
The 25-year-old served four double faults when serving for a straight-set win. Evans, 25, plays American Bjorn Fratangelo next. The Australian Open begins on Monday 18 January.
Polling stations opened at 07:00 BST and will close at 22:00. In Liverpool, voters will also elect a city mayor.
Jacob McIntyre's body was recovered from the River Ericht at Cally Bridge. He had been reported missing from a property in the Milton of Drimmie area. Police Scotland said Jacob's family were "understandably upset at their tragic loss"
More than 73,000 people have so far backed the petition. Comes after a town in eastern France banned all pork substitutes in school meals. Chalon sur Saone mayor had earlier launched his own campaign on Change.org.
The key moment was a fumble by Mayo keeper Robert Hennelly early in the second half which gifted Dublin a penalty. Lee Keegan's goal put Mayo ahead midway through the first period but Dublin regrouped to lead to 1-6 by half-time.
A total of 98 refugees have now arrived in Northern Ireland since the conflict. The first group of Syrian refugees arrived in December 2015. Bayan Khello left her home in Syria after her uncle and cousin were killed. Yasser Al Satton left his home after chemical weapons were used in the area
Andrei Fomochkin has had his accreditation for Rio cancelled by the IPC. The official violated the International Paralympic Committee's (IPC) ban on political gestures. Belarus' neighbours Russia are banned from the Games following state-sponsored doping.
Harry Whitlam died after Gary Green reversed the vehicle into him. Leeds Crown Court heard he was more than two times the legal driving limit. Green was jailed for 16 months and two weeks after admitting failing to ensure safety of others.
Miller served his ban from 2004 to 2006 after admitting using blood-boosting agent EPO early in his career. The 39-year-old returned to the sport and has volunteered to educate Britain's young riders. Millar won stages in road cycling's three most prestigious stage races.
The fire in Rugeley, Staffordshire, began on 5 September. The fire service said a controlled burn was taking place over fears water supplies could be contaminated. It is not known how long it will take to put the fire out.
Officers are searching 18 premises in London and one in Stoke-on-Trent. The Met Police said it was part of an ongoing inquiry into Islamist terrorism. Mr Choudary is the former UK head of the Islamist group al-Muhajiroun.
'Twisted light' technique claims to exploit orbital angular momentum. This momentum is expressed in our planet spinning around its axis. Proponents say it can be exploited to massively boost data rates. But some researchers say the idea is misguided.
For one in 10, pregnancy and the period following childbirth can be anything but rosy. Depression, anxiety and stress can be the overriding feelings. Psychiatric disorders are the cause of 7% of all maternal deaths during pregnancy.
Shantry is the ninth player to sign a new deal with Worcestershire in five months. England Lions man Ross Whiteley has signed for four years.
Community energy schemes in Wales have seen huge increases in business rates. Some have seen increases of as much as 900% after a recent revaluation. It means virtually all of their profits are being handed over to councils. The Welsh Government said it was aware and considering the case for assistance.
The 26-year-old was sent off for a foul on Gaston Ramirez during the 1-1 draw against Middlesbrough. The FA rejected a claim of wrongful dismissal and excessive punishment. He will miss both legs of the semi-final against Sheffield Wednesday.
Fillon's bid has been overshadowed by claims he paid his family for work. Some in his party, The Republicans, feel he should drop out of the race. Polls suggest he may be eliminated in the first round of the presidential election.
Some 69% of those asked said they had worked when unwell. This compared with 23% of those surveyed admitting to having been absent when healthy. The TUC described UK workers as "mucus troopers"
Sheffield City Council said the Hanover House cladding was not made of aluminium. The issue was spotted during fire safety tests carried out in the wake of the Grenfell Tower blaze. Councillor Jayne Dunn said: "We will not stop until we get to the bottom of what happened" Hanover House resident and tenants association member John
Shyam Acharya is accused of stealing a doctor's name and qualifications in India. He used the credentials to work in local hospitals between 2003 and 2014. Mr Acharya was never the individual subject of a complaint.
Tensions between the US and Israel have been growing as the leaders wrangled over a number of issues. Mr Obama described his relationship with Mr Netanyahu as "businesslike"
Davina Ayrton, now 34, raped a 15-year-old girl in a garage in 2004. She denied the charge but was found guilty by a jury at Portsmouth Crown Court. Judge Ian Pearson remanded her into custody and said it was likely she would be held at a male prison.
David Cameron wants to go further than create new punitive powers. Like Tony Blair, he wants to reset the public debate on community cohesion. Public bodies including schools and universities are now under a duty to prevent people being drawn into extremism.
Lord Alderdice said Mrs May must not view the issue of the border as if she was still home secretary. He was speaking in support of an amendment insisting that no hard border is put in place between NI and the Republic of Ireland after exit. The amendment was proposed by former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Hain
Question of university value has been under scrutiny, with fees increasing to £9,250 in England. Mr Johnson will call for universities to set out much clearer contracts for students on what they can expect. He will promise better "consumer protection" for students.
Sale went ahead despite protests from the Mongolian president. Elbegdorj Tsakhia says the skeleton came from Mongolia. Auctioneers say the specimen was imported legally.
Brad Potts' penalty saved late on to preserve a point for Blackpool. Max Mller hits the bar with a right-footed shot from outside the box. Myles Weston hits the woodwork with a left-footed effort. Adebayo Akinfenwa misses an excellent chance to open the scoring.
There were 1,820 patients waiting to be seen in May, compared to 916 in 2011. About half had waits of up to four weeks, the other half up to 26 weeks. Charity Mind Cymru said it was "very concerned" by the figures. Welsh Government said more money was being ploughed
Defibrillators are used to deliver a shock to restart a patient's heart. It was one of eight taken from sites including Pucklechurch, Frenchay, Fishponds and Easton.
Local Government Association said £12bn backlog in road repairs needed. AA survey found 39% of drivers had been affected by a pothole in the past two years. UK government said it was providing "unprecedented levels of investment"
Manchester introduced 20mph zones on more than 1,000 roads in 2014. The rate of accidents in these zones has not fallen as quickly as hoped. Council said it will now evaluate the effectiveness of existing zones. Money for road safety will be spent on other traffic calming measures.
The 30-year-old is in his second spell with the Saints, having returned after two years with Hibernian in 2015. Craig has scored five goals in 35 appearances this season for Tommy Wright's side.
Fabian Society said Labour was too weak to take power without other parties. Report said party was set to win fewer than 200 seats in 2017 or 2020 election. MP for Cardiff Central rejected the study's claim Labour could only win with other parties' backing. Welsh Labour vice-chair said UK leader Jeremy
The female dog was discovered "dumped like rubbish" in Lancaster. Racing greyhounds are tattooed on their right ears. It is believed the ear was cut off to destroy identification information.
Beate Zschaepe, 38, is accused of being part of the National Socialist Underground. The NSU killed 10 people, most of them of Turkish origin, between 2000 and 2007. Critics have accused authorities of turning a blind eye to the crimes of right-wing extremists. Ms Zs
Univision had said last week it would not air the pageant because of what it called insulting remarks about Mexican immigrants. Mr Trump has accused Univision of stifling his freedom of speech.
British actor Tom Hiddleston drew criticism for his speech at the Golden Globes. He referred to aid workers in South Sudan as "binge-watching" The Night Manager star said he was "very nervous" and his words "came out wrong"
Newport's Friars Walk is opening with Debenhams as its anchor store. Marks and Spencer is also moving back to the city centre. Newport Council lent the developers £90m in a commercial deal. The complex is estimated to create 1,200 jobs within its shops and restaurants.
Reserve Bank of India governor warns against using cheap money to tackle economic problems. Raghuram Rajan says more intervention by central banks now risked doing "more harm than good" He accurately predicted the global financial crisis in 2008.
All three parties claim they will clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion. It is difficult to work out how much has been saved in the past, says Paul Johnson. The Office for Budget Responsibility initially predicted that policy would raise £5.3bn.
At least 268 people are now known to have died and 400 were injured. Teams have continued to search the rubble of toppled buildings for a second night. Hundreds of aftershocks have hampered the efforts of the 5,000 rescuers.
Memorial service will be attended by emergency workers and community leaders. The Right Rev Dr Martin Warner will open the service at Lancing College. Names of the victims will be read out ahead of a minute's silence. Each family will then light a candle to be placed on the chapel's altar
Devon and Cornwall PCC Tony Hogg plans to move his office to force HQ. But chief constable Shaun Sawyer said it could threaten his impartiality. He told Mr Hogg in a letter it would be 'not the best use of your time or money' Commissioner said he would remain impartial and cost would be repaid.
The package will offer concessional loans at interest rates pegged at 3.2%. Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce said some farmers in Queensland had not earned any income for three years. Much of Australia has received lower than usual amounts of rain this year.
Jury ruled that neither sheriff's officials nor jailers committed a crime. It has not yet been determined whether the police officer who arrested her should face charges. Sandra Bland was arrested after a confrontation with a policeman who had pulled her car over. She was found dead three days later in a Texas jail
Nolan played 10 times for Blackpool last season as they were promoted. The 28-year-old is Crewe's fourth summer signing.
2005 world champion Ding won the last three frames to beat Thepchaiya Un-Nooh 4-3. Reigning world champion Stuart Bingham defeated Wales' Ryan Day 4-2 to set up a last-four meeting with Joe Perry.
South Africa-born Berg suffered the injury while playing against Nottinghamshire. The 35-year-old will be assessed in the next two weeks to decide whether he will need an operation.
Henry McPherson, 61, died after the accident on the A952 near Mintlaw in 2014. Pauline Flynn, 36, denies causing death by careless driving. Mr McPherson's partner Patricia McPherson, 52, told court she remembered look of fear on his face.
Esgob Joanna Penberthy ei chysegru yn esgob Tyddewi yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf 11:00.
Barrow have appointed Paul Cox as their new manager. Cox led the Cumbrian side to seventh in the National League. Hartlepool were relegated on the final day of the season.
Parent company Mondelez says it plans to bring all Cadbury lines under its existing in-house fair trade scheme, Cocoa Life. But critics warn this could confuse consumers. They also fear that shared standards around ethical trade will be lost if more firms drop Fairtrade.
The writer's work tells the story of a Nigerian woman who moves to the US. She is also in the running for the UK's Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction.
Daniel Begg admitted culpable and reckless behaviour. The 21-year-old was fined £260 at Aberdeen Sheriff Court.
The game will be held in Santa Clara, about 40 miles (64km) south of San Francisco. Thousands of police and security officers are expected to be deployed across the San Francisco Bay area. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said his team had been in "constant" contact since the Paris attacks.
Bolton physio Andy Mitchell was first to spot Muamba had collapsed. Muamba was given two defibrillator shocks on the pitch, one in the players' tunnel and a further 12 in the ambulance on the way to hospital but none worked. Dr Tobin said it was only when medics at London Chest Hospital took over
The man was found unconscious at a flat in Caledonia Court on Wednesday. He was treated at the scene and taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead. Police Scotland said there were no apparent suspicious circumstances.
Rosberg was 0.207 seconds quicker than Williams driver Valtteri Bottas. Fernando Alonso set the third best time, albeit 1.7secs slower than Rosberg. Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen was fourth, 1.8secs off Rosberg but on a tyre calculated to be 0.8secs a slower lap.
Second time Swiss curator Hans Ulrich Obrist has topped ArtReview's annual Power 100 list. Polish curator Adam Szymczyk was placed second in the list, climbing from 14th place last year. New entries further down the list included feminist theorist Donna Haraway at number 43.
Pictures of men kissing the figure, holding her hand and touching her crotch have gone viral on Facebook and other social media. Shell said the acts went against local culture and its own values. The energy giant, which has more than 950 outlets in Malaysia, said it would not condone the "distasteful and
Mae pob ysgol yn cael ei rhod ei categori gwyd - 41% ar y flwyddyn. Mae llynedd, lwoddydd 333 o ysgolion cyn duwchd i gyrraedd y prif
Oil is an ingredient in most of the items we buy from the supermarket. Over 50% of the world's population is not of a 'healthy weight' Trade agreements have made it cheaper and easier to export and import oil. Policy incentives in countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia have helped to lower the cost of
Worcestershire trail Kent by 27 runs with four wickets remaining. Will Gidman takes two wickets to help reduce Worcestershire to 213-6. George Rhodes scores maiden first-class half-century for Worcestershire.
State media described the missile emerging with "a fiery, blazing trail" The North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, was pictured apparently overseeing the launch. South Korea said the North fired three anti-ship cruise missiles into the sea.
Information Commissioner's Office says it has received more than 1,000 complaints this year. Consumer group Which? also believes unsolicited calls have increased. Both organisations have urged people of pension age to be on guard against fraud attempts.
Robert and Ian Stewart became so-called supergrasses at trial of alleged members of north Belfast UVF. The trial judge said the brothers had lied in part of their evidence. Public Prosecution Service decided not to refer them back to the judge. Jason Loughlin is now seeking to judicially review the
Law states that lenses should be sold with an optician or medic present. Young people are known to share them, leading to an increased risk of infections.
Brazilian Rafa, 24, who admits using false documents to get the job, was arrested. He said he knew what he had been doing was wrong - but said the way he was arrested "is what bothers me" Byron said it had been unaware workers had used fake papers until it was informed by the Home Office
Cole has agreed a two-and-a-half year deal at the Silverlake Stadium. The 22-year-old joined Staines from Barnet in February 2016. Tyler Garratt's loan from Doncaster Rovers has been extended.
Top Of The Lake: China Girl began filming in Sydney on Monday. Elisabeth Moss will return as detective Robin Griffin for the second series. Christie said she 'could not feel more privileged' to join the cast. The show is directed and co-written by Jane Campion.
First Derivatives makes financial analysis software used by investment banks. The firm now employs more than 1,750 people. Chairman Seamus Keating said they have made an encouraging start to the current financial year.
Michael Patterson was handed the order after being convicted of break-ins. His 'consistent method' was to enter rear alleyways, magistrates heard. The 49-year-old admitted three counts of burglary and possession of a Class B drug.
Ireland is the UK's largest trading partner, with one billion euros in weekly trade. Dublin has begun contingency planning in case the UK chooses to leave the EU. Ireland's Public Expenditure and Reform Minister Brendan Howlin said there were serious concerns.
Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland to investigate police spying. Comes after UK government refused to extend the Pitchford Inquiry to Scotland. Victims of police spying had called for a Scottish inquiry to be set up.
Uefa has taken the disciplinary action following some of the Italian club's fans' continued racist behaviour. Earlier this season, the Rome-based club were fined £120,000 by Uefa following racist chanting in a Europa League game against Tottenham Hotspur. Lazio president Claudio Lotito said the sanction was "incredible"
The judge in Brooklyn denied a motion by the Justice Department to get Apple to unlock a drug case. In an unrelated case, the FBI wants Apple to help unlock the iPhone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California in December. But Apple has resisted, calling that demand
Protesters gathered at venue at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Fighting broke out between supporters and protesters inside the auditorium. A statement from Mr Trump's campaign said the candidate decided to postpone the event after meeting with police.
Webb has not played since suffering a serious foot injury in a World Cup warm-up with Italy in September. The 27-year-old says he is close to a return, giving him time to get fit. Webb has renewed his national dual contract with Ospreys and the Welsh Rugby Union.
Girl suffered "extensive dog bite wounds to her face" in attack in Stoke-on-Trent. She is being treated at Birmingham Children's Hospital. Her condition is "serious" but not thought to be life-threatening.
Defender made 14 appearances for Wanderers last season. French centre-back joined Bolton from Charlton in 2014.
Carriage transported Churchill's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. It will now move to the National Railway Museum in York.
Artist Spencer Tunick photographed 3,200 people in Hull for Sea of Hull project. The models were painted blue to represent water for the exhibition SKIN. SKIN is a free exhibition at the Ferens Art Gallery from 22 April to 13 August.
The recordings were made on wax cylinders between 1902 and 1917. Music curators say the sound quality of the music recorded is outstanding. Cromwell Wall recorded the sound of Old Southgate Church bells pealing out New Year.
UKIP says Have I Got News made false statements about Nigel Farage. Kent Police say they will not take action against the BBC. The law says it is illegal to make a "false statement of fact" about a candidate.
The robotic arm is driven by inflatable compartments and its stiffness by a central tube containing a specially selected granular medium: coffee. When suction is applied, the granules "jam" to create the desired rigidity. The current prototype is 14cm long and 3cm across and split into two sections.
First of six daily services from Grosmont to Pickering started at 09:30 GMT. A total of 8,500 tickets were purchased for the sold-out locomotive service. The engine, retired from service in 1963, has been restored for the National Railway Museum.
Eight people started fighting at the Palace Theatre in Manchester. Georgina Lynn Sixsmith, 48, has been charged with being drunk and disorderly. There were no reports of injuries from the incident on Tuesday.
Nation Broadcasting launched a consultation in September to move the shows. The shows are currently broadcast from studios in Narberth, Pembrokeshire. Sources have told BBC Wales the relocation will take place this month.
Argentina claims sovereignty of the islands, which it calls the Malvinas. The oil companies named in the case are not based in Argentina. Drilling for oil in the territorial waters around the Falklands began in 2010.
Crowds gathered at vantage points to catch a last glimpse of the plane. It will be grounded later this month after engineering backers withdrew support.
Discussion centred mainly on the gas market, energy security and the risks of having to rely on supplies from Russia. But, actually, the report says, the short-term risks are minimal. It stresses the uncertainty surrounding the forecasts, but concludes: "The impact of Brexit on the UK energy system is very
The app can identify up to 70,000 public figures by looking at images, video or an actual person. Rory Cellan-Jones raised privacy concerns with the company's co-founder Omar Tayeb.
Japan's Matsuyama won by seven shots from Henrik Stenson and Daniel Berger. The win will lift Matsuyama to a career-high sixth in the world rankings. McIlroy finished tied for second with American Bill Haas.
Two RNLI boats and a coastguard helicopter from Scotland were launched. The alarm was declared to be a hoax following a thorough search.
Facebook's founder Mark Zuckerberg announced the move at his firm's F8 developers conference in San Francisco. More than 40 new add-on apps have already been developed so far.
India has overtaken China to take the top spot in the tables of international economic good health. David Cameron is getting ready to roll out the red carpet for Narendra Modi. India is now the third biggest source of foreign investment in the UK.
Islamic State conquered large swathes of Iraq and Syria in the summer of 2014. A US-led coalition of 65 countries is conducting a campaign against the militants. US special forces have already conducted operations in both Syria and Iraq.
At least 17 US-based and local groups receiving foreign funding were targeted. The US state department said it was "very concerned" and urged authorities to stop the "harassment" of NGO staff. Documents and computers have been seized as part of the investigations.
Amoret Whitaker is one of just three forensic entomologists in the UK who regularly works with the police to determine the time of death of a corpse. Forensic entomology can even be used in cases of burnt bodies, as insects may still be found, feeding within the body cavities.
Rider had head injuries and was very cold from lying unconscious on sand. She was treated before being flown to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales.
Little Mix were due to play at SSE Arena in Belfast on Thursday afternoon. The cancellation was announced just minutes after the doors opened. Fans were later informed by text message that the show would not go ahead.
The building at Capel-le-Ferne, in Kent, is due to open in 2015. It will tell the story of the battle over Kent and Sussex in 1940. Work began in September with Wing Cdr Bob Foster, 93, using a digger.
Owens, Rhys Hanbury and Paddy Flynn all crossed before half-time. Cameron Phelps looked to have made the game safe, but quick tries from Ryan Atkins and Chris Bridge made it 24-10.
New breed of tech-led travel companies are keen to expand South Africa's tourism beyond traditional beaches and safaris. South African company Gummie operates an online platform advertising dozens of unique experiences. Cape Town-based VoiceMap is moving tour-guiding into the digital space.
The 23-year-old spent three years at the Spireites. He made 82 league appearances for Chesterfield, scoring 10 times.
The decline was the Nasdaq's biggest one-day fall since April 10 last year. It came despite shares in Kraft Foods, which is listed on Nasdaq, soaring more than 35% after the company agreed to merge with Heinz. The Dow Jones lost 292 points, or 1.6%, to 17,718, while
Hundreds of Sri Lankan women arrive in the Middle East every year. They are a major foreign revenue earner for Sri Lanka. But many claim to be ill-treated, tortured, or not paid for the work. Human Rights Watch has long been campaigning for more protection for domestic workers.
In a 6-3 decision, the justices said that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low-income individuals can continue. The ruling preserves the law known as Obamacare, which Mr Obama considers a major part of his presidential legacy. Republicans have vowed to continue fighting the law.
Samuel Tweed, 74, escaped from custody at Belfast Magistrates' Court in 1974. He was facing firearms charges at the time and had been arrested. The weapons haul included 10 revolvers, nine pistols and a sawn-off shotgun.
Pope Shenouda led the Coptic Church for four decades. Coptic Christians make up 10% of Egypt's population. He urged officials to do more to address the community's concerns.
Body found on Wingfield Road, Alfreton, at 03:55 BST on Monday. Police said man had suffered head injuries and has not yet been identified.
Jeremy Corbyn's team's priority must be to get through the week without mishap. Sometimes those are the moments senior politicians lose control. There is so much at stake for the Labour Party this week.
Wales have been drawn in the same group as England at Euro 2016. Chris Coleman says he is not surprised to be drawn with Roy Hodgson's side. Coleman says it is difficult to predict the performances of young players. Gareth Bale will join up with the squad on Wednesday morning.
Tories tabled plan to let heterosexual couples enter into civil partnerships. This was defeated by 375 votes to 70 after a five-hour Commons debate. MPs back Labour plan to consult on changing civil partnerships instead.
The main building will remain shut on Tuesday with access to most areas reopened on Wednesday. Two chemistry labs on the first floor and the restaurant will be shut until further notice.
Portuguese defender's quick-fire brace put the Bees in control at Brisbane Road. Paul McCallum gave the O's a lifeline when he powerfully headed in a Callum Kennedy corner with 10 minutes remaining. Weston secured the three points when he crashed the ball into an empty net after a lob from Jamal Campbell-
New Psychoactive Substances (NPS) are now the choice drug of many users. They are often cheaper than heroin or other drugs, and can be bought for about £5. Wrexham has a relatively high concentration of charities or service providers which help drug users, homeless people, or others in need
Rows between rival electoral commissioners have led to physical fights. The main challenger in the national presidential election, Edward Lowassa, said the problems in Zanzibar could be mirrored across the country. Previous elections have turned violent on Zanzibar, whose two main islands are Unguja and Pemba.
Almost 7,000 jobs were created or safeguarded by foreign direct investment. Report said the UK remains the most popular EU destination for overseas firms. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said Wales had a "tremendous platform"
UN panel will try to determine if the Syrian government was responsible. The attack on Khan Sheikhoun was the most deadly in Syria in three years. It prompted a retaliatory US missile strike against a Syrian air base.
Ansar al-Sharia demanded the authorities release Islamist fighters from jail in exchange for the soldiers' safe return.
Ian Domingo, from Dumfries, had been in London for a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the campaign in which his grandfather was killed. His suitbag, containing badges commemorating service, was taken from the Virgin service from Euston. Elaine Higgins, from Barrow-in-Furness, had picked up his
Four-time Paralympic gold medalist David Weir retires from track racing. Weir says April's London Marathon will be his final road race. British Athletics says it is puzzled by Weir's comments.
Shropshire college said it had been operating with a "staff surplus" College said it would be offering voluntary redundancies to reduce the need for compulsory redundancies. A 30-day consultation has started to discuss the proposals.
Investigation concerns the CCEA A2 business studies paper. It has been alleged that some details from the paper were shared in advance. CCEA confirmed they were "aware of an allegation of malpractice"
Singer-songwriter appeared on two of the festival's smaller stages. Low-key appearances came a week after he played three sold-out solo shows at Wembley Stadium. Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds will close the festival on Sunday.
Last weekend, Sierra Leone was declared free of the Ebola virus. The country had been ravaged by civil war which ended in 2002. A former rebel, Cherif Samba survived the war and set up an Ebola clinic. He says his life has been transformed and that young people can change the world.
Sir Eric also served as secretary for communities and local government. He is one of several high-profile MPs who are standing down. The election will take place on 8 June.
Maxwell Cornet and Sergi Darder scored in the first half. Lucas Moura scored PSG's only goal of the game. Lyon remain 23 points clear at the top of Ligue 1.
The 29-year-old joined the Serie A champions from Bari in 2010. He has won five consecutive league titles, two Italian cups and reached the Champions League final in 2015.
Microsoft has launched its first wearable health gadget, the Band, in the US. Similar products from Samsung and Google are already on the market. 97,000 apps are on sale in the mobile health sector, according to the European Commission.
The miracle involved the healing of a Brazilian man with several brain tumours. Mother Teresa died in 1997 and was beatified - the first step towards sainthood - in 2003. She won the Nobel Peace Prize for her work with the poor in the slums of Kolkata (Calcutta)
Coastguard made the find at Duck Island near Culbin Forest on Sunday. Bomb squad experts carried out a controlled explosion on Monday evening. Beach understood to have been used for D-day landing training.
VW cars that are three years old or have done 36,000 miles are typically worth 42.21% of their original value. That is 2.7% lower than in September 2015, just before the scandal broke. Across the industry as a whole, second hand values have fallen by 2% over the same timeframe.
FBI has ordered Apple to disable security software on a dead murderer's iPhone. Mark Zuckerberg said he did not believe the authorities should have backdoors. Lawyer representing some of the gunman's victims has backed the federal bureau.
Hayati Lutfiah Hamid was buried at a ceremony in the Indonesian city of Surabaya. Nine bodies have now been recovered from the crash of AirAsia flight QZ8501. Bad weather has continued to hamper the search for the plane's victims.
Beauly will be the only representative from the lower leagues in the semi-final draw. Camanachd Cup rules require drawn games to be replayed. Lochaber also came close to creating an upset when they forced Kyles to come from behind twice to earn a 2-2 draw at Tighnabruich.
Prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt told reporters police targeted a group returning from Syria. He said the suspects had been about to launch attacks in a matter of hours. Four Kalashnikovs, bomb-making equipment and police clothing found, according to local media.
£200 "monocular" has a built-in laser illuminator to improve viewing in the dark. Stafford Borough Council: During winter it is more difficult to catch irresponsible dog owners.
Sam Boulter, 62, thought someone had broken into Honeybourne Railway Club. He then saw a squirrel "staggering around" after coming out from behind a box of crisps. Mr Boulter estimated he lost about £300 in the incident.
Labour will lay a motion at Holyrood calling for "full transparency" on the issue. Last month an official surveillance watchdog said two un-named UK forces undertook such activities. It has been claimed that Police Scotland is one of them.
Desmond Ricks was convicted of killing a friend in Detroit, Michigan, in 1992. He was sentenced to at least 32 years in prison, but was released last week. His lawyers say homicide detectives switched bullets in his mother's gun to pin a shooting on him.
Council officers visited 406 traders during Our Edinburgh initiative. 215 businesses did not have the correct waste collection contracts in place. Three further bins have been examined and found to contain up to 50% trade waste.
Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, died following incidents in their cells. Their relatives claim Woodhill's governor has not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions. Governor and Secretary of State say judicial review claim is 'neither appropriate or necessary'
The announcement comes as RAF stations in Lincolnshire celebrate their 100th anniversary. There has been some uncertainty in recent years whether the team would be retained. Sir Michael said: "I don't think the public would let us lose the Red Arrows"
Stage and TV actor Lord Rix is receiving 24-hour care in a retirement home. Crossbench peer voted against an Assisted Dying Bill in 2006. He said his illness has left him "like a beached whale" and in constant discomfort.
Stoke City defender Glen Johnson has signed a new contract. The 32-year-old joined the Potters from Liverpool in 2015. Johnson said the new deal was a "no-brainer"
Mario Balotelli claims he was racially abused during Nice's match with Bastia. The former Liverpool striker posted a picture of the alleged abuse on Twitter. Balotelli said: "We heard monkey noises in the warm-up and during the game"
Five out of six (84%) of those who voted in the ballot backed walkouts. Destinations on the line include London, Aberdeen, Inverness and Hull.
Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks with ankle injury. Bournemouth captain picked up the injury against West Ham in August. Eddie Howe also confirms Callum Wilson has had an operation.
Chris Evans announced he was stepping down as Top Gear presenter. Twitter users took to social media to comment on recent high-profile resignations. The hashtag #FarAJobForage was started after Nigel Farage stepped down as UKIP leader.
Winter mortality was especially high for bees in Belgium (33.6%) and the UK (29%) in 2012-13. But in spring-summer 2013 France was highest with 13.6%. Bumblebees and other wild bees were not studied, nor were pesticide impacts.
North Korea had requested the body, but has not confirmed its identity. It was released as part of a deal under which nine Malaysians prevented from leaving North Korea have now arrived home. The two countries had been locked in a diplomatic row in the wake of Mr Kim's murder in Kuala Lumpur last month
UN did not explain why the project with Wonder Woman, announced in October, would end on Friday. The character's "sexualised" appearance was one element critics deemed inappropriate. A petition against the selection gathered nearly 45,000 signatures.
The explosion blew out the boat's windows and hatch. The owner managed to escape the vessel and row ashore. He was later transferred to Glasgow for treatment.
Shafiq Mohammed was said to have verbally abused a woman and three men. The 50-year-old former Scottish Refugee Council worker was also found to have resisted arrest at a demonstration in Monkton, South Ayrshire, in 2015. However, the sheriff did not proceed to conviction of the accused in respect of the
Boy struck by car on Bank Street in Coatbridge. He was taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow. His condition is believed to be serious.
Report warns Liverpool is 'heading to a brick wall' when it comes to maintaining open spaces in the city. Proposal to increase council tax is one of 31 recommendations made in the report.
Ministry of Information said it had "successfully jammed the signals" But the BBC's Abdussalam Ahmed in Enugu says Radio Biafara is still broadcasting. It broadcasts mainly to the Igbo-speaking south-east of the country.
Jimmy Carlson, 64, from Islington, north London, has been appointed OBE. The former alcoholic became homeless after he was discharged from the Army. Doctor Daniel Moynihan who runs 13 academies across London has been knighted. Emma Colyer, 74, who helped set up a firearms amnesty in Lambeth
Boeing's new laser can track and damage a free-flying drone during a trial in California. The company says its device is the most portable yet, and can be collapsed into four parts light enough to carry.
The 18-year-old was found in Caldy Walk, Islington, on Wednesday. Two boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder and three others are being held. A post-mortem examination gave the cause of Mr Appleton's death as a stab wound.
Crues will retain the Gibson Cup if they beat the Lurgan Blues and Linfield fail to defeat Coleraine. Second-placed Linfield now trail the champions by eight points.
Ex-Scotland international says several of his old team-mates are affected. St John believes it is as the result of heading heavy footballs in the 1950s and '60s. Football Association said it was committed to supporting research into degenerative brain disease among former players.
Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Tennis Basketball Athletics Speedway Ice Hockey Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra.
Oil painting was commissioned by Royal Northern Sinfonia. Painting will be projected onto buildings around orchestra's home towns. Orchestra's new season includes concerts called Reclaiming Mozart.
500 self-service bikes will be located across the city from April 2017. Previous pilot scheme saw 70 bikes installed at 10 locations. Scheme will be financed through sponsorship income and at no cost to taxpayer.
Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane both hit centuries. India posted 622-9 declared in first innings. Sri Lanka were bowled out for 183 in reply.
PGA Tour says it cannot find sponsors to hold 2017 WGC-Mexico Championship. Donald Trump's Doral course has hosted the event for the past 55 years. PGA Tour commissioner says Mr Trump is a "brand" which makes it difficult to attract sponsors.
SNP has been trying to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol since 2009. Supporters say move is necessary to tackle Scotland's binge drinking culture. But five wine-producing nations - France, Italy, Spain, Bulgaria and Portugal - are concerned that it would increase the cost of their products. Scotch Whisky Association (
Parfitt died in hospital in Marbella, Spain, after complications from a shoulder injury. He had been due to launch a solo career with an album and autobiography planned for 2017. In October, he said he would no longer be performing with his band after suffering from a heart attack in the summer.
IPT will increase from 6% to 9.5%, a rise that was announced in the Budget. AA warned that young drivers - and motorists living in London - will be harder hit.
Derby ended 425-minute goal drought but lost 2-1 at home to Blackburn. Bristol City's Tammy Abraham scored his seventh league goal of the season. Queens Park Rangers are yet to score from open play in the Championship. Luton's Danny Hylton was sent off in stoppage time against Doncaster.
The Scottish League Cup gets into full swing on Saturday. Motherwell have lost to two English National League sides in pre-season. Partick Thistle face a tricky opener at home to Livingston, who won promotion to the Championship.
The Scottish government's Higher Education Governance Bill aims to improve the way universities are governed. One proposal has caused controversy is for directly elected chairs for university courts. This is seen by some as a threat to the role of the rector at the ancient universities.
Neil Warnock has made it clear he will give Peter Whittingham time to mull over the new deal on offer. Whittingham's current contract is due to expire this summer.
The rig is to be used in the plugging and abandoning of wells and a clean-up of Beatrice's platform complex. Full decommissioning of the field's facilities could take place between 2024 and 2027.
Selby beat Xiao Guodong 13-6 in the second round to set up a meeting with either Marco Fu or Neil Robertson. The Leicester man beat Fergal O'Brien 10-2 in the first round. Selby begins his last-eight match on Tuesday afternoon.
Penelope and Francois Fillon were questioned separately by police last week. Le Canard Enchaine said she earned 500,000 as her husband's assistant. Mr Fillon said that the information they provided would prove the work done by her.
Kelly accused a ball boy of'shoving to the ground' in the 86th minute. Incident was not seen by the match officials, but was caught on video. Kelly has until 18:00 GMT on Friday, 17 February to respond to the charge.
The 21-year-old had been at Hednesford Town on loan this season. He has experience in the fifth tier with Southport and Wrexham.
The 8ft guitar statue has been erected in East Park, Hull. Ronson gained musical fame working with David Bowie in the 1970s. He died in 1993, aged 46, after developing liver cancer.
A 25-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of theft. The phone was stolen during a gig at Sunderland's Stadium of Light. Police advised concert goers to be "extra vigilant"
The woman was struck by the Liverpool Street to Norwich service. Paramedics were called to the scene but the woman was pronounced dead.
53-year-old entertainer from Donegal said nerves impacted his performances. He said his anxiety was sometimes so bad he had struggled to walk down the stairs before the live show. Mr O'Donnell became the third celebrity to leave the competition at the weekend.
There are now eight contenders in the race to become the next 'psychic' octopus. One of those in the running is Lola from France, aged around five months. Lola will attempt to predict the winner of the opening game between Germany and Canada.
Lynch replaced Ashley Hoskin as manager in October 2015. The Seagulls managed four league wins under Lynch. Colwyn Bay are nine points from safety with eight games remaining.
190 competitors from countries including Russia, the USA and Japan took part. The event has raised about £400,000 for blind and visually impaired charities. A new conker is used for every round.
The Toyota Celica was seen on the A140 in Long Stratton, Norfolk. Police found it was tied in by a loose, thin, suitcase-like strap. Driver was given a traffic offence report notice and may face more action.
The nEUROn is being developed by a European consortium. It is the size of a fighter, with a bomb bay. The aircraft has already done radar tests to assess its stealth capabilities.
The BBC's Mohamed Madi goes to Soho to find out what's on offer in London's bars and clubs.
Nikki Haley said it was "hard to accept" that resolutions had been passed against Israel. She also said not enough had been done to criticise Iran, a "country with an abysmal human rights record" Mrs Haley was making her first address to the council in Geneva.
Church said it had a "moral responsibility" to act on environmental issues. It manages three investment funds worth about £8bn. Church joins Glasgow University and the British Medical Association in divesting. But some are calling for the church to go further and divest from all fossil fuels.
Swansea have lost their last three Premier League games. Saturday's 3-1 defeat to Liverpool left them a point above the bottom three. But the club's owners are understood to have no immediate plans to sack Guidolin.
Alejandro Dominguez diverted home Giannis Maniatis's effort before the break. Arsenal loanee Joel Campbell's precise shot doubled the lead. Robin van Persie blazed over the top when they finally opened up the Greeks.
The United Jihad Council has claimed responsibility for the attack. It is a coalition of militant groups fighting Indian rule in Kashmir. The attack on the Pathankot base is seen as an attempt to derail recent peace moves by Pakistan and India.
The woman, named only as Uzma, was escorted across the Wagah border by Indian High Commission officials. She has accused her husband, Tahir Ali, of torturing her. The incident comes amid increasing tension between India and Pakistan.
SNP's Angus MacNeil held his seat in Na h-Eileanan an Iar with 54% of the vote. Former Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy lost Ross, Skye and Lochaber to Ian Blackford. Lord Thurso lost Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross to the SNP.
Madagascar's constitutional court will now decide whether he has violated the constitution. Mr Rajaonarimampianina has been in office for 16 months. It was hoped his election would end years of political unrest on the island nation.
England captain Alastair Cook scores 263 in first Test in Abu Dhabi. Cook's innings is the third-longest by an Englishman. Joe Root made 85 and Ben Stokes hit 57 as Pakistan bowlers toiled.
It follows decision by the city's three further education colleges to join a national pay bargaining system. Members of the EIS union at other colleges across Scotland are due to strike on Tuesday and Wednesday in a separate dispute over pay.
Two weeks ago, an unmanned British Reaper drone did drop a missile on a group of so-called IS fighters in Syria that killed two British citizens. In the PM's view and, he says, the view of the government's most senior lawyer - the attorney general - that made the attack entirely proper
Castle is taller than the Great Wall of China and can be used by 100 people. It will also appear at Bestival on the Isle of Wight and Camp Bestival in Dorset.
It was discovered in a bin at Vere Foster Walk on Wednesday. It is understood that the item is not linked to the police investigation into a shooting on Sunday.
The girl, Yuyun, went missing on her way back from school. Her body was found in undergrowth two days later by villagers. Five men are also facing trial in connection with the case. Police say two more suspects are still on the run.
Killings thought to have taken place last year on a ranch in Michoacan. President Enrique Pena Nieto said he had dismissed Mr Galindo to allow for a transparent investigation.
Six-digit codes used to identify travellers are easy to guess. Few reservation checking systems limit how many attempts can be made to query details.
Police Federation warns service could be left without enough experienced officers. 94% of officers believe morale in the service is low, compared with 62% in the armed forces. Reforms following review of police pay and conditions introduced in 2013.
Leeds held a four-point advantage at the break after two converted tries from Jamie Peacock and one for Ash Handley. Rob Burrow then scored Leeds' fourth try, but Evalds reduced the deficit. Zak Hardaker's try on the hour, followed by Kevin Sinfield's fourth conversion,
Westgate Shopping Centre is due to reopen next year. Oxfordshire County Council has agreed to continue pedestrian crossing. The 'traffic order' still has to be signed off by the government.
ECB said safety and security of players was always paramount. England will play all fixtures in Dhaka or Chittagong during their month-long visit.
Ged Fitzgerald of Liverpool City Council and Geoff Driver of Lancashire County Council held by police. The men were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and witness intimidation. Mr Fitzgerald has been bailed by police, said Liverpool mayor Joe Anderson.
Cameron to hold talks with Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy in Madrid. He will then travel to Paris for dinner with French President Francois Hollande. The UK prime minister is facing resistance from France and Germany over his plans.
Torquay United beat Solihull Moors for the first time in nine games. Gulls boss Charlie Nicholson was unhappy with the attitude of his players. Torquay have not beaten Tranmere since 1998.
Titan Arum produces a bud several weeks ago, which has recently been growing at several centimetres a day. Up until Friday morning it had not been clear if it would produce a leaf, or a flower. Staff at the Garden said "it's going to be incredible" when the full bloom shows
Tyson Fury faces Wladimir Klitschko in a rematch in Manchester in October. Fury was charged by UK Anti-Doping Agency in June over alleged doping offences. A provisional suspension was lifted pending an independent investigation.
Bodies of Lukasz Slaboszewski, 31, Kevin Lee, 48, and John Chapman, 56, found in ditches 10 miles (16km) apart. Joanna Dennehy, 31, of Bifield, Orton Goldhay, Peterborough, pleaded guilty at Old Bailey. Admitted preventing "the lawful and decent burial
Drone specialist Tekever adapted existing Electroencephalography (EEG) technology. After months of training, "pilots" are able to teach their brain how to think about moving a small circle. Aviation expert John Strickland said the industry would be unlikely to adopt such technology due to a perception of being unsafe
Coleman & Company's contract ended in October. Debris from the building brought down in a controlled explosion still remains. All clearance work on the spot where the boiler house collapsed has been completed.
Jakarta governor Joko Widodo is seen by many as Indonesia's next president. Official election results will be announced in May. 19,000 seats were contested across Indonesia in Wednesday's polls.
AB InBev's brands include Budweiser, Stella Artois and Corona. SABMiller produces Peroni and Grolsch. If the deal goes ahead, the newly-created firm will make 30% of the world's beer.
The British Tennis Together initiative aims to make the sport more accessible. Over the next 10 years, it will raise the number of covered and floodlit courts by 50%. The LTA will invest £125m to improve existing community facilities. Clubs and communities can register their interest in bidding for the funding here
Government says second-home ownership is at an all-time high. There were 340,000 second homes in England in 2013/14 - a rise of 98,000 in five years. In March the then chancellor announced £60m would be spent on second homes. 150 councils will share the money over five years to build
The algorithm could be adapted for use in medicine, cybersecurity, business and the military, its creators said. The matches are being held over 20 days at Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh. Four human players are matched against Libratus, an artificial intelligence program. Viewers can watch the entire event live on video-
Wing Fu Cheung, 64, was stabbed 18 times during a robbery in January 2015. Portuguese national Virgilio Correia, 35, will serve at least 16 years in prison for the murder. Christopher Menaul, 27, from Barra Street in Antrim, will also serve nine years. Belfast Crown Court heard the
The attack was centred on al-Assad hospital, to the west of the city. Government forces retook the hospital after several hours, reports say. Deir al-Zour is in an oil-rich area and on a vital supply route to IS stronghold.
Pham Minh Hoang, 56, admitted having joined an opposition group. But he said his writings were not aimed at overthrowing anyone. His lawyer said he was exercising his right to free speech.
Lawro picked his two teams to go through from each group and reach the knockout stage. He is backing Argentina to win the World Cup and lift the trophy at the Maracana on 13 July. England face Uruguay, and Spain take on Chile in Group H's second round.
Combined takings from streaming, downloads, physical sales and licensing rose 5.1% to £926m. The main contributor to growth was streaming, but vinyl revenues rose by more than two thirds. However, more revenues could be generated by platforms such as Youtube.
Uber will rename the'safe ride fee' as a 'booking fee' The firm will also change the wording of its advertising to avoid safety-related language. Around 25 million US customers are affected by the settlement.
Three-year-old male lion believed to have escaped from Karoo National Park. Park officials believe it left through a hole under the fence. A tourist was killed last week by a lion at a game park near Johannesburg.
Floor stone dedicated to Larkin will be unveiled on 2 December 2016. It will be the 31st anniversary of Larkin's death. Larkin is widely regarded as one of Britain's finest 20th Century poets.
Janet Commins' body was found near a school field in Flint, north Wales. Stephen Hough, 58, was convicted of manslaughter, rape and sexual assault. He was cleared of murder but sentenced to 12 years for manslaughter.
Salva Kiir issued a decree dismissing all ministers and deputy ministers. No clear reason was given for the sackings, but analysts say Mr Kiir and Mr Machar have been embroiled in a power struggle for months. South Sudan has suffered from chronic economic problems since it split from Sudan in 2011.
The unmanned cargo ship was launched from Kazakhstan on Tuesday. Contact was lost with it soon afterwards. It cannot reach the ISS and is likely to break up on re-entering Earth's atmosphere.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron wants to take refugees directly from camps like this in the Middle East. The logic is that it will stop people making the perilous voyage across the Mediterranean. But taking 4,000 more people each year until 2020 will hardly dent the problem. Lebanon is a country of four million people, and
Both were on the vessel, Tara, when it ran into trouble. A 61-year-old Scottish man, and 49-year old woman from the Republic of Ireland died in the incident.
A number of homes were inundated in Gorleston and nearby Bradwell. The flooding followed a 90-minute downpour.
Sox was discovered under a car in the city's Kirkton area in March. Her owner took Sox to the vet but the cat died the following day. A post-mortem examination by the animal welfare charity revealed that the cat had been poisoned.
The team is associated with the Angels, a major league team in California. "We understand, in light of recent tragic events, that our intentions have been misconstrued," the team said.
Natalie Hemming, 31, from Milton Keynes, was reported missing on Tuesday. A 42-year-old man was arrested by Thames Valley Police earlier in connection with the investigation. Police said Ms Hemming's disappearance was "out of character"
Lorde performed at the VMAs despite being hooked up to an IV drip. The singer was praised for showing up, comfy trainers and all. She's not the first star to rock up to a gig when full of the lurgy.
van driver Scott Kennedy, 46, was taken by ambulance to Ayr Hospital where he died a short time later. The Fiesta driver, 50 year old Antony Sztuka, died at the scene.
Leicester City won the Premier League title last season and are now languishing at the bottom of the table. However, the Foxes are through to the last 16 of the Champions League. Season ticket holder Sam Webster remains quietly confident, but does not think the Foxes can go all the way in Europe. Hotelier
Gubbins (109) hit 15 boundaries as he enjoyed a 198-run partnership with Sam Robson (99) Paul Stirling (85) played solidly as Middlesex reached 407-9 at stumps. Somerset lost four wickets for 39 runs, but Stirling steadied the innings.
Tony Blair has not apologised for his decision to go to war in Iraq. Ed Miliband has gone the furthest in apologising on behalf of the Labour party. Colin Powell has repeatedly come under fire for his role in building the case for conflict.
Four women were celebrating on the River Dart, Devon, on Saturday. The vessel became stuck in mud as the tide went out. RNLI spokesperson said the group were "cold but otherwise unhurt"
An Adventure in Space and Time will be shown as part of Doctor Who's 50th anniversary. The one-off drama will be written by Mark Gatiss and star Harry Potter's Matthew Bradley.
Since December, the commission has been examining whether funding for the £16bn plant, to be built by developers EDF Energy, broke state aid rules. Anti-nuclear campaigners have called the commission's decision a 'U-turn'
Woman remains in a critical condition and man is still being treated for his injuries. Couple were told family members would be killed if they did not give gang what they wanted. Three men fled the scene with a "quantity of cash" at about 23:00 BST.
It will house the town's library, a cafe, community space and Anglesey's local history collection. Built in 1855, it was home to assembly rooms and a court.
Home secretary wrote to cabinet colleagues in December seeking approval to "reduce significantly" one type of stop and search. Despite setting a 12 December deadline, the changes are yet to be announced. Downing Street said the prime minister accepted reforms needed to take place.
Glentoran have slumped to 10th in the table after taking just one point from a possible 15. The Belfast Blues sit in second place and are five points behind champions Crusaders with a match in hand. Glenavon host Portadown in the fourth derby clash in Saturday's Premiership.
Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said it was "disappointed" by the vote. Doctors said decision to withdraw consultant-led obstetric and gynaecology services has left them feeling demeaned.
Dens beat the Highland League champions 2-0 at Dens Park on Saturday. Goals in each half from Faissal El Bakhtaoui and Sofien Moussa secured victory. McCann expects much better in the upcoming League Cup matches against Cowdenbeath and Dundee United.
Slovakia joined the EU in 2004 and the eurozone in 2009. Its forces have taken part in the Nato-led operation in Afghanistan. Slovakia has a significant Romany population which suffers disproportionately high levels of poverty and social deprivation.
Barker has not played competitively since dislocating his knee in March 2012. The 33-year-old is set to start training with Burton after undergoing minor knee surgery. He has been granted a testimonial year by the Championship club.
pavilion and green from Billingham's John Whitehead Park to form part of the 1950s town. Visitors will be able to try their hand at bowls and discover stories of the popular leisure pursuit. Beamish is also seeking people's memories of the bowling pavilion.
Nikita Parris headed home Karen Carney's cross to give England the lead. Carney doubled the visitors' advantage with a strike which took a heavy deflection. It extended England's unbeaten run to seven matches, with the past five of those ending in victories.
Google acquired Titan Aerospace in 2014, reportedly fending off a bid from Facebook. Titan drones were designed to bring the internet to remote rural areas. However, the solar-powered vehicles have faced technical difficulties and funding challenges.
Joseph Mensah was arrested on suspicion of assault on Sunday. He was then transferred to Manchester Royal Infirmary with leg injuries. After jumping from the first-floor window, he is believed to have caught a bus.
Born on 3 October 1916, Prof Frank Pantridge was a Belfast cardiologist. He invented the world's first portable defibrillator in 1966. The device was used to save former footballer Fabrice Muamba in 2012.
British super heavyweight Frazer Clarke beat Leinier Pero in the final bout to earn a consolation point. This was the Lionhearts first appearance in the WSB final.
Part-time side Oldham Roughyeds beat Championship side Hull KR. Hull KR coach James Webster described his side's performance as an "utter embarrassment" Last season's Challenge Cup winners Leigh lost at League 1 side Toulouse.
Evin prison is in the north of Tehran and has thousands of inmates. Human rights activists say they have documented systematic abuses there. Last year, the head of Iran's prison service was replaced amid allegations.
Accident happened on the A701 Howden Hall Road in Kaimes. The woman was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.
Girl arrested in 2008 for being disruptive outside a takeaway in Heywood. She alleged one of the workers had groomed and then raped her. It was nearly a year later when a CPS lawyer decided to drop the case. Chief prosecutor for the North West says he would have charged both men.
There are about 500 deaths a year in the UK from cardiac arrest among the under-30s.
Radio 1's audience fell by 3.2% in the last three months of 2016 compared with the previous quarter. Radio 1Xtra fell 11.4% over the same period. Capital saw its listenership drop by 3.1%. Kiss's breakfast show is now London's most popular commercial breakfast show
John Duns Scotus was born in the town of Duns around 1266. The festival hopes to bring the importance of his works to a new audience.
Last season, Tedesco took charge of second-tier FC Erzgebirge Aue for the last 11 games. He guided them to survival and has signed a two-year deal with Schalke. Julian Nagelsmann has extended his deal with Hoffenheim until 2021.
Celtic fans set off fireworks during Champions League clash with Galatasaray. Scottish champions also charged with improper conduct by Uefa. Celtic finished bottom of their group and without a win in six matches.
Path at Pontcysyllte Aqueduct will close from Monday until 17 February. Canal & River Trust said repair work is needed on the parapet of the structure. towpath will be open outside these hours from Monday to Saturday.
The Scottish Professional Football League has updated its disciplinary rules. All 42 clubs are expected to take strict disciplinary measures against fans who indulge in anti-social behaviour during matches. The updated guidance states that home clubs are responsible for "good order and security"
More than 6,000 people have died in the rebels' long fight for communist rule. The Maoists' military leader is Koteshwar Rao, otherwise known as Kishenji. Analysts say the longevity of the Maoist rebellion is partly due to the local support they receive.
Human body has around 40 trillion cells, each with a highly specialised function. Yet each can trace its history back to the same starting point - a fertilised egg. Developmental biology is the business of unravelling how the genetic code unfolds at each cycle of cell division.
The Briton finished more than two minutes ahead of Poland's Anna Harkowska. Storey can win a 17th title when she rides in Saturday's road race. The 37-year-old is Britain's most decorated female Paralympian with 22 medals.
The judge also fined him 1m shekels ($289,000; £171,000) and ordered that 560,000 shekels in assets be seized. Olmert's lawyers said he was innocent and would appeal. If he is unsuccessful he will become the first former head of government in Israel to be jailed
Queen's Speech seen as attempt to secure legacy of social reform for the PM. But critics say it is overshadowed by 23 June's referendum on EU membership. EU Out campaigners criticised the absence of a promised Sovereignty Bill. They said legislation had been "watered down" because of referendum
12-year-old snatched while swimming in a water hole in Kakadu National Park. Another boy was also mauled by the crocodile, but managed to escape. Rangers said neither of the two crocodiles appeared to be the attacker.
England face Switzerland in their first competitive match since the World Cup. The game marks the start of England's qualifying for the 2016 European Championships. Roy Hodgson's side lost to Uruguay and Italy in Brazil.
More than 60 people took their own life in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire last year. The app is aimed at being a stepping stone to specialised support.
20,000 tyres were found buried in and resting beside Lough Foyle. Gregory Allen and David McCullough pleaded guilty to one charge under waste legislation and one under marine legislation. They were sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for two years.
Australia were all out for 161 chasing 268 to win the first Test. Their innings finished with a record 154 consecutive deliveries without a run. Kusal Mendis top scored with 176 and Rangana Herath took 5-54.
At least 21 people were killed by the storm, the Red Cross said. But the city of Tacloban, which bore the brunt of Super Typhoon Haiyan last year, has emerged relatively unscathed. Albay province, which evacuated more than half its population, has called for those people to go home
Boyd Rankin has not represented England since January 2014. The 31-year-old suffered cramp in his only Test appearance against Australia. Rankin last played for England at the World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka in 2012.
Real Madrid are on the verge of breaking La Liga's all-time record for consecutive victories. Zinedine Zidane's side have won 16 games in a row in all competitions. Los Blancos lost 1-0 at home to Atletico Madrid in February, prompting Zidane to change his team's style of play
ECB have announced changes to the structure of county cricket. The aim is to make it more attractive to the supporters of the future. T20 Blast and a Lord's one-day final in July are the key outcomes of the changes.
28-year-old man arrested by police on suspicion of drink driving. Ilchester market cross knocked down after being hit by a car on Friday.
Reunion has a tropical climate and diverse landscape. It is home to one of the world's most active volcanoes. The territory sends seven deputies to the French National Assembly.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson meets Russian counterpart in Germany. Mr Tillerson says the US will consider working with Russia in some areas. But he says Washington will stand up for its own interests. Comes as questions are raised about the Trump team's dealings with Russia.
Rose fires five birdies and two bogeys to sit on seven-under and tied for third. Fowler (68) recorded six birdies in nine holes as he chases his first victory since Abu Dhabi in January. Defending champion Rory McIlroy had a one-over 73 to lie eight behind Fowler.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian for Championship club Rotherham United. Stubbs led Hibs to their first Scottish Cup win in 114 years last month. Millers finished one place outside the relegation zone last season.
Villagers in Mosul depend on Mosul Dam as a vital source of water and irrigation. The dam is falling into disrepair as a result of neglect over the past 18 months. Half the workforce has left the dam for other jobs on account of not being paid. Massive floods could kill and render homeless hundreds of
West Ham chairman was sent a tweet by a prankster asking to spread awareness of a "missing" Hammers fan turned out to be £7m signing Michail Antonio. The 25-year-old has made just one appearance for the Hammers.
Gammon joints, 700 pigs in blankets, cash and four charity boxes taken. Butcher Mark Griffiths said: "For some families their whole Christmas spread has been taken" He said he was in talks with wholesalers to try to replace what was stolen.
The two-time Australian Open champion won 6-3 4-6 7-6 (9-7) against Japan's Risa Ozaki. It was the 27-year-old Belarusian's first match since losing at the French Open in June 2016.
Leeds Rhinos have been training across the city since the river Aire burst its banks at Christmas. All seven training pitches and the main building at the Kirkstall site were contaminated by flood water at the end of December.
Five men and a woman, all aged 18 or 19, were found on Sunday. Police say a wood-burning stove was in use at the hut, but other possible causes are still being investigated. The owner of the hut said he had gone there after his children failed to return.
Transparency International accuses western governments of ignoring corruption as a major driver towards terrorism. It calls on them to press far harder for accountability in military budgets. The report comes as Iraqi forces advance on the IS stronghold of Mosul.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel beat Lewis Hamilton in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton hopes to turn the tables at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. Vettel insists that beating Mercedes "is not easy at all"
UK and US team found evidence for temperatures as high as 1,500C. They suggest the hotspot is created by thunderous soundwaves "breaking" in the thin upper reaches of the atmosphere. Temperatures in Jupiter's upper atmospheres soar much higher than can be explained by solar energy.
The governing body took the decision to switch the club's membership to OK Bulls Ltd after Khan's group bought the club from the administrators in August. No decision has yet been reached on what division the Bulls will compete in next season.
Riders have already won this season's BBL Trophy and the league title. They meet Sheffield Sharks in Sunday's play-off final at the O2 Arena. The game will be followed by the WBBL final between Nottingham Wildcats and Team Northumbria.
Souleymane Coulibaly opened the scoring for Kilmarnock. Steven Smith then added a second to seal the three points.
The UK as a whole scored particularly badly on obesity, being the fattest nation of all. Within the UK it was the West Midlands that had the highest percentage of obese adults at 29%.
The car tried to crash through the barriers at Place de la Concorde. Police opened fire as it sped away, and one of the two is a 16-year-old male. A third person, a young woman in hospital with bullet wounds, is also thought to have been in the car.
Sales volumes increased by 1.7% in November from the month before. Compared with the same month last year, sales were up by 5%. Lloyds Bank Commercial Banking said it was "too early" to say whether Black Friday was a success.
Mandarin Princess, trained by Charlie McBride, was declared winner of Thursday's 13:4 race at Yarmouth. But a scan afterwards identified the horse as three-year-old Millie's Kiss. Stewards referred the matter to the Britishracing Authority (BHA) The BHA described the incident as "unpre
Lord O'Donnell said it would take Parliament "years and years and years" to separate. "It very much depends what happens to public opinion and whether the EU changes before then," he said. He later told the BBC he did not think the EU would make radical changes.
The blast was caused by an explosion in the boiler room, officials say. Firefighters are struggling to bring the blaze under control. Low-cost manufacturing is a mainstay of Bangladesh's economy. But a series of industrial disasters have raised concerns about safety standards.
Hollande attended ceremony at Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp. Most of the 50,000 inmates were French resistance fighters. By the time of its liberation, almost half the prisoners had died.
Administration oversight allowed Sanmay Ved to buy the right to control the domain. He used a credit card to pay the $12 fee to grab Google.com. Google caught on and cancelled the transaction. Mr Ved has been given a reward for spotting the error.
10,000 strikers and 5,000 police officers clashed at the coking plant near Rotherham in June 1984. More than 120 officers and pickets were injured and 93 people arrested. On Tuesday, the Independent Police Complaints Commission ruled a full report into allegations of police misconduct will not be made public.
Iain Vigurs converted a penalty to bring Inverness level after Keith Lasley's foul on Ross Draper. Lionel Ainsworth's scooped shot evaded goalkeeper Owain Fon Williams and his defence to give Motherwell the lead.
Chuck Feeney made his money selling luxury duty free goods to travellers. But the 83-year-old has spent the last 30 years giving all his money away. He is the founder of The Atlantic Philanthropies, which has given away $6.5bn. His philosophy of 'giving while living' has inspired
Jack Lopresti said a letter sent to party members calling for a new candidate was part of an "attempt to destroy my character and reputation" Filton and Bradley Stoke MP left his wife for fellow MP Andrea Jenkyns, who gave birth to their son in March.
Kabali, the star's latest movie, will be released in some 12,000 screens. One of Asia's highest paid actors, is considered one of the most bankable stars. Excitement is mounting in southern India as the movie is set for release.
Police were called to Love Ranch brothel in Crystal, Nevada, on Tuesday. Mr Odom, who was married to reality television star Khloe Kardashian, has long struggled with alcohol and drug addiction. He was driven to hospital because he was too tall to be airlifted in a helicopter.
The UK government made clear the date it will officially trigger the process next Wednesday. Brussels officials are grateful that Theresa May did not trigger Article 50 this week. The rule in Brussels is: don't expect too much too fast.
The 2012 Tour de France champion's assertion was questioned after leaked World Anti-Doping Agency documents revealed he had been given three injections of allergy medication. Wiggins' use of the substance was legal as it was covered by a therapeutic use exemption (TUE) relating to his asthma.
1,600 spiderlings were hand-reared in the kitchen of project leader Dr Helen Smith. The project was organised by Natural England and Suffolk Wildlife Trust. It was aided by a grant from the BBC Wildlife Fund.
Under clause she cannot be leader as her sons are British, not Burmese. But she has vowed to lead from the sidelines instead. The candidate thought most likely to become president, Htin Kyaw, is a close aide.
Brittany Wenger is applying computer science to cancer diagnosis. She is teaching a computer program how to detect patterns in tumours. The software is being tested in hospitals in the US and Italy. Now she wants to become both a paediatric oncologist and a research scientist.
State-run Sudan TV is re-running programmes made during the north-south civil war. The programmes urge "jihad" against "the enemy" - namely South Sudan's ruling party. Khartoum's official TV is not showing contemporary footage from Heglig. Instead, it relies on
Nearly one in 10 people in South Cave object to the plans. The developer wants to build on land off Little Wold Lane. South Cave Parish Council has also objected to the proposal.
European workers now make up 6.8% of Britain's workforce. The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by 224,000 in the past year. Supporters of the Vote Leave campaign said the latest numbers were evidence of "uncontrolled migration" But the prime minister's office said the broader point
Simpson, 76, was one of the shortlisted artists in 1991. He has also made the prize longlist on three other occasions. Squint (19) depicts a leper squint and is about 7ft (2.1m) in height.
Chukwudu Onwuamadike says he was unlawfully detained and subject of trial by media. He stated that he should be charged or released. Police have told the BBC that they obtained an order from the Federal High Court to hold him for three months.
Northern Ireland lost 2-0 to Luxembourg on Friday night. Michael O'Neill's side lost 3-2 to Luxembourg last month. Jonny Evans was sent off for the visitors.
Nama's Northern Ireland portfolio sold to US investment fund Cerberus for £1bn. National Crime Agency is leading criminal inquiry into the Nama loan sale controversy. All those involved in the deal deny any wrongdoing.
Thames Water said the flooding was caused by a burst water main. It apologised to customers but said it could not estimate how many people were affected. Police and London Fire Brigade attended the scene, while trains were not stopping.
The 82-year-old has had health problems in recent years. Crown Prince Naruhito, 56, is next in line to the Chrysanthemum Throne. Emperor Akihito succeeded his father, Hirohito, in 1989.
Minister Mark H Durkan said drilling could have a significant impact on the environment. Tamboran Resources wanted to drill a 750m deep hole at a quarry at Belcoo. It issued a statement saying it was "deeply concerned" by the minister's decision.
Peers serving in UK cabinet have set the precedent, accountants' group says. Party in assembly have questioned the idea on the grounds of democracy.
The higher education sector largely supported remaining in the UK. Universities fear losing research funding, students and staff. Some universities are considering expanding into Europe as a way round the problem.
UK experts said people with long-term illnesses and undiagnosed diabetes often felt tired during the day.
GB were beaten 5-1 by Slovakia in the play-off in Japan. Matt Clarkson grabbed a late consolation strike for GB. GB last represented the sport at the Winter Paralympics in Turin in 2006.
Daniel Rooney was 18 when he and a friend were shot by MRF soldiers. The army claimed the men were armed, but witnesses dispute this. Mr Rooney was buried without a post-mortem examination.
The Welsh author is up against Dirt Road by Kelman and His Bloody Project by Macrae Burnet. The winner will be announced in Edinburgh on 24 November.
Earnshaw scored five goals in seven appearances for Forest. He also got two in a 5-2 victory at the City Ground in the previous month. The 33-year-old ex-Wales international had a miserable year-long stay at Derby.
UK house prices increased by 5.2% in the year to the end of July. Prices in London rose by 5.5%, slightly lower than England of 5.6%. Analysts suggest that the time of double-digit price rises in London is over for now.
RCN's London regional director said essential services were at 'breaking point' Last year 17% of all London's registered nursing jobs were vacant.
Karrueche has tweeted that she can "only take so much" and seems to have broken up with the singer via social media. It follows claims he fathered a child with another woman.
Sandra Bland, 28, was arrested on 10 July over a confrontation with a policeman. She was found dead in her cell three days after her arrest. Coroner's report said Bland hanged herself but her family doubt this.
Ban Ki-moon's term as UN Secretary-General ends at the stroke of midnight on 31 December. For the first time in the 70-year history of the UN, the declared candidates will take part in public hustings. This is a radical departure for an organisation that rivals the Vatican in
The London trio are up for best UK act and best album. They also get two nominations in the best song category. This year's Mobos will be held outside of London for the first time.
Arrests follow a week long crackdown on drug dealing in Gloucestershire. Police have charged six people with drug offences following earlier raids.
The 33-year-old is the son of former Proteas Test batsman Jimmy Cook. England have already won the four-match series and lead it 2-0. Cook has scored two centuries and a 76 in his past three matches.
Police arrested 14 anti-fascists after an attack on three bald men. Protest initially organised to oppose an anti-immigration march that failed to materialise.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are visiting Bhutan. They will be hosted by the country's young king and queen.
In the late 1960s/early 1970s, the French Alps had 375 sq km of ice. By the late 2000s, this area had fallen to about 275 sq km. Research presented at the American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting.
Fergus Wilson said it was "not a colour issue" but an "economic judgement" The Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating and says it will seek legal action where necessary.
Two tanks hit an electricity line and exploded when the train derailed. The authorities ordered an evacuation as firefighters battled the blaze. Hitrino, a town of around 800 people, is located in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province.
Linda Clarke, 55, walked out of hospital after cutting her wrists. She sat on a ledge over the M602 in Salford before Sean Earle stole her bag. The 26-year-old "saw his opportunity" to steal her bag, court heard. Earle, of Trevelyan Street, Salford,
Hamilton pressured team-mate Nico Rosberg into a mistake during a frantic last 10 laps after a safety car and swept by. Sebastian Vettel could have kept the race open until Mexico next weekend had he finished second, but could manage only third place behind Rosberg.
Jamie Leek of Clifton, Nottingham died in Zante in June 2012 when he was hit by a motorcyclist. A Greek appeal court has upheld his sentence of four years and 10 months but suspended it for three years. Jamie's mother Lydia said the family "feel cheated of justice"
Mr Anderson, who also created Captain Scarlet, Joe 90 and Stingray, died in 2013. His son Jamie, from Highworth in Wiltshire, said the proceeds will be donated to the Alzheimer's Society. The 19in (48cm) replica with optic eyes and the "same make of teeth as the original
Changes will be in stages, starting with pupils due to take GCSE exams in 2017. English and maths will be the first subjects affected. Pupils who fail will be awarded a "U" for an unclassified result.
Nigeria Football Federation terminate Stephen Keshi's contract. The move comes just two weeks after NFF opened an investigation into reports that Keshi applied to manage Ivory Coast while under a valid contract with Nigeria.
Downing Street says the curbs are being considered in response to 'widespread public concern' The PM's official spokesman said there was particular concern about the pressure created by migrants on local services.
Noah Yabbacome, 24, was arrested after police raided his father's church. Police found over 800 indecent images of children together with "extreme" photographs depicting bestiality.
The 95% target had not been hit for 33 consecutive weeks. NHS England praised its front-line staff for dealing with high workload.
Foster parents say "no discussions" took place prior to the children's removal. The children - who are European migrants - were removed by social workers. Council leader Roger Stone said it was launching an immediate investigation. Education secretary Michael Gove said the "wrong decision" was made "in the wrong
The wager on Murray would net a £175,000 return, including the stake. Ladbrokes believes it to be the largest tennis bet ever placed in Scotland. Murray ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's singles champion in 2013.
A 20-year-old man was attacked with a weapon in Rutherglen. He was treated in hospital for a leg injury. Detectives believe the man in the images may be able to help with their inquiry.
Mr Yarrington, who served as governor from 1999 to 2005, had been on the run for almost five years. The ex-governor is accused of taking millions of dollars in bribes from drug cartels in return for turning a blind eye to their smuggling activities. Officials did not reveal how they located Mr Y
Chesterfield midfielder Gary Liddle was sent off after only 16 minutes. Colchester's winless run in League One stretched to 17 matches.
The 122-year-old Victorian structure last underwent refurbishment in 1970. Work will take place on the timber decking, lifting mechanism and water proofing its brick arches. Tooley Street is also closed eastbound until 2018 to allow Network Rail's rebuilding of London Bridge railway station.
Sir Tom was dropped from the BBC contest last year. But ITV has bought the rights to broadcast the programme from 2017. He will be joined by Jennifer Hudson, Will.i.am and Gavin Rossdale.
The series, written by Bruno Vincent, follows on from the success of the recent Ladybird book spoofs for adults. The original 21 books featured Julian, George, Dick, Anne and their dog Timmy. Famous titles include Five on a Treasure Island and Five Go to Smuggler's Top.
A 17-year-old boy was arrested at an address in Netherton, West Midlands Police said. He remains in custody, and police are questioning him. A man, 65, suffered stab wounds to his head, shoulder, chest and back.
The Only Way is Essex (Towie) is set in the Essex town of Brentwood. Borough council leader Louise McKinlay said it has been "largely positive" But she added: "Everything has a shelf-life"
The 38-year-old was arrested on Friday on suspicion of preventing a lawful burial and perverting the course of justice. The child had not been seen in the 11 years since its disappearance was first reported.
Facebook reported a drop in first quarter profits to $205m from $233m a year earlier. Yahoo sued Facebook for patent infringement earlier this year.
The Lions star had been out since sustaining a knee injury in Ireland's World Cup defeat by Argentina. Bowe came through unscathed before being replaced at half-time.
He said in a tweet: "I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings" Days after he fired Mr Comey in May, the president had tweeted: "James Comey better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations..." He has been under pressure to produce the tapes amid inquiries
Andrew RT Davies defended his party from criticism that it simply opposes Labour policies. He said: "At every juncture we bring forward an alternative, we don't just criticise" Mr Davies also praised Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb's handling of the Wales Bill.
Hearts finished fifth in the Scottish Premiership this season. Director of football Craig Levein described it as 'frustrating and a tad disappointing' Levein says mistakes in the January transfer window were to blame.
Fire crews in south Wales have dealt with 623 deliberately-set grass fires since 1 April. Now residents have approached South Wales Fire and Rescue Service to volunteer as "spotters" 45 firefighters are tackling one fire, covering 148 acres (60 hectares), in the Swansea Valley.
The president was a law professor at the university and still lives there. He indicated he was leaning towards choosing his hometown in a recent phone call. The losing cities also have strong connections to the Obama story.
Toyota expects net profit in the year to March of 1.7 trillion yen ($15.1bn; £12.1bn), compared with a previous forecast of 1.55 trillion yen. That is despite losing its top-selling carmaker status to Volkswagen in 2016.
Laura Matthews, 29, was told her signature infringed a trademark in July. She was issued with the document several weeks later, after threatening to take legal action. But she has now been told the passport was issued in error and has been cancelled. Ms Matthews added the middle name using a deed poll in 2008
Ummariyat Mirza, 21, is charged with preparing for a terrorist attack in the UK. His sister Zainub Mirza, 23, is accused of sending Islamic State propaganda videos to others. The siblings were ordered to appear at the Old Bailey for a preliminary hearing.
Queen's athlete Mitchell has achieved Commonwealth Games consideration standards in the 5,000m and 10,000m. Derry Track Club's Kirk-Smith won the men's 3,000m steeplechase in 8:55.72. Ciara Mageean eased into Sunday's 800m final with a dominant heat performance.
Rangers beat Dundee United 4-0 at Ibrox on Saturday lunchtime. Celtic beat Greenock Morton 3-0 at Celtic Park. Hibernian drew 1-1 with Caledonian Thistle at Easter Road.
Pakistan's People's Party chairman Bilawal Bhutto was visiting a hospital. His 10-month-old daughter, Bisma, needed urgent medical care. The infant's father claims he couldn't gain entry for more than an hour.
Men were crushed while working at Shredmet Ltd in Birmingham in 2016. Police and the Health and Safety Executive are still investigating the incident. Families said they were frustrated at the length of time the investigation was taking. Two survivors said they would never forget what they had witnessed.
Thomas Orr, David McKenna and Scott Ferries scored for Shire. David Galt headed against the outside of the post for Spiders.
The city accepted 105 people from October to March under the Government's expanded resettlement programme. The council said the first refugees arrived in 2014 and all costs associated with it "are met by the UK Government"
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, 25, pleaded guilty to attempting to blow up a commercial plane as a would-be suicide mission for al-Qaeda. He was badly burned when a bomb sewn into his underwear failed to detonate fully. Federal Judge Nancy Edmunds said: "This was an act of terrorism that
Of the 38 people who were killed in the incident, 33 were on Tui holidays. Tui is also worried about the effect of migrants on its Greek business. The company reported a group profit of 49.4m for the quarter.
cylindrical device was discovered at the Scaur at Kirkcolm on Wednesday. Police spokesman said the small bomb was rusty and resembled a dog bone. He urged anyone who finds similar devices not to touch them.
Under the Affordable Care Act, employers are required to cover the cost of contraception with insurance. Religious groups argue that they should be exempt from the requirement because it violates religious liberty. A tie would uphold lower court rulings in support of the administration but not set a national precedent.
Solar Impulse craft has to divert to Japan due to poor weather conditions. Pilot Andre Borschberg was 36 hours into the journey from China to Hawaii. The team will now wait in Japan for clearer skies before attempting to continue. This is the seventh leg in an attempt to circumnavigate the globe using just the
Karamoko Dembele came on for final nine minutes of Celtic Under-20s' win against Hearts. He replaced Jack Aitchison, 16, who became Celtic's youngest-ever player in the final game of last season. The Ivorian went viral with a series of tricks playing for Celtic
Hereford chief executive Colin Gordon has been in charge since January. Harriers have struggled all season in the aftermath of major financial problems. Gordon has stated that he does not want the head coach's job full-time.
Two Texas stations were among those which broadcast the material. Broadcasters advised to change passwords on the hardware many use. Barix streaming boxes are popular with broadcasters and PA professionals.
Kelechi Iheanacho opened the scoring for Manchester City. Andre Ayew's deflected free-kick cancelled out the opener. Manchester City's vastly superior goal difference means Manchester United would need a 19-0 win over Bournemouth to take fourth place.
The 38-year-old shot a six-under-par 66 before play was suspended. Five players are one shot behind Watson in China. England's Tommy Fleetwood is three shots back.
Midfielder Doughty stabbed home in the 94th minute after Millwall failed to clear a free-kick. Lee Gregory burst through the defence to score his 22nd goal of the season. Millwall remain fifth and have gone five games without defeat. Swindon - whose unbeaten run now stands at six league games
Shadow home secretary says Theresa May allowed officer numbers to fall. Between 2010 and September 2016, police workforce numbers fell by 13%. Labour has been targeting cuts to the Home Office's policing budget. Security is featuring heavily in the final days of campaigning before election.
Albert Reynolds led Fianna Fil in two coalition governments. He was taoiseach (prime minister) for just under three years from 1992 to 1994. His party said his greatest achievement was in Anglo-Irish relations.
Coventry Cathedral lit up in blue, white and red to mark Paris attacks. Human chain idea came from a similar event held annually in Dresden. BBC Coventry and Warwickshire was broadcasting the event live.
Sarstedt's Where Do You Go To (My Lovely) topped the UK singles chart in February 1969. It remained number one for four weeks and won the Ivor Novello award for best song composition. He died peacefully after a six-year battle with Progressive Supranuclear Palsy.
Children's laureate Victoria Blackman's book Noughts and Crosses being adapted. The drama is based on the critically-acclaimed first book in the series. Set in a dystopian society where black people are the ruling class.
The offences are alleged to have occurred between 2005 and 2012. The six are due before magistrates in Sheffield on March 21.
Vincent Kompany was making his first appearance since May 4. The 30-year-old had thigh surgery during the summer. City have stayed in south Wales since Wednesday's match.
Foreign Office withdrew British embassy staff from the capital, Tripoli, last week. Gunmen have besieged the justice and foreign ministries recently. Parliament passed a law last week barring Gaddafi-era officials from political office.
Nicky Morgan was addressing the National Association of Head Teachers conference. One head asked if the schools minister was running the Department for Education. This all falls within the remit of schools minister Nick Gibb.
Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service called. Up to 21 patients were moved to another area of the hospital. The alarm was raised at 07:00 GMT.
Tommy Roome, of Rams Grove, Romford, has been accused of murdering Mr Hayden, 27. Mr Roome was also charged with the attempted murder of Mr Hayden's father, Paul, 46. He is due to appear at Barkingside Magistrates' Court on Friday.
Felix Alexander was 17 when he was hit by a train last year. His mother Lucy has now set up The Felix Project. It aims to help teachers spot signs of a child being victimised.
Jones, who has been in the show since he was 10, said viewers should question the impact such programmes had on them. The clip was posted by the Forerunner Christian Church in California.
The UK aims to import enough hydro-power from Norway to provide 14% of yearly household electricity needs. The North Sea Network (NSN) interconnector is due to be completed in 2021.
Jacob Brentnall drove to Manchester from his home in Nottingham after midnight. The 21-year-old then drove a family of three to Leeds, before returning home. He said the family he took to Leeds were visibly "shook up"
The lion, called Sylvester, crawled under an electric fence after heavy rains dislodged earth. The park authorities intend to use a helicopter to find the lion. He was fitted with a tracking collar after he was on the loose for three weeks last year.
Local parties complained about being excluded from UK-wide debates. But threats of legal action came to nothing. The two main unionist parties were accused of playing sectarian politics.
Grant Ward's scuffed shot put Town ahead before Luke Varney rolled the ball into an empty net. Cole Skuse's long-range shot fell to Tom Lawrence, who capped the scoring with a calm finish into the corner. QPR sub Sandro headed Tjarron Cherry's corner against the post
Healthcare workers are visibly struggling, the response to the outbreak has been damned as "lethally inadequate" The World Health Organization is using an educated guess of 20,000 cases before the end. The true potential of the outbreak is unknown and the WHO figure has been described as optimistic.
PSNI officer posted on Facebook that the petrol bombs had been found in Colinview Street. It followed an incident earlier this week when a petrol bomb was thrown at police.
New platform will monitor shipping lanes for pollution and icebergs. It will survey land surfaces for evidence of subsidence. Operating in same orbit but separated by 180 degrees, the pair will map the entire Earth every six days.
Scottish Fishermen's Federation (SFF) had taken a neutral stance before the referendum. Members have now met in the wake of the result, and said it was the preferred option. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said one of her priorities is to protect Scotland's place in the EU.
Coastliner bus driver seriously injured in crash on A64 at Flaxton, near York. Five of the 16 passengers on the bus and one of two in the Toyota Yaris car also taken to hospital. Driver pronounced dead at the scene, police said there was nobody else in the vehicle with him.
The 28-year-old Croatia international will sign the deal, which has a £109m (125m euros) buyout clause, on Friday. Rakitic has made 145 appearances for Barca since his 2014 move from Sevilla.
Inverness are five points adrift at the bottom of the Scottish Premiership. Richie Foran's side travel to Ross County on Sunday. Caley Thistle have only won four league games all season.
A drain had become blocked by debris, leading water to spill over. Fife Council said it was disappointed and frustrated at the flooding.
Council needs to save £22.3m - 10% of its budget - by 2017/18. Accounts Commission is the public spending watchdog for local government in Scotland.
Ronald Dickens, 47, admitted rape at Coventry Crown Court on Monday. He followed woman in her 20s into Newbold Road in Rugby in 1985. Dickens dragged her into a lane and raped her, police said. Cold case review using new DNA techniques led to breakthrough.
Zhou Youguang helped invent Pinyin, a writing system that turns Chinese characters into words. This makes it easier to learn how to pronounce Chinese words, and is credited with helping raise literacy rates in China. Despite his achievements, Mr Zhou remains largely unknown in his home country.
Hyde is Stevenage's fourth signing of the summer. The 26-year-old was released by York City after failing to score in 14 appearances last season. Hyde netted 26 times in 69 appearances in a two-season spell at Barnet between 2012 and 2014.
The Crucible's Show Boat and Flowers for Mrs Harris up for two awards. Paapa Essiedu, Royal Shakespeare Company's first black Hamlet, also in running. Sir Ian McKellen will receive a special prize at the ceremony in October.
Naismith was not an automatic first choice after Norwich dropped down to the Championship in England. He moved to Carrow Road from Everton in January 2016, but he was unable to help prevent Alex Neil's Canaries being relegated. After Neil was sacked in March, the striker was a more regular starter as Norwich
UK study shows hearing partially improved in deaf gerbils. Nerves in the ear which pass sounds into the brain were rebuilt. Getting the same improvement in people would be a shift from being unable to hear traffic to hearing a conversation.
More than 100 shops, 25 restaurants and cafes, a cinema and 61 flats will be built. The multi-storey car park on the site was demolished last year. It will be replaced with a 1,000-space underground car park.
Five million Tunisians have registered to vote in the election. The Islamist Ennahda Movement is expected to win most seats. But no party is likely to win a majority of seats in the renamed National Assembly.
Out Among the Stars comes out in March and features 12 tracks by the American singer. It includes duets with Cash's wife June Carter and friend Waylon Jennings. The recordings came to light only when John Carter Cash found them in 2012.
Study looks at adverse experiences in childhood (ACEs) Children with four or more ACEs are three times more likely to get lung or heart disease. One senior health figure said instead of "mending broken adults" a focus was needed on "building stronger children"
Jim McCafferty, 71, is charged with eight counts of touching a boy under 16. The crimes are alleged to have happened in Belfast between 2012 and 2015. He previously lived in Glasgow and worked at Celtic for more than 20 years.
Laura Whittle joins Steph Twell and Eilish McColgan in the 5,000m. Hammer throwers Mark Dry and Chris Bennett have also been given selectors' picks. It is the highest Scottish representation in track and field since 1908.
First-team coach Andy Smith, goalkeeping coach Marco Tabuas and fitness coach Maykel Moreira have now also left Vale Park. The three all arrived when Ribeiro was appointed in the summer. Vale face a home game with Chesterfield on Friday before a trip to Oldham on Monday.
Association of Teachers and Lecturers voted to lobby for libraries to be included in Ofsted inspections. Department for Education said that school libraries "played a vital role"
Cafodd y gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn oriau mn fore Mercher, ace dros 200 o ddiffoddwyr a 40 injan dn wedi bod yn ceisio diffodd y fflamau scyn
Bournemouth failed to provide accurate information on three occasions. Manchester City were fined £35,000 and given a warning. Bournemouth yet to learn their punishment from the FA.
She was cast aside by Henry VIII for being unable to provide the Tudor dynasty with a male heir. Her tomb was of black marble, with gilded letters and decoration. Oliver Cromwell's soldiers stole the gilding during the sack of the cathedral in 1643.
Alan Turing worked on cracking the Enigma code during World War Two. He was arrested for gross indecency after an affair with a 19-year-old man. The conviction meant he lost his security clearance and had to stop his work. Justice Minister Chris Grayling said Turing was an 'exceptional man'
Mr Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc. He is the first sitting US president to set foot in the country since Ronald Reagan 33 years ago.
Oldham's League One clash with Stevenage has been called off. The referee was happy with the pitch when he arrived at the ground at 11:00 GMT. But persistent rainfall over the last 18 hours meant that the surface was unfit.
Scotland's Russell Knox will play a practice round with Sandy Lyle. Lyle won the 1988 Masters at Augusta. Knox is the only other Scot in the field.
Simpson made his Middlesex debut in June 2009. The left-hander has scored 6,687 runs for the club.
A San Francisco judge has placed January's executive order in limbo. The White House is vowing to appeal the decision. San Francisco and Santa Clara County sued in February.
Government has said 20,000 refugees will be brought to Britain. But Cardinal Nichols said most Christians did not go into the camps. He said: "If we are going to deal purely with UNHCR then there can be no preference given to anybody on behalf of their faith"
Police in Sangli district said the remains were "buried with the intention of disposing them" They were looking for the foetus near a local hospital when they made the grisly discovery. "It appears to be an abortion racket," said Dattatray Shinde, superintendent of police.
Dyddgu Hywel, Mel Clay and Sioned Harries all crossed in the first eight minutes. Jess Kavanagh-Williams and Elen Evans added second-half tries with Elinor Snowsill converting four. RAF and Wales full-back Charlie Murray scored a late Forces consolation.
Gareth Benbow, 33, of Inverness, was accused of having a vendetta against Raigmore Hospital in Inverness. Jailing Benbow for two years and five months, Sheriff Margaret Neilson said he had a "misguided view" he was not treated properly.
Johnny Marr has released an extract from his memoir Set The Boy Free in the Guardian. He said he met Morrissey in 2008 and discussed re-forming The Smiths. The guitarist said it would "make a hell of a lot of people very happy" But by the time he returned from Mexico with The Crib
Mark McGhee has been assistant to Scotland manager Gordon Strachan. Motherwell sacked Ian Baraclough last month. McGhee was in charge at Fir Park for two years before leaving in 2009.
Report: 25% of the world's food is traded on international markets. Infrastructure at the chokepoints is often old and would struggle to cope with natural disasters. Chatham House urges governments to invest in "climate-resilient" infrastructure.
Damage to overhead wires meant the line was blocked north of Morpeth. Virgin East Coast, Northern Rail, and Cross Country services affected. Reports of large queues at Newcastle Central Station.
There is a survival rate of up to 90% when ovarian cancer is caught early. Symptoms are often put down to other common ailments and the tumour can be missed. Scientists already know that levels of a protein in the blood, called CA125, are often higher with ovarian cancer.
England have won their last 10 Six Nations matches. They have scored 102 more points in the final quarter of matches than opponents. But they have struggled to put teams away early in games. Scotland are outsiders again this weekend, but seldom in 34 years have they travelled in such form.
The bodies were found on Sunday, but no identities have been released. Nicholas Figueroa and Moises Lucon have been reported missing. A further 22 people were injured in the explosion and subsequent fire.
Dtek50 is firm's second Android handset after switching to its struggling BB10 platform. One analyst said the phone was the "right move" but that the company still faced an "uphill battle" with devices.
Rishikesh and Haridwar are popular pilgrimage sites in India. River Ganges is pristine most of the year, but is exposed to human waste. This exposure increases chance of antibiotic resistance genes being spread. Resistance organisms can be washed into river in people's guts. They can then be carried back to their own
Man in his 30s attacked in Wythenshawe, Greater Manchester Police say. He was taken to hospital but died from his injuries.
The scene from Alice in Wonderland in Wardie Primary's assembly hall dates back to 1936. A mother has lodged a complaint about the image describing it as racist. Edinburgh City Council said it understands the offensiveness of the image but said it does not reflect the attitudes of the school.
British number four Aljaz Bedene was knocked out of the Chennai Open. The world number 101 lost 6-3 6-0 to French fifth seed Benoit Paire. British number 45 Kyle Edmund was beaten 6-7 (2-7) 6-4 6-4 by Stanislas Wawrinka.
MacLean has scored 11 goals in 23 games for the Premiership outfit this season. The 33-year-old former Scotland Under-21 cap arrived from Yeovil Town in 2012.
The cloning of the first animal from an adult cell was a remarkable scientific achievement. It promised new treatments for debilitating diseases. But it also raised fears of cloned human beings, designer babies and a dystopian future.
Mark McKenna, 38, from Northfleet, in Kent, pleaded guilty to arranging a child sex offence. He was arrested near a car park at the Bluewater shopping centre in August. McKenna had thought he was meeting the girl after sending her explicit messages online. But in fact he had been talking to the
IS militants have launched at least four suicide attacks on Kobane. The first of the attacks was near the Turkish border crossing. It is thought to be the first fighting in that area.
The bridge will link the two sections of the town over the River Adur estuary.
Ron Jones only retired from collecting for the Royal British Legion in 2016. He was captured in the Middle East during World War Two. Mr Jones said he arrived at Auschwitz in October 1943.
The discovery was made by a man who was carrying out gardening work at his home in Killakee, Firhouse. Preliminary examination indicated it may have been in the ground for "up to 70 years"
Man City and Man United will play in the International Champions Cup. Leicester will play Barcelona and Paris St-Germain in China. Man United's pre-season tour will be shorter than in recent years.
Aggreko reported a 24% drop in pre-tax profits for 2016 to £172m. Much of that explained by the weak oil drilling and refining markets in the US. It reduced the valuation of its US assets by £30m, though it said there were signs of that market recovering.
Alasdair Dudgeon was knocked off his bike near the Kincardine Bridge. The 51-year-old suffered a broken neck and internal injuries. James Sneddon, 42, found guilty of causing the bakery worker's death.
Ten Protestant workmen were shot dead by an IRA gang in 1976. Their minibus was ambushed in the south Armagh village of Kingsmills. A palm print found on a van used in the murders was believed to belong to the suspect. On Thursday, the Public Prosecution Service decided not to prosecute him
Police issued an alert after a complaint was made that two men were acting suspiciously near secondary schools in Carrickfergus. Mysterious pictures online of a clown and a balaclava-wearing sidekick have caused a stir in the town. Police said they started an investigation after receiving reports from parents that their children were
Russia and Turkey have been profoundly shaken by the murder of Andrei Karlov. But it has not prompted a new crisis in bilateral relations as some feared. Instead, Presidents Erdogan and Putin have used the same language. They have called it "a provocation" aimed at derailing ties and vowing it would not
Most important ground floor rooms in the stately home to be restored. Upper floors to be used for exhibitions and events. About 95% of the Grade I-listed house was damaged in the fire. Earl of Onslow has said it should remain a ruin.
In conversations with politicians on the remain side, I have come across a mix of bewilderment, frustration and sadness. Those that supported leaving feel vindicated by their campaign, and now believe they are the ones in touch with vast swathes of the population. The early signs are that the Wales Office would like to play
Os oes ganddoch chi awr i SBario y penwythnos yma Ionawr 28-30 mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar RSPB Cymru eisiau eich help chi. Fel rhan o'u hymgyrch Gwylio Adar
Alex Baptiste scores the only goal of the game in the second half. The win extends Preston's unbeaten run to seven games. Norwich City slip to fourth in the Championship.
Friesians found in Dolwen, near Old Colwyn, on Friday after eating tree clippings. North Wales Police said culprit is described as a heavily built man, aged 50 to 60. Anyone with information can call 101.
Park View Educational Trust said it may be removed from running the schools. Oldknow Academy and Golden Hillock School, also rated inadequate, were warned they could lose funding. Ofsted published 21 reports into schools allegedly targeted as part of a hardline Muslim takeover.
McLaughlin follows Danny Ward from Anfield to the Scottish Premiership. Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes told the club website: "He's a player who has always impressed us" McLaughlin joined Liverpool from Glenavon aged 16.
Dr Martin Thom was called to treat a man who had collapsed in the street. The man was apparently under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Dr Thom said he "felt threatened" in a situation over which he had no control. He said the patient shoved him before punching him three times to the head
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He was stabbed in Harehills Lane, Harehills, at about 15:40 GMT. The wounded teenager was taken to hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.
Spencer beat gymnast Louis Smith by almost one metre in the final jump. The Made in Chelsea star thanked fans for their support on Twitter.
The first Lethal Weapon film came out in 1987. It starred Danny Glover as a veteran police officer and Mel Gibson as his volatile new partner. Fox has reportedly signed up to make a "put pilot" of the film.
James Faulkner takes hat-trick in final over of Sri Lanka innings. Sri Lanka beat Australia by 82 runs to level series at 1-1.
Security minister James Brokenshire set out the motion, which was passed unopposed in the House of Commons. It will now be an offence to be a member of any of the groups in the UK. Mr Brokenshire said that Syria was the "number one destination" for jihadists anywhere in the world.
Estonia was ruled by Denmark, the German knights of the Livonian Order, and Sweden in the 18th century. It experienced its first period of independence in 1918, following the end of the First World War. Estonia was forcefully incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1940, following a pact between Hitler and Stalin
Dumfries and Galloway Council has launched an online survey to assess what issues need to be addressed. A public consultation is also taking place at the Oasis Youth Centre on Tuesday.
Slade will be in charge for the final time when Cardiff host Birmingham on Saturday. The club will appoint a head coach to look after the first team. Slade joined Cardiff in October 2014 from Leyton Orient.
Mark Pogmore, 51, admitted making recordings of people sunbathing nude. Recordings were made from the helicopter on four occasions between 2007 and 2012. He was part of South Yorkshire Police Air Support Unit when aircraft was used. Four other men were cleared at Sheffield Crown Court of misconduct.
The committee took stock of correspondence it has been sent. Most of the session on Thursday was held in private. The committee agreed to write back to loyalist Jamie Bryson.
Ignacio Echeverra reportedly tried to fight off the terrorists with his skateboard. He became one of eight victims of the assault on the London Bridge area. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy praised his "heroic and exemplary act"
38-year-old had enjoyed a fine opening round. briefly leading the Championship and finishing two under on Thursday. But on Friday seven bogeys, three double bogeys and only two birdies left him nine over.
The 39-year-old revealed the news live on BBC One's The One Show. It is Miss Jones' first child with partner Charlie Thomson. He was born on Sunday, 22 January, weighing 7lbs 11.
Proposed tourist development would also include a visitors' centre and hotel. The Humber Bridge Board said it hoped to submit a planning application by the end of the month. Project would be financed by the bridge board but "would not be funded from bridge tolls"
This quiz is day seven of our Christmas news quizzes.
Blair Turgott broke the deadlock from the spot with his 10th goal of the season in the 13th minute. Brett Williams' 36th-minute drive from close range hit the bar and went over. Bromley are now up to 11th place in the Vanarama Conference.
Labour's manifesto also promises to tackle equality in pay and childcare support. Harriet Harman said the document was showing women the party was "on their side" New policy on grandparents described as "incredibly important"
Sarah Tait won silver in the women's pairs at London 2012. Tait was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2013.
Shakespeare's Richard III will be performed at Leicester Cathedral in July. The king's remains were discovered under a car park in the city in 2012. Richard III Society branded the decision as a'monumental mistake' Dean said the play would be'sensitive' towards the king.
Nick Bennett will take over from Peter Tyndall who held the office since April 2008.
European Space Propulsion Limited (ESP) Limited has gone into liquidation. It operated from missile maker Thales UK's factory in Castlereagh. Its offices were opened by former First Minister Peter Robinson.
New Zealand thrash France to book place in Rugby World Cup quarter-finals. Julian Savea scores hat-trick and Jerome Kaino, Kieran Read and Tawera Kerr-Barlow also go over. Brodie Retallick, Nehe Milner-Skudder and Charlie Faumuina go over for the All
PerSAT-1 was built by Europe's Airbus group and launched on 16 September. Its pictures will have myriad uses - from agriculture to disaster relief.
Turkey's actions are in response to violent attacks last week in Turkey itself. Nato is to hold an emergency meeting on Tuesday to discuss the situation.
London Legacy Development Corporation must comply with FOI request. LLDC had refused to reveal its rent on grounds of commercial sensitivity. Decision comes ahead of West Ham moving into the stadium for the start of the 2016-17 season.
Payne provided a urine sample at the Swan Hill Cup meeting on 11 June. She was advised of the test findings and stood down from riding. Stewards in Australia will hold an inquiry on Thursday. Payne made her Royal Ascot debut last week.
West Ham lost 1-0 to Astra Giurgiu in their Europa League qualifier. The Hammers went through 2-1 on aggregate. Manager Slaven Bilic made eight changes from Sunday's Premier League win.
Sri Lanka's president will open world's first mangrove museum. Government has identified all of the nation's 15,000 hectares of mangrove forests. The forests provide habitat for fish and protect communities from tsunamis.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 2-1 in the Scottish League Cup final. Tom Rogic scored a stoppage-time winner at Hampden Park. Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admits there is "real disappointment"
Mayor Boris Johnson's office estimates 724 employers in London have signed up. Those employers have six months to implement the new pay level. There are currently no plans to make the living wage mandatory.
Pamela Geller is the co-founder of the American Freedom Defense Initiative. AFDI is listed as an anti-Muslim group by the Southern Poverty Law Center. In May 2015, Ms Geller played a key role in organising a conference on cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
Former driver Alex Wurz has been asked to run Manor F1 team. Austrian would not say whether he would accept the role. Manor team boss John Booth and sporting director Graeme Lowdon have resigned.
The region is the world's most urbanised, with eight out of 10 people living in cities. Guatemala is the country with the widest disparity, and Venezuela the most equitable one.
An became only the third European Tour rookie to win the prestigious PGA Championship in its 60-year history. The 23-year-old An's win is his first on one of the world's major tours.
Samir Hadji scored the only goal of the game on the stroke of half-time. Aberdeen will face Latvian side Ventspils in the second qualifying round.
The 27-year-old had been set for a rematch with Nate Diaz in July. UFC president Dana White said organisers were looking for a replacement. But McGregor said on Sunday: "Happy to announce that I am back on UFC 200"
Vincenzo Nibali wins 16th stage of the Tour de France. Dutchman Tom Dumoulin stopped 33km from the finish with stomach problems. Controversially, the rest of the riders did not wait for him and carried on.
Allan Whittern ran the grocer's store in Suffolk Parade from 1932 until his death in 1982. Following its closure in 1991, the door painted with his father's likeness was donated by his son to the Wilson Art Gallery and Museum in the town. The Cheltenham Trust wants to restore it for an exhibition later
Boris Johnson pulled out of a planned trip to Moscow after a US missile strike. It was agreed the US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson should go instead. He then spent a weekend trying to get the G7 to agree new sanctions against Russia. But Mr Johnson entirely failed to persuade other countries to agree
Obama nominates James Comey to replace Robert Mueller III as FBI director. Mr Comey is known for opposing a warrantless wiretapping programme in the Bush administration. If confirmed by the Senate, Mr Comey will replace Mr Mueller for 10 years.
14 other coastal landmarks in England will benefit from a share of £700,000. Communities Minister Mark Francois said some places 'need some tender loving care' Grants of up to £50,000 will be awarded to landmarks from Durham to Dorset.
The Russians had hoped to prove the plane never entered Turkish airspace. The Su-24 was shot down by F-16 fighters on 24 November. Russia has demanded an apology from Turkey and imposed sanctions.
Michael Dunlop posted the fastest lap of the day at 123.650mph. Practice for the Manx Grand Prix will continue on Thursday. Three riders were taken to hospital after separate crashes.
Gillian Triggs told a senate committee that she had been asked to resign. The HRC released a report condemning the treatment of children in detention. It said that detaining children of asylum seekers violated international human rights law.
St Michael's Hospital is joining other UK foetal medicine centres to set up a twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome registry. The rare condition occurs in about 10-15% of identical twin pregnancies. It affects twins who share a placenta, where the babies are not sharing blood equally.
King won team pursuit gold with GB at London 2012 and is a three-time world champion in the discipline. Southampton-born King, 26, represented England at the 2014 Commonwealth Games but is now based in Wales. The four-rider, four-kilometres team pursuit is part of the Commonwealth Games programme
Qandeel Baloch was loved, derided and mocked for her provocative views. She instigated a debate in Pakistan on whether women's empowerment or was cheap narcissism. In death, too, what police suspect is an honour killing carried out by her brother reflects a deeply divided country.
INR hopes the list will prove that Auschwitz was not a Polish-run camp. The victims were overwhelmingly Jewish - but Poles, Roma and political prisoners were also murdered.
Nick Hope is targeting a medal at the 2016 Rio Olympics. He initially experienced racial abuse, but has since overcome that. Click here for more boxing news.
Leicester lost 1-0 to Millwall in the FA Cup fourth round on Sunday. Shaun Cummings scored a last-minute goal at The Den. Claudio Ranieri's side are fighting relegation from the Premier League.
The crash happened at 23:00 GMT on Wednesday on Sheffield Road at Hoyland Common. The 85-year-old was taken to hospital where she later died.
Sian O'Callaghan, 22, was last seen leaving Suju alone at about 0250 GMT. About 400 people took part in the search of Savernake Forest near Marlborough. A £20,000 reward to help find her has been offered by an anonymous donor.
Money will be used to create 35 new posts across Northern Ireland. More than 2,800 children are currently waiting to be seen. Health Minister Simon Hamilton said it was "unacceptable"
Bomb disposal team carried out controlled explosion at 08:45 BST. Wightlink Ferries said services were now back on schedule.
Talks follow first formal talks since Carwyn Jones and Leanne Wood were tied 29-29 in a Senedd vote on Wednesday. The aim was to form a minority Labour administration rather than a coalition. Conservatives and UKIP had joined Plaid Cymru in backing Ms Wood in the vote for first minister. Labour and the
Russia is being described as the 'worst threat' to Nato, says Dmitry Medvedev. He cited Jens Stoltenberg's speeches and films depicting Russia starting a war. The Cold War was a period of ideological confrontation between the former Soviet Union and Western countries.
Synalpheus pinkfloydi was discovered off Panama. Can reach 210 decibels - louder than your average rock concert.
Team at Harvard University have used it to seal a hole in a pig's heart. Bio-glue has two components - the actual adhesive and a "shock absorber" It could be used as a patch on the skin or as a liquid injected into wounds.
Integrated Care 24 runs non-emergency 111 and out-of-hours services in Norfolk. Interim report found deficiencies in call handling and a shortage of GPs. Staff said they had been asked to alter their records during inspections. Norwich Clinical Commissioning Group said it was'very encouraged' by IC24's
Katherine, 21, and Alice, 19, were on a boat that went down between Lombok and the Komodo Islands on Saturday. They sat on the semi-submerged vessel's roof for 10 hours before embarking on their swim, their mother said. Travellers from New Zealand, Spain, France, Switzerland and the
It comes after Denbighshire council was granted permission to compulsorily purchase the former North Wales Hospital. Owner Freemont (Denbigh) Ltd had opposed the compulsory purchase.
McLaren have won 182 grands prix, with 12 drivers' world championships and eight constructors' titles. But they are currently on the fourth row of the grid and in some decent points. The slump started in 2013, when McLaren lost its way on chassis design. Now, the team seem to have got
purses left unattended at Aberdeen Sea Cadets base at Pocra Quay. Insp Carron McKellar said: "This is a disgraceful incident which has left the victims shocked and upset"
Several high-profile musicians including Elton John and Celine Dion have refused to perform at the event. Mr Trump has claimed many celebrities have been requesting tickets for it. On Friday, he tweeted: "The so-called 'A' list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what
Millennium Time struck tug Redoubt on the River Thames in July 2014. Nine passengers suffered cuts and bruises in the collision. Report said the boat's helmsman did not hold a boatmaster's licence. City Cruises apologised and said passenger safety was "paramount"
Joanne Thompson, 33, was found at her Old Mill Court home on Wednesday. Police want to hear from witnesses to any disturbance on Monday. Also want to speak to anyone who noticed activity around her home on Tuesday night.
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski, 33, stabbed himself before Haverfordwest magistrates. On Monday, his case at Swansea Crown Court was adjourned for sentence. Pawlowski admitted possessing a knife and confirmed his earlier guilty plea to sexual assault.
Venice International Film Festival has announced its official line-ups. Voyage of Time, Nocturnal Animals and Les Beaux Jours d'Aranjuez will compete for the Golden Lion. Event opens with Damien Chazelle's musical La La Land on 31 August.
President Museveni, in power for 30 years, received nearly 61% of the votes. Mr Besigye, under house arrest since Friday, said Ugandans had seen "the most fraudulent electoral process" He described the poll as a sham and a creeping military coup.
Rhiannon Smith was involved in a collision on the A48 in Monmouthshire. The 21-year-old trainee teacher from Llandevaud has since died. Her family said she was "the life and soul of a party" and had ambitions to work as a teacher.
Schalk Burger and JP Pietersen score first-half tries for South Africa. Duncan Weir and Tommy Seymour replied for Scotland. Handre Pollard kicked 17 points for the Springboks.
The amount is broadly in line with market expectations of 60bn euros. Much of the money is expected to come from the eurozone rescue funds. Spain said in July that it would request eurozone support for its banks.
Johanna Konta is the first British woman to reach the last four of a Grand Slam since Jo Durie in 1983. Konta has almost doubled her career prize money in under two weeks. The 24-year-old is now British number one in the women's rankings.
Reports claim the events were cancelled due to a dispute with their promoter. The 69-year-old was admitted to a drug and alcohol rehabilitation unit in March.
The 65-year-old was found dead in the garden of his gated home in June 2015. Although Essex Police originally thought he died of natural causes, it emerged he had been shot six times. Police said they had questioned a man originally from Tyneside but currently living in southern Spain.
Sannah Javid, 26, was taken to King George Hospital on Tuesday. She died in the early hours of Wednesday. Post-mortem tests found the cause of death was multiple injuries.
Facebook and Google have been getting it in the neck for not doing more to remove far-right material online. Pressure has mounted on these two tech giants, as well as other smaller firms, to ensure the internet is not a "safe space" for terrorists. The sheer volume of content is impossible to manage
Brian Steele, 13 at the time, said he did not see 15-year-old Philip after the crush began. Nurse who tried to help at least six casualties asked for oxygen which never came. Ninety-six football fans were fatally injured at the Liverpool versus Nottingham Forest FA Cup semi-final.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter @BBCNewsEnts.
Dean Cox terminated his contract with Leyton Orient on 1 September. The 29-year-old cannot join another League One club until January. Cox has already held talks with Crawley Town.
David Luiz's move to PSG is now subject to him passing a medical. The Brazilian joined Chelsea from Benfica for £21.3m in January 2011. He has three years left on his five-year contract at Stamford Bridge.
National Audit Office says at least £42m was given to Kids Company. It included £28m from the Department for Education and its predecessors. Charity founder Camila Batmanghelidjh says an "extremely distorted picture" of charity is being painted. But DfE says it does not recognise her version
Michael Graydon, 29, disappeared on 21 February in Monaco. His body was found almost two weeks later on private land. Coroner said he could only record an open conclusion as pathologist was unable to give a cause of death.
Hamilton has triumphed in all three races since retiring from the season-opener in Australia, which Rosberg won. Rosberg said: "Every weekend is crucial but the results momentum is on his side" Hamilton has out-qualified Rosberg in three of the four races so far this season.
Bobby Hernandez, 53, was arrested and is being held at a jail in Ohio. The FBI received a tip that this teenager may be the long-missing child. His mother has been notified of his recovery.
Elin Jones will lay out plans where some areas of Welsh forest could be transferred to the private sector. But she has already ruled out the widespread sale of Welsh woodlands. Forestry Commission Wales said it would explore the feasibility of transfer.
Investment in UK drama has fallen by 44% since the last Ofcom review in 2008. Spending on children's TV has also fallen by 74% since 2008 to £3m in 2014. Watchdog warns broadcasters must adapt as online viewing grows.
Kenny MacAskill said he believed the outcome of the case would be a 'tragic accident' The comments angered Mr Bayoh's family, as the Police Investigations Review Commissioner investigation into his death continues.
Torchbearers chosen to carry the flame include Tom Burnett, 12, from Hull. The procession will visit the East Riding on 18 and 19 June. It will also visit the Pods centre in Scunthorpe and abseil down Grimsby's Dock Tower.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange says more leaks to come. CIA says Assange is not "a bastion of truth and integrity"
Ulsan is home to the Hyundai Heavy Industries yard, the world's biggest. More than 60,000 people are employed there, constructing a huge ship every four or five days. When South Korea industrialised in the 1960s and 1970s, it was done in a way to make Western "free-market
Kimberley Jones, 25, was found dead at a house in Cwmbach, Aberdare. She was due to move in the following day, but was allowed to stay the night before. Tests showed the fire's flue was ineffective allowing smoke to leak into the room.
British Cycling chief executive Ian Drake gives his top tips for getting involved in the sport.
Six young men were treated for organ failure after taking a drug in 2006. They were told they would be likely to develop cancers or auto-immune diseases. Experts queued up to say the outcome of the trial had been exceptional. Prof David Webb says it is'much less likely to happen again'
Ministry of Defence says cuts necessary "to meet the challenges of the future" Redundancy notices to those affected by this latest round will be issued on 18 June. No personnel preparing for, serving on, or recovering from deployments will lose their jobs unless they have applied for redundancy. This round of redundancies will
"We Can" project has held exhibitions at the Senedd, Houses of Parliament and in 24 countries. Mold-based Same but Different is behind it and everyone involved has a learning disability.
Substitute headed in a Cristiano Ronaldo cross after it appeared Clint Dempsey had sent the Americans through. A draw between Germany and USA will see both through, while Portugal must beat Ghana to have a chance of progressing.
Emily Taylor made the allegations about Australian Paul Thompson. British Rowing said it was aware of the comments made by Taylor. Taylor described Thompson, 52, as a "massive bully"
Scientists used genetic engineering to make stem cells that spewed out cancer-killing toxins. They were also able to resist the effects of the poison they were producing. Next stage is to test the procedure in humans.
Sabah Saleem, 11, and Rayhan Rafique, 3, were knocked down by a car. Mohammed Khalil Anwar, 37, failed to stop as he feared being attacked. He is due to be sentenced on 29 November.
Jack Sexty, 25, bounced non-stop for 10 hours 21 minutes in Philadelphia. He beat his two American opponents but broke the previous record of 75,005. The multiple pogo record-holder was raising money for Alzheimer's Research UK.
Green Park Station was put on hold two years ago when a key developer dropped out. Reading Borough Council is set to re-submit planning proposals for the stop next year. It is expected to cost up to??8m to build.
The owner of the 1977 Ford Mustang died in August. When his daughter checked his garage, she found that the car had disappeared. The family last recall seeing the car, registration VTM 648S, in 1995.
Sunderland Ladies striker has scored 66 goals in two-and-a-half seasons. Mead scored a wonder goal at the recent U20 World Cup in Canada. The 19-year-old has England honours at U15, U17, U19 and U20 level.
Diana Sacayan was a well-known activist for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights. She was found dead in her flat in Buenos Aires on Tuesday. It is the third violent transgender death in the country in the past month.
Bower has made 52 appearances for Warriors in all competitions since joining from Leicester Tigers in 2014. Details of the length of the 26-year-old's new contract at Sixways have not been disclosed.
Two other cats in the area were also put to sleep after becoming unwell. Patch's owner said: "I am just so angry and devastated"
Afobe has represented England at youth level since 2005. Fifa yet to approve his application to switch nationality. Bournemouth striker has scored four goals in 10 appearances this season.
Channel 4 is one of the most popular youth channels on television. Its regular schedule will be suspended from 07:00 BST, when polls open. It is believed to be the first time a UK channel has closed on polling day.
Pride is based on true story of London gay campaigners supporting miners in Wales in 1984. Told through the eyes of gay campaigners, the story has been airbrushed out of collective gay history. Writer Stephen Beresford says the film has been in the making since the 1990s. After its West End premiere, Pride
Many of the dead were young boys who were in a trophy ceremony hit by the bomber. So-called Islamic State (IS) said it carried out the attack. IS is a mainly Sunni group which controls large swathes of northern and western Iraq.
Visa restrictions on foreigners to be eased in the tourist zone. Alcohol, cinemas and theatres are prohibited in Saudi Arabia. It is not clear whether dress codes and other restrictions will be relaxed.
Emergency crews were alerted to the blaze in Small Heath, Birmingham. A spokesperson for Citron and dealer Robins and Day said there were no injuries.
Lyndon Gooch's long-range effort was saved by Chris Maxwell. Amari'i Bell fired into the side-netting for the hosts. Richard Chaplow scuffed a chance for Rovers.
The UN committee on the rights of the child has made a number of recommendations to Northern Ireland. It says that in Northern Ireland education, "segregation by religion persists" The report also says that abortion should be decriminalised in the province.
Olwyn Fulton died after being hit by a car in Coulby Newham, Middlesbrough. A 66-year-old woman was arrested shortly afterwards. She has been bailed and will appear at Teesside Magistrates' Court on 7 June.
Sir Peter Blake's original Sgt Pepper collage was doctored to replace the faces of The Beatles.
Juan Martin Del Potro beat Stanislas Wawrinka 3-6 6-3 7-6 (7-2) 6-3. The Argentine is ranked 165th after missing more than two years due to injury. Del potro is in the same half of the draw as Britain's Andy Murray.
The tremor was felt as far away as Milan and Florence, Italian media say. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage. In 2009 almost 300 people died in a quake in L'Aquila in the central Abruzzo region.
Tourism NI said it expects a strategy to be in place by early next year. Janice Gault from the Hotels Federation said it was crucial for the industry.
Charlie Dunn, from Tamworth, died in hospital after being found submerged in the Blue Lagoon area at Bosworth Water Park in Leicestershire on 23 July. Lynsey Dunn, 28, and Paul Smith, 36, who are believed to be the boy's mother and stepfather, have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence.
Disney plans to use robotics and artificial intelligence to create new characters. Senior Vice President for research and development Jon Snoddy spoke at D2 expo. Snoddy: "Emerging technologies are going to be key to the next generation of entertainment"
Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson agree new deals with Glasgow. The pair made their Scotland debuts in 2013. Stuart Hogg, Henry Pyrgos and Adam Ashe have also signed new deals.
The 30-year-old joined City for £13.8m from Celta Vigo last summer. Half of those goals came in his first three games. Last month he claimed his "daughter's face has changed colour"
Hitler still-life sells to Chinese buyer for £71,000 (100,000 euros) Last year the same auction house sold a painting by Hitler for £93,000 (129,000 euros)
West Ham contributed £15m to the £272m conversion of Upton Park. Group made up of trusts from clubs including Arsenal said it was "disappointed" Government said the deal had been "scrutinised" and "upheld"
Stormont parties failed to pass the Welfare Reform Bill on Tuesday. Arlene Foster said failure to pass meant there was a £600m hole in her budget. She said she is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week.
Scotland lost their final warm-up Test 19-16 to France. The Scots take on Japan in their World Cup opener on September 23. Cotter was in charge of Scotland for the 16th time.
Walter Innes and Monika Carrie were about to head home after an eventful day "staring at an empty sea" They then spotted what looked like a dolphin feeding frenzy. Mr Innes took a picture, believing it to be of a dolphin taking a large salmon. Expert Charlie Phillips said such attacks were not
President Jammeh first seized power in a bloodless coup in 1994. He was re-elected in December in a widely criticised poll. The Gambia is a popular destination for foreign tourists.
Blaze at Wythenshawe Hall destroyed the roof and caused extensive damage. More than 50 firefighters tackled the fire at the timber-framed Tudor hall. It was home to the Tatton family for about 400 years.
The turbine, valued at over £500,000, collapsed on Friday evening. It scattered debris over a wide area on Murley mountain.
The blackout lasted just over an hour and started just before midnight on 17 December. Cyber-security company ISSP has linked the incident to a hack in 2015. It also said a series of other recent attacks in Ukraine were connected. In December, Ukraine's president said hackers had targeted state institutions
Jessica Ennis-Hill receives a damehood for services to athletics. The 31-year-old won gold at London 2012 and silver four years later in Rio. Designer Victoria Beckham was made an OBE for her services to fashion.
Both are senior managers and have a long track record with Fox. Mr Ailes resigned in July after a series of sexual harassment allegations. Fox News plays a prominent role in US election coverage.
Italian marines are accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012. They say they mistook the men for pirates. India has ruled out the possibility of a death penalty.
Muhammad Ali has passed away at the age of 74. Hundreds of memes and tweets have been posted in tribute to the boxing legend.
Department of Professional Standards is responsible for dealing with complaints against officers and staff. The 380-strong unit is spread over four floors and has a budget of £24 million. It was once known as the "ghost squad" because it was so secretive.
London Mayor's letter signed by 30 MPs, council leaders and assembly members. shortlisted options are Heathrow, Gatwick and extending Heathrow's northern runway.
Mr Parkinson was elected with 571 votes, ahead of Michael Henderson and David Noakes. A total of 883 (27%) of the 3,220 registered voters turned out with four blank papers and 15 spoilt papers. Mr Parkinson will serve for four months and said there were "very important decisions" to
The UK and Ireland are among the countries that can now sell beef to Canada. France and Germany - the EU's biggest producers - are also included. A Russian import ban and weaker Chinese demand have hit Europe's farm exports.
Barracks in Brecon home to troops who fought the Zulus at Rorke's Drift. Brecon and Radnorshire Conservative MP Chris Davies condemned the closure. He said he was launching a petition against the decision, saying the Brecon area had some of the highest unemployment levels in Wales. Cawdor Barracks
Turkish Prime Minister has repeatedly expressed his dislike of social media sites. However, the Twitter ban has drawn widespread criticism. Mr Erdogan is also facing allegations of corruption and is embroiled in a feud.
Duke of Kent was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Monday. He was seen walking to a waiting car with the help of a walking stick. The 79-year-old suffered a stroke in 2013.
Women into Sustainable Employment scheme aims to improve language and workplace skills. It is run by Bridges Programmes, which supports refugees, asylum seekers and others who do not speak English as a first language. If successful, the project could be extended across Scotland.
About 100 federal officers have been sent to Amazonas to boost the search. Among those still at large is Brayan Bremer, who posted pictures of himself on the run. The prisoners escaped from the Anisio Jobim jail in Manaus and the neighbouring Antonio Trindad prison as a deadly riot was under way
Williams signs for Mitsubishi Dynaboars in Division Two of the Japanese League. The 35-year-old announced his retirement from the Ospreys in February. Williams is second in international rugby's all-time try-scoring list.
Analysts blamed falling prices for gold and silver and adverse currency movements. Fresnillo, which owns the world's biggest silver mine, was down 4.5%. In China iron ore prices fell to the lowest level in almost five years, which hit shares in other miners.
It is the eighth UK ticketholder to win the top Euromillions prize this year. Friday's winning numbers were 5, 8, 14, 22, 32, and Lucky Stars 2 and 11. National Lottery operator Camelot said the prize could be paid out on Monday.
The man was held in Bayingolin prefecture, to the south of Urumqi. Xinjiang has seen a spate of attacks in recent years. Beijing has blamed these on Uighur separatists.
Child's body found in a river yards from his family's home at Milton of Drimmie. Study identifies huge "survival gap" across Scotland's social classes. Cancer survival gap described as "completely unacceptable" by Macmillan.
Maxine Peake will star as Titania, Lucas Lucas will be Bottom and Elaine Paige returns to TV as Mistress Quince. The former Doctor Who writer has written what is described as a "bold and accessible" adaptation of Shakespeare's play. It will be shown as part of a new Shakespeare season on BBC
Phoebe Hanson wrote to PM saying she worried how the "bongs" would be replaced while Big Ben is being repaired next year. PM's editor, Roger Sawyer, told Phoebe: "It would be quite a task" A Facebook post by Phoebe's father, Jon Hanson, about the exchange has been
Adeyemi Olugbuyi, 32, was last seen in North Holme Court, Thorplands. He is believed to have been involved in an altercation in the area. Police said the body was found in green areas and may have been there for months.
David Brown became ill in Maghaberry Prison in December 2012. He died later in hospital from a brain haemorrhage. The Prisoner Ombudsman said staff left him unattended for five minutes in an unresponsive state. Watchdog has concluded the response of the Prison Service was "inadequate"
Remains found by Durham University team surveying site for new homes. They are believed to date to the medieval period, but could be Roman. Developers Westleigh plan to build 70 homes on Midland Road.
Debate over the niqab came to a head during the 2015 Canadian elections. Mr Harper was accused of using the issue stir up fears against Muslims. Newly elected Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau opposed the appeal.
22 humans live on Aoshima, off Ehime prefecture. A population of over 120 cats has overtaken them.
Couple wed in front of about 10 people in Mazan, Provence. Knightley, 28, announced her engagement to Righton, 29, last year.
Carer's Allowance would rise from £62.70 to £73.10 a week under Labour plan. Ministers say they will spend an extra £2bn on social care over three years. Mr Corbyn said it "would be a good thing to do" to help carers.
Video footage showed the singer striking a photographer with his car. Bieber was seen standing over and speaking to the injured man. The singer has been hitting the headlines in the last week. He was banned from China due to "bad behaviour"
"The populists are on the loose, and not just in Great Britain," says Sueddeutsche Zeitung. El Pais warns that any changes to the EU should not appease their "anti-establishment" discourse. An article entitled "the dictatorship of democracy" in El Mundo voices the fear that other countries
Wales wing Hallam Amos scored two fine tries in the second half. But Hamish Watson's touchdown plus eight points from Sam Hidalgo-Clyne proved enough for the visitors. Edinburgh move to within four points of rivals Glasgow in sixth.
Dominique Cottrez confessed to suffocating her children after giving birth secretly at home near Lille. She then buried the bodies in the garden of her parents' home and at her own home nearby. The former nursing assistant had previously said she had a long incestuous relationship with her father.
Napolioni Nalaga plundered two tries to see Clermont pull away. Home legend Aurelien Rougerie scored from halfway to secure the four-try bonus point. Danny Cipriani kicked Sale's only points.
John Swinney will address MSPs over a legal challenge to information sharing proposals within the Act. The system would appoint a named person - usually a teacher or health visitor - to ensure the wellbeing of every child. Judges at the UK's highest court ruled against the scheme in July 2016, citing concerns over information
Antoine Maury was last seen in Edinburgh on Monday 24 October. The 21-year-old suddenly left his friends at Edinburgh College. A man matching his description was seen near Duddingston Village.
App allows users to send a message saying "yo" to friends - and nothing else. It has been branded "pointless", but has nonetheless raised $1m in investment. TechCrunch said it was contacted by three college students who said they had uncovered a flaw in the app.
Scotland's First Minister has announced plans for a second referendum on independence. Many Scots believe that Scots now have a far stronger sense of their country's distinct identity. The majority of Scots voted to remain in the European Union, in contrast to the UK vote to leave.
Snowdonia Giving asks businesses in the national park to press visitors for a small contribution to add to bills. Launched six months ago, so far 28 companies have signed up. Nearly £3,500 in donations has been raised, with most going to a Snowdonia Society training programme.
Susan Rice denies she or President Obama used intelligence for political purposes. She was responding to reports alleging she sought to "unmask" any Trump officials who cropped up in foreign surveillance reports. Rice also rejected claims that she leaked information to US media.
Joyce was convicted of two counts of common assault against the boys, aged 14 and 15. The 54-year-old was convicted after a trial at Westminster Magistrates' Court. Former Labour MP claimed he was performing a 'citizen's arrest' The attack happened close to the drinks fridge at News & Food
West Indies beat Australia by 74 runs in the World T20 semi-final. Chris Gayle and Marlon Samuels both hit half-centuries for the Windies. West Indies will face Sri Lanka in Colombo on Sunday.
Zaha grew up in England and won two caps for the Three Lions. But because they were in friendly games he is allowed to switch allegiance. "We have written to Fifa and expect Zaha's switch to be approved," said Ivorian FA vice-president Malick Tohe.
Owen Smith said Ms Dugdale was doing a 'brilliant job' in Labour leadership debate. But Mr Corbyn said he did not think anyone should be jeered at. Ms Dugla has backed Mr Smith's campaign for the leadership.
McManus nets twice as Morton defeat Alloa. Ross Forbes and Denny Johnstone also on target.
European Union has lifted limits on how much milk farmers can produce. The rules were put in place so farmers wouldn't make too much but would also get a fair price. Now with no limits farmers are being allowed to produce as much milk as they want.
Mr Khan is the city's first Muslim mayor, after beating Tory Zac Goldsmith by 1,310,143 votes to 994,614. The result bolsters leader Jeremy Corbyn after Labour was beaten into third in Scotland by the Tories. In Scotland, the SNP said it would form a minority government after winning
Clapham said his position had become "untenable" following criticism in the media and on social media. Director Nigel Allen will take on the chairmanship on an interim basis while new investors are sought. Southport beat promotion-chasing Forest Green Rovers only their third win of 2017.
A senior factory official died and more than 85 were injured, including two Japanese nationals, in the riot at the Manesar plant on Wednesday evening. Maruti, India's biggest car maker, has halted production at the factory.
Italy have finished bottom of the Six Nations table 11 times. Georgia and Romania have been pushing to be included in the top tier. Wales face the Azzuri in their opening game of the tournament.
Masked man holds a gun and demands man's car keys in Glenarm. He then made off from the car park in a red Ford Fiesta. 15 minutes later a robbery at a shop in Ballygally was reported. Police believe the two robberies could be linked.
The Royal party are due back in the UK on Friday evening. They are currently on a five-day tour that began in Poland on Monday.
Sierra Leone is one of the countries worst hit by West Africa's Ebola outbreak. More than 550 victims have been recorded, with 2,600 deaths so far. In Sierra Leone, 30,000 volunteers will look for people infected with Ebola. They will hand out bars of soap and information on preventing infection.
Walz was fifth with 250 metres remaining before powering through. Czech Republic's Josef Dostal took silver in 3:32.145. Russia's Roman Anoshkin won bronze in 3:33.363.
The National Grid said the upgrade was not needed as this time. SSE said the scheme could be proposed again in the future. The company said it had sought to avoid historic sites and landscapes.
Naz Shah apologised for sharing graphic showing Israel's outline superimposed onto a map of the US. It was shared in 2014, before she became Bradford West MP. Board of Deputies said the post, highlighted by the Guido Fawkes political website, was "appalling"
Brunon Kwiecien, 48, was convicted of planning a terrorist attack. He was said to be fascinated with Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik. Investigators believe he wanted to target parliament with explosives.
The Yongbyon site processes spent fuel from power stations and has been the source of plutonium for North Korea's nuclear weapons programme. The reactor was shut down in 2007 but Pyongyang said last year that it was operational again.
Loren Davis was driving at 100km/h (62mph) when she hit the koala. She only discovered what had happened to the animal when she reached home. The koala only had minor abrasions and will be released into the wild soon.
Antonsson scored 22 goals in 40 league games for Kalmar. The 25-year-old is Leeds head coach Garry Monk's first signing since replacing Steve Evans on 2 June.
Leahy made 38 appearances for Falkirk last season. The left-back helped the club finish second in the Scottish second tier. He joins Walsall on a free transfer after his contract expired.
Thousands took to the streets of the capital, Freetown, at the stroke of midnight. There were cheers when the WHO local representative made the official announcement later on Saturday. The outbreak killed almost 4,000 people in Sierra Leone over the past 18 months.
The man is reported to be of Spanish origin and a convert to Islam. The BfV said the suspect, who now has German citizenship, had previously "behaved inconspicuously" Die Welt also reported that the man was caught by an agency informant.
Two young women standing for office in Hong Kong's district elections. Dr Kwong Po Yin and Yau Wai Ching are members of Youngspiration. The political party was founded in the wake of last year's Umbrella Movement.
There were goals galore in the Premier League last weekend. Hull and Crystal Palace scored six goals between them. Christian Eriksen's free-kick save for Tottenham was huge. Manchester United are starting to feel the pressure at Old Trafford. Why not pick your own from the shortlist selected by BBC Sport journalists
Dieudonne already has convictions for inciting anti-Semitism and the courts banned several one-man shows last year. The justice ministry said earlier that 54 cases had been opened since the murders of 17 people in Paris last week. 37 cases involved condoning terrorism and 12 were for threatening to carry out terrorist
Home Office said it was a'regrettable typographical error' which has been corrected. It came after PM announced £20m fund to teach Muslim women to speak English.
Stone got past the elephant's fence and a ditch separating the animal and visitors. The girl was taken to hospital and died within a few hours, the zoo said.
An altercation broke out between two men inside a fast food outlet. Police said the suspect is described being aged in his early 20s.
Think tank says extra measures will place 'huge burden' on Parliament. The attitude of the SNP may also affect the passage of laws, it adds. Report comes as Theresa May visits Swansea to talk about 'precious union'
Manchester City were held to a 2-2 draw by Tottenham on Sunday. Raheem Sterling appeared to be pushed in the back by Kyle Walker. Walker admitted after the match: "I wasn't going to get the ball"
Ex-Pontypridd MP said Labour must have 'radical analysis' of society. He said the party could dwindle to a'very small number' of MPs. Labour won 232 seats in the general election, down from 258 in 2010.
New Zealand-born Solomona will be available for England later this year. He left rugby league when he switched codes to join Sale Sharks in December. "Is he good enough for England, based on what I've seen," says Uriel Monye.
Report follows the M9 crash in which Lamara Bell and John Yuill died. Ms Bell had been in the car next to her dead partner for three days. Police Scotland admitted they did not investigate a report they had received. Derek Penman said the oversight of the project was inadequate. He
Herbert Howe's flamboyance, lust for life and penchant for self-promotion earned him near celebrity status in Liverpool. Born in 1944 in the Old Swan area of the city, he became a hairdressing apprentice in Bold Street before using the princely sum of £100 to open his first salon
Hundreds of people have gone to hospital, complaining of breathing difficulties and skin problems. Some schools were shut and some flights into the country cancelled or diverted. People in the capital San Jose, about 45km (30 miles) west of the Turrialba volcano, said layers of ash had coated buildings and cars
The 36-year-old has not featured in Exeter's first team since February. Butterfield took up a coaching role at St James Park last year.
Dog-friendly restaurant in London serving meals made for dogs. New law allows dogs to eat in restaurants - as long as they are outdoors.
Health Secretary Shona Robison announced the funding as she addressed a GPs' conference in Clydebank. She also said work would begin on bringing forward measures to tackle workload pressures. Ms Robison said she was "committing £20m of additional investment, directly into general practice over the next year" She added:
Hilary won the Theakstons Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award. Radio Times TV editor Alison Graham described the book as 'powerful' Sara Paretsky, who created detective VI Warshawski, received an outstanding contribution honour.
Craig Stillwell and Carla Andrews's baby Effie was taken away from them for almost eight months. It has emerged she has a rare medical condition, known as Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV (EDS) which causes "easy bruising"
Malka Leifer fled to Israel in 2008 after accusations were raised against her. She allegedly raped and indecently assaulted girls at the Adass Israel School in Melbourne. A judge has decided Ms Leifer will not face court until she completed treatment.
Paraglider airlifted to hospital with serious leg injury. Team had been training in Annalong Valley when emergency call came.
Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons selling uniforms for??1 and??2. But rising cotton and wool prices mean it is unlikely uniform prices can fall any further. Average price of a standard uniform has fallen by almost 21% since 2004.
Big contractors, Serco, G4S, Atos and Capita, are making excessive profits. Government's spending watchdog relies on information volunteered by the four. NAO: contracting out accounts for "around half of the £187bn that the public sector spends"
Masters champion Sergio Garcia shot a second-round 70 in Munich. Garcia and Henrik Stenson are tied for the lead on eight under par. England's Richard Bland moved level with Garcia and Stenson with a 69.
Nasa is calling an end to 12 years of exploration and discovery at Saturn. The probe's propellant tanks are all but empty. It cannot escape a fiery plunge into Saturn's clouds in September. Scientists used Saturday's pass of Titan to make final close-up observations of the moon.
Hillary Clinton came out swinging against Donald Trump in a scathing speech. It made clear she's looking to appeal to a broad centre in the general election. Billed as a national security speech, it lacked any new proposals. Instead it was a forceful, often mocking, rebuke of the presumptive Republican nominee
Hasbro approached Mattel about a deal late last year. The two toy-makers would produce a company with a $20bn market cap. In 1996, Mattel made a $5.2bn (£3.5bn) offer to buy Hasbro.
Cheshire farmer Richard Fair has lost five of his herd recently to TB. He said the county was the "final frontier" to stop the disease travelling north. Wildlife groups have been campaigning to stop culls of badgers.
During a single low tide a skilled octopus hunter can spear more than 10 of the slimy invertebrates. The catch is highly prized by the island's tourist hotels and provides an important source of protein for coastal communities. Tanzania is the largest producer of octopus in the western Indian Ocean.
Rurik Jutting tortured and killed Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26. Experts for the defence say Jutting's IQ score is 137 - putting him in the top 1% of the population. But they also diagnosed him with four disorders, which they said combined to
Campaigners say approval would set a "dangerous precedent" Third Energy says its operations are no risk to people or the environment. But there has been strong opposition to the plan from the local community. If approved, fracking could start by the end of the year.
Suspects are a 38-year-old former captain, Juan Carlos Caguaripano Scott, and a lieutenant. Two of the rebels were killed and eight seized after the incident in Valencia. Just before the barracks attack, the uniformed men said they were rising against the "murderous tyranny of President Nicol
The move was announced by Stormont's Enterprise, Trade and Investment Minister Arlene Foster. The marketing body will be developed by the Agri-Food Strategy Board.
Featherstone became the first team to reach the quarter-finals. Ben Heaton's try put the visitors ahead before John Davies and Scott Turner went over to help give Featherstone a 13-6 half-time lead. Turner grabbed his second try before Ben Johnston jinxed his way through to reduce the deficit for
Senior coroner John Leckey is retiring this year. He told a preliminary hearing of the inquest in Belfast that no replacement has been appointed. Kingsmill is among dozens of inquests dating from the early days of the Troubles that face delay.
Watchdog assessed services between January 16 and February 9. It found improvements since its last inspection in 2011. Council welcomed the report, but said it was 'identifying areas where can do better'
Net migration figures fell last year, with officials saying this was "largely due" to a drop in foreign students. House of Lords is set to debate the impact of immigration policy on UK higher education.
Wada report concluded that corruption within the IAAF "cannot be blamed on a small number of miscreants" The report also concluded the IAAF Council could not have been unaware of the extent of doping in athletics. It was particularly scathing of former IAAF president Lamine Diack, who stood down and was replaced by Coe
Teenager has been held in a police cell since Thursday. Devon and Cornwall Police assistant chief constable Paul Netherton raised concerns on Twitter. He said there were no beds available in the UK for children with mental health issues. NHS England said the 16-year-old would be moved on Saturday night.
Thai officials said the event, which was halted minutes before it was due to start, could have affected relations between the two countries. The HRW report focuses on the treatment of a Christian group in Vietnam. Thai authorities have launched a crackdown on critics since the military seized power from a civilian government in May 2014
The contents of a Victorian mansion were removed and its charred timbers were carefully lifted out by crane. The salvage operation will continue until the spring. Some of the first photographs of the ornate carvings were shown here.
2004 BL86 is 325m across, and its moon is around 70m wide. It passed by the Earth at a safe distance of 1.2 million km. Next 'close shave' of a large asteroid is due in 2027.
Christian Englander will now face trial, with jury selection scheduled for 23 September. Each charge carries a maximum jail term of six months and a possible $500 fine. Police said Englander had acknowledged throwing the peel after he was offended by jokes Chappelle made about a friend.
34-year-old was in intensive care in a Swiss hospital. MRI scan detected bleeding on the brain.
Stephen Kinnock is one of the better-known among the 2015 intake of MPs. But like the rest of the new faces he has to wait for behind-the-scenes negotiations. "So no office," the Aberavon MP tells me. "We're hot-desking"
Former US pro-basketball star Dennis Rodman met with North Korea's sports minister. He took along gifts for the country's authoritarian leader, Kim Jong-un. Rodman has in recent years forged an unlikely friendship with Mr Kim. The North Korean leader reportedly lives a hugely extravagant life
Steven Tolley, 48, from Tiverton was one of three men injured while working. He was airlifted to Derriford Hospital after the collision on 29 January. The driver, 43, from Saltash, was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving.
The Fire Department of New York said the two people were uninjured. The window cleaners were pulled inside at around 14:15 EST. A partially collapsed cradle was hanging at "a 75-degree angle"
Jordan Edwards, 15, died after being shot in the back of the head. Officer Roy Oliver fired into a car full of teenagers as they left a party. Police initially said the car reversed "aggressively" towards the officer. But footage discredits that claim, and the officer has now been fired
Former X Factor judge received an honorary doctorate from Southampton Solent University. She said she was 'honoured' and hoped to visit the university soon. The university's chancellor made the presentation at a special ceremony in London.
Cambridge United 3, Cheltenham Town 1. Uche Ikpeazu opened the scoring in the seventh minute. Luke Berry doubled the Us' lead in the second half. Billy Waters pulled a goal back for the Robins late on.
He is best remembered for his broadcasts in both Irish and English. Was also involved in politics - standing as a Fianna Fil candidate in Cork.
Michelle O'Neill hosted a departmental breakfast at the Balmoral Show. Chinese inspectors visited Northern Ireland pork plants in April. She said she was also hoping to agree access to Chinese markets for beef and chicken.
The Lorenz SZ42 is on loan to the National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park. It is thought about 200 were in operation during World War Two, but only four still exist. The machine was used by German forces in Norway and seized by the Norwegian secret services after the war.
Mancini said a fully-fit Tevez could wear the sky blue shirt again. Tevez remains at City after interest from AC Milan, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain failed to turn into a transfer.
The journalists are suspected of links to US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. Gulen is accused of plotting the coup, as well as Kurdish militants. Cumhuriyet is Turkey's oldest secular paper.
Thailand's Aphibarnrat, twice a winner this year, moved a shot ahead after a 40-foot breaking birdie putt at 14. But Fitzpatrick, 21, who has led since day one as he seeks a first European title, picked up his fourth birdie at 15 to join the Thai at 12 under
Three masked men, armed with handguns, forced their way into the house. They threatened the women, aged 81, 49 and 25, and tied up the 49-year-old. The gang left in a small silver vehicle with a substantial sum of cash.
120 people have been rescued from the ruins of Christchurch. The country's deadliest natural disaster in 80 years struck at 1251 (2351 GMT on Monday) The tremor caused widespread damage as it occurred at a shallow depth of 5km (3.1 miles)
Quantum computing promises to usher in a new era of computing. Several of the most promising schemes for building a quantum computer are based in silicon. One that has received much attention stores "qubits" in atoms of another element, like phosphorous, embedded in a tiny layer of ultra-pure silicon-28.
Southampton lost 3-0 at Everton in the Premier League on Monday. Stephens made his first league appearance for the club at Goodison Park. The 22-year-old believes the Saints will bounce back.
Kleptomaniac Theo has been stealing toy food, including a pineapple and an aubergine. His owner Rachael Drouet created a leaflet for her neighbours in a bid to reunite the stolen items with their rightful owners. The five-year-old Siamese cross hit the headlines in 2013 for stealing Christmas decorations
Castleford had been top of Super League before the game. Wigan's draw with Huddersfield means they fall to second in the table. Gareth O'Brien's penalty and drop-goal won it for Salford.
The engineering firm says the £250m expansion of its Malmesbury headquarters will eventually bring 3,000 new jobs to the town. Planning conditions have been added regarding archaeological issues and addressing site access.
Odair Fortes put Cape Verde ahead before Admilson Gege doubled their lead. Cape Verde also had defender Andre Pinto sent off after an hour. Portugal are top of their qualifying group for Euro 2016.
There may be clashes, but a series of deals between Labour and the government have defused most of the big problems in advance. Today's big compromise announcement will be the composition and remit of the panel which will assess the operational case for the powers.
Donald Trump wants to build a wall along the 1,989 mile border with Mexico. He wants to throw out every single undocumented immigrant. Research estimated the number of unauthorised immigrants inside the U.S. in 2014. Mexico would pay for its construction or else Mexicans in the US would be prevented from sending
Duncan Weir and Fergus McFadden kicked two penalties apiece. Luke McGrath and Taqele Naiyaravoro swapped tries in the third quarter. Leinster edged ahead with a penalty try and McFadden landed a late penalty.
Recent study shows Tibet has experienced an increase in water. Mining and dam construction in the Tibetan plateau have fuelled concerns. In the absence of early warnings from Tibet, water-related disasters can cause human and property losses downstream.
Citizens Advice said that hidden charges such as line rental and delivery costs could add £20 a month to the advertised price.
Jo Potter's curling free-kick put the hosts ahead shortly after half-time. Chelsea were unable to respond and defeat ended their hopes of winning a domestic treble this season. Birmingham are now unbeaten in their last six games in all competitions.
Scientists have identified a range of viruses, called bacteriophages, that can be used to kill common pig infections. The aim is to reduce the risk of antibiotic resistant bacteria emerging on farms. If trials in pigs work, the new therapy could be extended to treat people.
Andy Murray beats Stanislas Wawrinka 6-4 6-2 to reach semis. Brit will face Milos Raonic in last four at 14:00 GMT on Saturday. Novak Djokovic faces Kei Nishikori in other semi at 20:00 GMT.
Murray is the first British man to reach a Roland Garros final since 1937. The Scot also won their most recent meeting in the final of the clay-court Italian Open four weeks ago. It will be the pair's seventh meeting in a Grand Slam final.
The 27-year-old has signed a one-year deal with the League Two club. Goodwillie won the last of his three Scotland caps five years ago. He spent last season on loan at Derek Adams' former club Ross County.
Carissa, 11, has become the youngest ever chess master in the US. So how did she get so good? BBC went to meet her and find out.
Allison Schmitt, Leah Smith, Maya Dirado and Ledecky won in a time of seven minutes 43.03 seconds. Australia was second, with Canada third.
Kostadin Kostov, 42, is accused of murdering 38-year-old Gergana Prodanova. She was last seen in Exeter on 8 August when she failed to turn up for work. Kostov is due to appear at Exeter Magistrates Court on Monday.
Left-wing MP is holding rallies in Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow. His opponents include fellow MPs Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall. The Scottish Labour Party is also in the process of choosing a new leader.
Caf rules state only players born after 1 January 1997 are eligible to participate. The decision can be contested with the Caf's Appeal Board within three days of being notified.
Barnet's John Akinde scored the only goal of the game on 57 minutes. The Bees had the best of a first half short on real chances. Josh Vickers made a fine save late on to keep out a Darius Henderson header.
Springfield, Oregon, is just 100 miles south of Portland, the city where Matt Groening grew up. Springfield is the common US place name for at least 34 towns or cities. Characters in the show have often joked about hiding Springfield's real location.
Airport boss tells Enda Kenny that Tourism Ireland needs to change its work. Graham Keddie said different parts of the UK cannot remain in the EU. He said a weaker pound made Northern Ireland more attractive to tourists.
Jamie Rudling, 28, from Dunoon, repeatedly raped one victim, between 2003 and 2011. He also raped a 22-year-old woman while she was asleep in Argyll in 2014. Rudling was jailed for a minimum of three years and six months.
In Valencia, 24 years of uninterrupted Popular Party rule were brought to an end by a veteran left-winger espousing a new way of doing politics. In Madrid and Barcelona, potentially stable deals with other left-of-centre parties have been struck.
Daria Pionko, 21, was found in Springwell Road, Holbeck. She was taken to hospital for treatment, but died a short time later. A 38-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident.
Country has outpaced China's economic expansion for two quarters. Forecasts were for growth of about 7.3% for the period compared with a year earlier. But the country adopted a new way of calculating growth, which some experts say distorts the real picture.
Jacqueline Oakes, of Birmingham, was battered to death in January 2014. IPCC said she was let down by procedural errors and failings to identify risk. West Midlands Police said it agreed with the findings on its employees.
A disturbance at HMP Erlestoke last year saw 130 inmates transferred. The Independent Monitoring Board said the "major incident" was not a riot. But a shortage of officers "contributed to the incident" The report comes a day after the prison's rating was downgraded.
Parents of some of the Nigerian girls kidnapped by Boko Haram pull out of meeting. President Jonathan says #BringBackOurGirls group should be ashamed. Boko Haram captured more than 200 girls during a raid on their school in Chibok.
David Craig Ellis, 41, has admitted killing Alec Warburton, 59, at a house in Sketty, Swansea. Mr Ellis said he was unemployed when he moved into Mr Warburton's house. He told Swansea Crown Court when he could not afford his rent one month, Mr Warburton came into his bedroom
Roy Hodgson says he will not pick Andy Carroll after his hat-trick. The Liverpool striker has not played for England since October 2012. Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy have established themselves in the set-up.
Milford Haven Ladies Circle also offered to prepare pool for its opening. Pembrokeshire council said it would work with elected members and community. Mayor Colin Sharp said the pool had "always been an important feature"
Islamic State (IS) group captured Qaraqosh overnight after the withdrawal of Kurdish forces. The US has warned that the situation for Iraq's minority groups threatens to become a 'humanitarian catastrophe' The UN Security Council is due to meet in emergency session later on Thursday to discuss the situation.
Jade Ali said she had been "left in the dark" about the search for her partner. Christopher Huxtable, 34, is one of three men believed to be trapped in the rubble. The Health and Safety Executive said its priority was to recover bodies.
After 25 years, the Royal National Mission to Deep Sea Fishermen closed its doors in 2012. Now the former granary building in Eyemouth is being turned into an arts centre.
Actor Lee Ingleby takes over from Neil Morrissey as handyman Bob. Downton Abbey's Joanne Froggatt will play Bob's business partner Wendy. Inbetweeners star Blake Harrison voices the digger Scoop.
In Wales there were 412 district nurses in 2015, down from 712 in 2009. The Royal College of Nursing said it was placing pressure on GP surgeries. Welsh Government said overall, the total number of nurses providing community services had increased.
Yassar Yaqub, 28, was shot when police stopped a car near junction 24 of the M62. His father Mohammed said he felt his son was 'killed unlawfully' Police operation is being investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission. Two men arrested as part of the police operation have been released on
Shep Murombedzi has agreed a new one-year deal with Solihull. Solihull manager Liam McDonald said Edwards will be an asset to the squad.
5,000 police and paramilitary rangers deployed in Lahore's Christian district. Security tight after Sunday's bombings of two churches left 17 dead. Two days of rioting by Christians followed, with two men lynched.
Yorkshire were crowned county champions for the second year in a row. Durham closed 30 runs behind on 174-2, with Mark Stoneman making 62 and Scott Borthwick unbeaten on 56.
A Canadian-led team has calculated how much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface. They found that only 6% of this water is bankable. This is the groundwater that is the most quickly renewed - on the scale of human lifetimes.
Mr Oliver is alleged to have told the Telegraph's editor that Mrs Miller was "looking at Leveson at the moment" 24 hours earlier Mrs Miller's special adviser Joanna Hindley called the reporter working on the story to "flag up" the culture secretary's role in drawing up new press regulation rules
West Brom took the lead before the break when Saido Berahino finished well. Craig Dawson doubled the lead in the 54th minute with a header. A minute later Lukaku rose to nod in Gerard Deulofeu's cross. Lukaku then set up Arouna Kone who fired in to
England's win over South Africa on Sunday secured the Twenty20 series. The game was officially sold out, as were the two ICC Champions Trophy matches at the SSE Swalec Stadium. Glamorgan have forecast an operating profit for 2017 on the back of five days of international cricket.
2004 winner has not played at Lakeside since 2006. Fordham lost his opening group match to Adrian Lewis. He then beat Wayne Jones, meaning a 5-2 victory over Michael Smith would have been enough to see him through to the second round. Smith, currently ninth in the Professional Darts Corporation's Order of
The BBC was one of several media organisations prevented from attending. The central bank blamed a decision to move the press conference to a small venue. There are concerns that the cash clampdown could cut growth in India.
Midfielder James McClean and goalkeepers Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have linked up with the squad. West Ham teenager Declan Rice has dropped out following the training camp. Burnley defender Kevin Long and Preston midfielder Alan Browne could make their Republic debuts against the Mexicans.
Militants call themselves Sinai Province, and post pictures online. Pictures show what looks like a missile followed by a large explosion. Egyptian officials said a coastguard vessel caught fire after a fire-fight. The army said there were no casualties, contradicting the militants' claim.
Sir Philip Green is one of the UK's most successful retailers. He owns Arcadia Group, whose fashion chains include Topshop, Burton, Dorothy Perkins, Evans and Miss Selfridge. His wife Tina is the direct owner of Arcadia, and she is officially a resident of Monaco.
Liverpool-bound Dominic Solanke scored the winner for England. England played the last 17 minutes with 10 men after Josh Onomah was sent off. Paul Simpson's side will now face Italy in the semi-finals.
Abbott is expected to make his debut when the North Group quarter-final hopefuls play twice in two days away to Durham. It gives the county a second overseas player, with Kiwi Matt Henry staying until the early part of July.
Holy Trinity fighter had a 3-2 majority win against the World and European light-welterweight title holder. Belfast flyweight Brendan Irvine is also through to the quarter-finals. McComb easily dealt with Czech Erik Agateljan in his 64kg opener.
Less than a third of people asked in a recent YouGov poll were aware of what pharmacists could offer. Pharmacy Voice, which represents the industry, is launching a drive to change perceptions.
Slide set up for the Swanage Carnival came loose at about 13:40 BST. Police said nine children were treated at the scene - at least one was taken to hospital. South Western Ambulance Service said its paramedics treated three of the children but there was "nothing to suggest their injuries are serious"
Last year, C had been diagnosed with breast cancer, but refused treatment that would "make her fat" She had tried to kill herself by washing paracetamol tablets with Veuve Clicquot champagne. Suicide attempt had badly damaged her liver, but with dialysis her prognosis would be positive.
Alexandra North, 25, will start work as Ipswich's dedicated hedgehog officer next month. She beat 150 applicants to land the £24,000-a-year role with Suffolk Wildlife Trust. Almost 12,000 hedgehogs have been recorded in Suffolk over the past two years.
All four soldiers were from the 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment (Cheshire) The inquest is due to take five days.
A doctor at a local hospital which received many of the dead told AFP that he had seen no evidence of bullet wounds on the bodies. The town of Bishoftu, where the stampede took place, saw further unrest on Monday morning. Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn blamed "evil forces" for
Matt Shepherd scored 15 points for the Duchy to end a run of two successive final defeats by the Red Rose county. Evan Stewart's late try for Lancashire ensured a nervy finish, but could not prevent only their second Twickenham final defeat in six years.
Matthew Daley, 35, killed Donald Lock, 79, on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing. He admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility. Daley will be held in Hellingly medium-secure psychiatric hospital. If his health improves, he will then be transferred to prison
South Africa's original decision to pull out came after a dispute over Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir's visit to the country in 2015. The ICC has been accused of being biased against Africans.
Valerie Cadogan was cycling with her husband when she struck the pothole. Council workers were called to the area within hours to fill in the potholes. Coroner said the effects of the impact may have been lessened if she had been wearing a helmet.
Former England boss won just six of 28 Premier League games in charge. Newcastle are just one place off the bottom of the table. McClaren and his team were booed off following Saturday's 3-1 loss to Bournemouth. Media playback is not supported on this device.
Staff who would be relocated would be those who already process payments made in euros for HSBC in Canary Wharf. Eurozone leaders have warned that without unrestricted access to the EU, London's big finance firms could move operations outside the UK.
The onus is now on the Stormont to come up with new abortion legislation.
The 65-year-old man was walking in woods near the town of Buchen. He encountered the female African elephant, called Baby. The elephant was later captured and returned to the circus.
Levada Centre cannot conduct any work linked to the election campaign. Director Lev Gudkov said the move amounted to 'political censorship' Law passed in 2012 has designated a number of rights groups as foreign agents.
Mr Davies said it would be "hugely challenging" given current "strong anti-establishment thinking" No such poll is taking place, but his comments come after others warned of threats to devolution. Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood said EU result should not be read as vote to "centralise" power.
People have been pushing back at the horror of Thursday's events in Barcelona. They have laid flowers, lit candles and sang John Lennon's song of peace and tolerance. One woman said: "This has nothing to do with Catalan independence or friction"
Longlist compiled by a panel of 144 DJs, critics and writers. It includes Alessia Cara, Frances and witty rap collective Section Boyz. Last year's victors were pop trio Years and Years.
Man, 40, arrested on suspicion of breaking laws protecting endangered species. Items found include a tiger's head, monkey skulls, reptiles and stuffed birds of prey. Follows seizure by the UK Border Force of a chameleon preserved in formaldehyde.
Police say they have arrested a 26-year-old on suspicion of benefit fraud. They do not have enough evidence against him to arrest him. Bilel A. is suspected of having known the Berlin lorry driver Anis Amri. Amri killed 12 people in the attack on 19 December in central Berlin
The Rev Margaret McPhee made the comment at a carol service on Monday. A parent on Facebook said she had "spoiled the magic" of Christmas. The school said Mrs McPhee had promised "she will not be making such comments in the future"
Man found dead in upstairs bedroom of house in Kilmacormick area. Fire crews wore breathing apparatus and used thermal imaging cameras. They are working to establish the cause of the fire.
Jolie, whose directorial debut is set in Bosnia's 1992 to 1995 war, received a standing ovation. She presented the festival's best actor award to Thomas Schubert who starred in Atman.
Thomas Fendall and Jessica Hussell, who were in a relationship, used their positions within Greater Manchester Police to access restricted material. A court heard they targeted Hussell's ex-boyfriend, who lost his job after he was wrongfully arrested. The pair provided false information to Crimestoppers, naming Hussell
Five-year-old Louis Kayes missed Celtic's game against Motherwell. His mother, Lisa, said he borrowed her phone to make the call. She said he wanted to apologise to manager Brendan Rodgers and captain Scott Brown.
Celtic and Rangers met in the Scottish Championship final at Hampden Park. Barrie McKay gave Rangers the lead with a long-range strike. Erik Sviatchenko equalised for Celtic with a header. Kenny Miller fired Rangers into the lead in the 96th minute.
Team from Glasgow University found there was a sharp fall in accidents from 1997 to 2,914 in 2014. The researchers said, however, there was "no evidence" the M74 had impacted on an "already decreasing trend" The five-mile route, which cost £692m, links the M
They seized the regional government's headquarters and prosecutor's office. Interim President Olexander Turchynov criticised local police for their "inaction" and "criminal treachery" The US accused Russia of seeking to "change the security landscape" of Eastern and Central Europe.
Cumberbatch said he 'can't wait... to bring this complex, funny and dangerous character to life for the BBC' Sherlock co-star Martin Freeman will play the same role in London's West End later this year.
Belgian separatist leader Bart De Wever assumed the remarks were aimed at him and said he had overstepped his role. Political experts and commentators argued that the broadcast had intervened in political debate. Belgium has a deepening divide between its Dutch-speaking north and French-speaking south.
Durham's Keaton Jennings will captain the North in the series. Hampshire's James Vince will skipper the South. Ben Duckett, Liam Dawson, Tim Bresnan and Harry Gurney also named.
Derry City and Strabane District Council lent its support to the move. An estimated 400,000 people attended the event in 2013. Evelyn Ni Dochartaigh is one of the organisers of the fleadh.
Members of the public invited to take part in new tree planting project. Brackfield Wood is one of four new woods being created across the UK. Woodland Trust's aim is to plant "millions" of trees to commemorate WW1 victims.
The sign is on the Beeston-bound platform of the Queen's Medical Centre. It points commuters towards the "Univeristy Of Nottingham" It follows another spelling mishap spotted on a sign last July.
Feyisa says he may be killed if he goes home. Ethiopia's government says he will be welcomed as a hero. But state media is not showing photos of him crossing the line. There has been a wave of protests in Ethiopia in recent months.
Barrier was in place following a fatal crash in 1977. It was removed three weeks before Enda Dolan died after he was hit by a van. DRD Roads Service could not find out why it had been put there.
Four suspects were shot dead, one arrested and other are being sought. City officials said evidence implicated militants from the western region of Xinjiang. Witnesses said that the men, who were mostly dressed in black, attacked people at random.
EDF customers will see electricity prices increase by 9% and gas prices go up by 5.5%. The supplier previously increased electricity prices by 8.4% on 1 March. Energy regulator, Ofgem, said it was hard to justify.
The government will spend £9m on a campaign to promote Britain's EU membership. Leaflets seem like a staggeringly inefficient and low rent way of getting a message out. Most of them will probably go straight in the bin, along with take-away flyers and credit card offers, say critics.
Yn ffodus, roedd camera Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf!
Thomas Orchard, 32, died in October 2012 after being arrested in Exeter. Custody sergeant Jan Kingshott, 44, and civilian detention officers Simon Tansley, 38, and Michael Marsden, 55, all deny manslaughter. Bristol Crown Court heard Mr Orchard was "angry and aggressive" when he arrived at
The Dow Jones fell 23.15 points to 18,529.42. The wider S&P 500 was 1.23 points lower at 2,182.64. Cancer drug firm Medivation soared 19.7% after Pfizer agreed to buy it.
Seven Shi Tzu puppies and two full-grown lurchers taken from property in Winchburgh. Police officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service resolved 13 bonfire incidents on Tuesday night. Police are investigating complaints about "distasteful" materials placed on some bonfires. Martin McGuinness' son Emmett tweeted: "I am very thankful that I was raised by parent's never to hate anyone"
25-year-old joined Fulham from Rayo Vallecano last summer. He has not played for the Cottagers since October. Celta are currently ninth in La Liga.
Cardiff Central AM Jenny Rathbone calls for a ban on letting agency fees. She said some tenants were charged??150 to have properties taken off the market. Ministers have warned of a risk that banning fees would push up rents.
Met Police Commissioner, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, is in a five-year contract. Operation Midland has tested the commissioner's leadership and judgement. Detective's ill-judged comment that complainant's allegations were 'credible'
Machrihanish is among five sites across Britain hoping to be a spaceport. UK government has previously said it wanted to establish spaceport by 2018. It also included Prestwick in South Ayrshire, Stornoway in Western Isles, Newquay airport in Cornwall and Llanbedr airport in Snowdonia National Park
George is an ambassador for the Royal Horticultural Society, which runs the show. He met Newsround at the world famous Chelsea Flower Show.
Lib Dem leader had secured his 2011 seat through the list vote. He beat SNP candidate Roderick Campbell by 3,465 votes. Mr Rennie received 14,928 votes, an increase of 15% from 2011.
In this interactive video, Robert Opie outlines some of the main reasons why we change what we buy. The arrival of the domestic freezer, of washing powder, and of cheaper imports all affected the sort of items on sale and popular among UK consumers.
Hawick Knitwear has also increased its production of sweaters to meet demand. The company, which dates back to 1874, was bought by managing director Benny Hartop in November last year.
Original Grotte Chauvet drawings are 32,000 years old. They were discovered by potholers in 1994 and are now a Unesco World Heritage site. Specialists spent four years reproducing the cave with help of hi-tech tools. The replica cave will open to the public on 25 April.
Sunderland's Rachael Laws, 25, has been called up to replace the 32-year-old Liverpool keeper. England face Belgium in Rotherham on Friday, before travelling to Zenica to play Bosnia on Tuesday.
Andrew Barrett, 32, from Norfolk, worked for the East of England Ambulance Service. He met the girl while doing voluntary work and began sending her explicit messages. During the first sexual assault, he hugged her and touched her indecently. The second took place while he was driving and she was in
Fury, 23, looked fresh throughout and picked his opponent off at ease. Two judges scored the fight 117-112 with the other scoring it 118-111. Victory for the unbeaten Fury could now open the door to a potential world title shot against either of the Klitschko brothers.
Albert Kelly returned late from a trip home to Australia and was dropped for Saturday's defeat to Leigh. Hull KR coach Jamie Peacock said talks are ongoing over resolving the issue. Kelly has been an influential figure for the Robins since joining in 2015.
Elliott Johnson, 21, was found dead in September after complaining of bullying. Tory co-chairman Grant Shapps resigned over allegations he failed to act. The party has launched an independent inquiry into the allegations.
It has filed to sell up to $24.3bn (£15bn) of stock, which would make it the biggest technology listing in the US. Facebook's IPO, which raised $16bn in 2012, was the previous biggest.
NHS Improvement wanted to publish data on the scale of hospital deficits. Whitehall officials advised against it because of election 'purdah' rules. In the 2015-16 financial year, hospitals ran up deficits totalling £2.4bn.
Justin Gatlin qualified fastest in the men's 100m in 10.07 seconds. Britain's CJ Ujah (10.13) and James Dasaolu (10.18) went through as the eighth and 19th fastest qualifiers. The semi-finals take place on Monday from 01:00 BST.
The 19-year-old made his debut for the Bees in April and has made a total of five appearances.
The first official single from Madonna's new album, Rebel Heart, is called Living for Love. But Radio 1 says age has nothing to do with tracks not being playlisted. Fans, many from South America, accused the network of being "discriminatory"
Cost of stamps will also rise and as many as 8,000 jobs will be eliminated. But the agency says it will also open more retail locations across Canada. The service faces a projected 1bn Canadian dollar ($943m; £576m) loss by 2020. Canada Post lost C$73m
Barack Obama and Uhuru Kenyatta say they are united against terrorism. But the two leaders differ sharply in their positions on gay rights. Mr Obama spoke strongly against discrimination while Mr Kenyatta said Kenya did not share the same values.
Grey wolf was hunted almost to extinction in France in the 1930s. It is now making a surprising comeback, protected as an endangered species. Some 200 wolves have colonised the southern regions of France. They are believed to have crossed from Italy in the mid-1990s and are moving further north.
The shows will be filmed in early June at Westminster's Central Hall. The three episodes will air on 7, 8 and 9 June on Sky 1 and Now TV. Corden: "To bring The Late Late Show to the UK is a dream come true for me"
Prime Minister hosts German Chancellor for working dinner at Chequers. They will also discuss the migrant crisis and the situation in Iraq and Ukraine. Earlier hosted Estonia's Prime Minister Taavi Roivas for bilateral talks.
Antony Jenkins has been Barclays' chief executive since 2012. Chairman John McFarlane has been named executive chairman until a new chief executive is appointed. Mr McFarlane said a "new set of skills" was required at the top of the bank.
The FBI seized computers and mobile phones from the home in October. Celebrities including Jennifer Lawrence had pictures stolen - apparently via a hack on their Apple iCloud accounts. Court papers have identified eight celebrities by their initials only.
James Bisset, 23, was jailed for seven years and four months. He admitted causing death by dangerous driving, dangerous driving and drug possession. Mr Gould's family said he had been "the perfect son, brother, nephew, grandson and cousin"
Mohammad Thneibat said countries such as Jordan faced a "serious problem" He called for more international financial support to help build schools and train teachers. "The alternatives are very bad," he told the Global Education and Skills Forum.
Kingfisher House was being sold by lenders to recover losses. But bidders appeared to be deterred by the asking price. Mr Mallya is said to have $1.4bn of unpaid debts after his airline collapsed.
The project will test the effects of both types of cigarette on volunteers' blood vessel function. It will recruit 135 adult volunteers who have smoked 15 cigarettes a day for a minimum of two years. Participants will be split into three groups, with one continuing to smoke tobacco cigarettes.
Weston Academy said it made the decision due to falling pupil numbers. 56-pupil school was classed as "inadequate" by Ofsted in March. A petition describing the closure as a 'huge waste of resources' attracted more than 500 signatures.
Tom Hardy, Russell Brand and Nick Grimshaw among stars to take part. Alison Kirkham, the BBC's controller of factual commissioning, said one in four were affected. The initiative coincides with the Minds Matter season, a range of programmes about mental health.
Woman's husband was rescued from the blaze and is being treated in hospital. Clodagh Rice has been at the scene.
Roger Caffrey, 70, was found guilty of three counts of rape and 12 counts of indecent assault. One ex-pupil was raped six times by Caffrey at his home, court heard. A number of offences against his seven victims took place during lesson time.
A 30ft (9m) decomposed whale washed up on the beach at Felixstowe on Sunday. The body of a minke whale was spotted near Orford on Saturday. Scientists from the Cetace Strandings Investigation Programme say there is now a third dead whale off the coast.
Andrea Lewis, 51, was found dead at a home in Tonna, Neath, in January 2016. Rhys Hobbs, 46, pleaded guilty to manslaughter in July and was sentenced. On Tuesday, the Court of Appeal upped his sentence to 12-and-a-half years.
Kohli made 107 and shared century stands with both Shikhar Dhawan (73) and Suresh Raina (74) at the Adelaide Oval. When Kohli fell as part of Sohail Khan's 5-55, Pakistan looked to have dragged themselves back into the game by restricting India to a reachable 300-7. But a chase that never
Jonathan Demme is one of the most versatile film-makers of our time. He is adept at crafting concert films and documentaries. His list of credits shows him to be versatile as well as prolific.
GB Taekwondo have overlooked the world number one three times in favour of Muhammad, ranked 59th in the world. The move has been investigated by the BOA and, while they feel selectors acted properly, they were disappointed by the way the issue has been handled.
Kester David, 53, from Wood Green, was found badly burned under a bridge in 2010. Police made a fresh appeal for information about his death last year. On Monday the police said they had closed the reinvestigation.
Richard McAuley, 42, pleaded guilty to the murder of Denise Dunlop, 32. The fatal stabbing occurred in the living room of Ms Dunlop's Ballymena home. As a result of the attack, the couple's daughter suffered a 'complex and traumatic experience'
The teenager suffered a serious leg injury in the fall at Devil's Cave in Chellow Dene, near Bradford. Calder Valley Search and Rescue Team lowered a team member down into the cave by rope and the boy was placed on a stretcher.
Women at risk of complications to be taken to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness. The move which will see the withdrawal of consultant obstetricians was agreed on grounds of obstetric safety. However, the change is opposed by a local campaign.
Jonny Lomax and Ryan Hall score first-half tries for Leeds. Adam Cuthbertson added to Hall's score in the second half. Danny Richardson crossed late on for St Helens.
The presidential poll will take place next month and Uhuru Kenyatta is seeking re-election. On Friday, after a case brought by the opposition, the High Court ordered the electoral commission not to print ballot papers. The High Court argued that the tendering process for the ballot papers had not been transparent enough.
The city was hit by thunderstorms and heavy rains, but there has been no reports of damage. Check out this amazing time-lapse video of the storm.
Michael Lane denies killing Shana Grice, 19, who had her throat slit and her bedroom torched. A friend of Mr Lane, lay preacher Andrew Birks, told Lewes Crown Court he saw him shortly before she was found.
Castleford Tigers secured top spot in Super League with win over Wakefield Trinity. Daryl Powell's side have scored almost 200 points more than anyone else in the league. First-half tries from Zak Hardaker, Mike McMeeken and Jake Webster set them on their way.
Comedian Russell Brand has been accused of being a hypocrite. He campaigns for economic and political "revolution" yet lives in a luxury home. Newsbeat contacted Brand to see if he was really going to take legal action against The Sun.
Paul Brian Murray was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April, 1975. He was excited that both he and his dad, Tony, were going to the match. Paul was really popular with his school friends and neighbours. In a strange way, his wish was granted in a small part of
32-year-old Norwegian man charged over both attacks. Man dressed as police officer arrested on Utoeya island after hour-long shooting spree. Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said many people were still looking for their children.
Elaine O'Hara, 36, was last seen on 22 August 2012, near Shanganagh cemetery. Graham Dwyer, 42, from Foxrock, south Dublin, pleaded not guilty to murder. Judge said 40 days of evidence boils down to what happened in three hours.
Blair Turgott scores late winner for North Ferriby United. Reece Thompson had given Bromley the lead. Bromley remain bottom of the Vanarama Conference.
Goodwin played for Sussex for 12 years, scoring 24,000 runs. Sussex were relegated from Division One last season. Mark Davis was appointed head coach in November.
Strong winds have brought down trees and power cables across the Isle of Man. Ronaldsway Airport has been closed and all flights cancelled. The Met Office has issued an amber weather warning for the day.
The economy expanded by just over 5%, boosted by government spending. Indonesia has seen an average of just under 6% growth over the past decade. President Joko Widodo had promised to lift annual growth to 7% on average.
Researchers found activity in two areas of the brain - the hippocampus and the striatum - in teenagers. The hippocampus is thought to play a key role in the formation of powerful memories during an important stage in life.
Victim was killed on Wednesday about a mile from a West Glacier campground. Bear attacks are rare in the area with only 10 deaths reported since the park was created in 1910.
Met says overall crime levels will be unaffected. Fewer than half of Londoners say they will feel safe on the Night Tube.
Christopher Daldorph, 45, spent up to two hours a day viewing the material. Officers found 20 devices at his home in West Wick, Weston-super-Mare. One hard drive alone contained more than 150,000 images and videos.
Ireland lost to India and hosts Sri Lanka but beat Zimbabwe and Thailand. Ireland retain their one-day international status by making the Super Six. The top four qualify for the World Cup this summer.
Merlin Entertainments Group (MEG) filed application in 2014 to build lodges. Warwick Society said the plans were not in keeping with the landscape. MEG has previously said the site would "benefit the wider economy"
Everton boss Ronald Koeman has advised James McCarthy not to join the Ireland squad. McCarthy has been ruled out of the Republic's World Cup qualifier against Austria on Saturday. Martin O'Neill said this week that Koeman was "bleating" about the matter.
Roger Cooper, 41, and ex-soldier David Cooper, 39, both deny killing Sameena Imam, 34. Her body was found buried at an allotment in Leicester in January. Ms Imam had been having a two-year affair with Cooper and issued him with an ultimatum to leave his partner.
Move will affect tickets bought for Lufthansa as well as Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines and Swiss from 1 September. Opodo said online travel agencies were opposed to the move and lawyers at the European Travel Agents' and Tour Operators' Associations are looking into the matter.
IFA Disciplinary Committee opted not to impose any sanction. Carrick manager Gary Haveron sat out a three-game ban. The committee said it would "exercise its discretion" in the matter.
Tiny pieces of DNA known as telomeres indicate how long a creature will live. telomeres are like caps on the ends of shoelaces. They wear down over time and can malfunction or die. Zebra finches measured their telomeres throughout their lives. The longest lived birds had the longest telomere
The minimum prison term has risen from 20 to 40 years. It will apply for all abductions, including those that last only a few hours or days. The maximum prison sentence will rise from 50 to 140 years for those who kill their victims.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died after losing 2.3 litres of blood at Tunbridge Wells Hospital. The teacher died after giving birth to her second son on 9 October 2012. Consultant anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish said stimulator drugs should have been in every theatre.
Homosexual acts are illegal in the West African state under both Islamic and secular law.
Russia was banned for state-sponsored doping in November 2015. IAAF extended the ban on Monday to cover the 2017 World Championships. Russia's national drug-testing agency remains suspended.
Jamal Kiyemba, a Ugandan, was arrested with the help of US officials. He was freed from Guantanamo Bay in 2006 without being charged. Prosecutor Joan Kagezi was shot dead on 30 March.
Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) signed into state law last week. It prevents the state from forcing people to provide services contrary to their religion. Critics believe it provides a way for opponents of gay marriage to continue their opposition by other means.
Singer from Ely, Cardiff, topped the list following an online vote. In second place was Blackwood-born James Dean Bradfield of Manic Street Preachers. Sir Tom Jones and Dame Shirley Bassey, finished fourth and fifth respectively.
Guido Tognoni worked "extremely closely" with the Fifa president during Blatter's second term. bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments is the subject of a Swiss criminal investigation. Russia and Qatar deny wrongdoing, while Blatter has not been named in a separate US criminal investigation into widespread corruption at
Avni Metra, 53, came to Britain in 1998, one year after he killed two brothers in his native Albania. He was convicted in his absence of both murders and possession of firearms. Metra, who was living in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, was arrested by Scotland Yard detectives on 8 June as he drove
FAW officials have yet to decide how to commemorate the occasion. England and Scotland will defy Fifa's ban on players wearing poppies. Wales players were allowed to wear armbands with the poppy symbol in a friendly against Norway.
Anthony and Yvonne Pardoe travelled around the world collecting the items. Buyers from the US, Israel and Holland attended the auction in Exeter. A US Navy Helium diving helmet took top price for a single item at £8,000.
41-year-old Bryan Cowie was seen in the water near Dumfries town centre. The recovery operation was carried out with the assistance of Nith Inshore Rescue.
Brownhill made six appearances for North End last season. The 20-year-old scored three goals in 27 games on loan at Barnsley.
A letter from NHS England suggests vulnerable practices could be left to "wither by the system" It comes as media reports suggest a £10m fund to help struggling GP surgeries has not yet been handed out more than a year after it was unveiled.
Wallace scored Liverpool's first European goal against K.R. Knattspyrnufélagkur in 1964. It's more than 55 years since he left Llanelli for Liverpool. But Wallace has not lost a trace of his Welsh accent.
Victims due to share their experiences at the All Wales Anti-Slavery Conference. Gwent Police officers who rescued a man who worked unpaid for 13 years on a farm are also taking part.
dormitories in south London became temporary accommodation for immigrants from countries like Jamaica who were invited to live in the UK. The tunnels, which are 120ft below the surface, have now been opened up for public visits by Transport for London.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until he wins something. Alan Shearer says Ashley must "stop selling their best players" Interim manager John Carver says he still wants the job.
Striker Aluko quit the England team in May 2016 after making the claims. She said she also felt "undermined and belittled" by England staff. But FA said an independent report found no evidence of wrongdoing. Aluko and the FA agreed a settlement earlier this year.
Nick Hardwick said staff shortages, population pressures and prison policy all contributed to problems. Ministry of Justice said there was no evidence linking rise in self-inflicted deaths to government policy.
Scotland face Czech Republic in Euro 2018 qualifier later this month. Gordon Strachan is likely to pick a number of young players. BBC Scotland's football analysts give their thoughts on which youngsters deserve a place in the national team.
Man, 28, and woman, 35, arrested on suspicion of possession of firearms. Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal unit called to the scene.
England head coach Stuart Lancaster will name his Six Nations squad on Wednesday. Northampton's Ben Foden and Harlequins' Mike Brown are both expected to be included. Foden scored his third try in two matches as Saints beat Quins 24-3 on Saturday.
Duffy raced into a 3-0 lead and beat the world number nine easily. Ding's news conference lasted less than a minute and was littered with swear words.
Blackpool Council will decide on 17 June whether to extend its £1.3m scheme. All 12,000 pupils are offered milk, fruit juice, cereal and toast.
Garry Reed joined Swimbridge Primary School in 1982, but retires this Christmas. Known as "a funny teacher with very good jokes", he has never arrived at school without looking forward.
The 25-year-old is the fifth signing since Liam McDonald became manager. Koue Niate played eight times for Moors, but Benjamin did not make a first-team appearance.
Remains were found at Pentrellyncymer near Cerrigydrudion in November. Man is believed to be aged over 54 and between 5ft 8in (172cm) and 5ft 10in (177cm)
The boys of the township were carrying out the traditional ritual of going from house to house. It is widely thought that some of these island traditions came from the Vikings. Similar traditions are also found in Iceland, the Faroes, Shetland and Orkney.
Part of an attempt to streamline operations at the new Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link, which will open next year. Passengers will be able to undertake border clearance procedures for both Hong Kong and China.
The 30 new military advisers will raise Australia's total deployment to 300. Defence Minister Marise Payne told a Senate estimates hearing that the troops would help train Afghan security forces. US authorities recommended sending at least 3,000 more soldiers to fight the Taliban.
42-year-old was crossing Rutherglen Road, near its junction with Glasgow Road. He was hit by a Mercedes Vito at about 18:05 on Wednesday.
Government says changes will allow schools to hire talented people. NASUWT says it is about saving money. One delegate told conference children were being taught "on the cheap"
Royal Mail said it would not be able to afford the rising cost of its contribution to the pension plan. The move will affect 90,000 members of the defined benefit scheme. Unite will consider strike action if Royal Mail does not "respond positively"
Jersey lost 19-13 to Ealing in the Championship on Saturday. Stevens made his home debut after leaving London Welsh last month.
The X-47B is being designed by weapons manufacturer Northrop Grumman. It was in the air for 29 minutes during its maiden flight and reached an altitude of 5,000 feet. Officials say it will help form part of a new generation of unmanned drones.
The company, best known for its smartphone chips, wants to reduce spending by $1.4bn (£900m) It also delivered its third profit warning of the year.
Two people rescued from a first floor window in Tunstall. Cause of the fire believed to be accidental.
The others were found guilty of crimes including bomb-making and arson. The government has accused separatist militants based in Xinjiang of recent attacks. Xinjiang is the traditional home of Muslim Uighurs, who speak a distinct language.
Wellingborough Borough Council had planned to close Glamis Hall. The 40-year-old building was deemed too expensive to run. A community group raised a 10,000-signature petition to save the hall.
South Wales Police said the incident happened at about 17:50 BST on Friday near to Court Road, Barry. The child was taken to the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff.
The amount of compensation you get depends on which provider you have your credit card with. Key difference arises when a cardholder occasionally pays off their monthly card balance in full. Financial Conduct Authority told the BBC they did not accept there was 'a systemic flaw'
Scientists at the University of the West of England have invented a device that turns pee into electricity. The system was developed by scientists at the Bristol Bioenergy Centre.
Social network has been using artificial intelligence software to scan satellite imagery. It hopes to use the information to determine where internet-beaming drones would best be deployed. Facebook intends to use maps to inform its Internet.org initiative. But the British Red Cross charity said the initiative could potentially help it locate vulnerable
Kevin Brown scored three tries against his former club. Ryan Atkins, Matty Russell and Chris Hill also crossed for Wolves. Widnes have lost six of their last seven games.
Poster for E3 Harelbeke shows a hand moving towards a girl's backside. UCI said it was 'extremely unhappy' with the poster. The poster has been taken down but is still being used on social media.
Kai, from Unity State, fled fighting in Leer, a small town in Unity State. As a consequence of the deteriorating security situation, transporting goods by road is severely hampered. Humanitarian organisations have been forced to rely heavily on air transport.
Two officers were conducting a mobile patrol of the town when the incident occurred. A man emerged from an alleyway and threw a brick at the vehicle. The brick struck the windscreen in front of the driver, smashing it.
Emma has been appointed as a U.N. goodwill ambassador for women. Says there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive rights.
Office of Rail Regulation casts doubt on the reliability of Network Rail's data. Bad data means more delays for passengers and higher costs for the taxpayer. Network Rail has a £38bn budget for the next five years.
Egypt beat Morocco 1-0 in their Africa Cup of Nations quarter-final. Abdel-Moneim, also known as Kahraba, scored the winner. Egypt will now face Burkina Faso in the semi-finals.
Insp Ken Mackaill and Det Sgt Stuart Hinton are accused of gross misconduct. They could be sacked if the disciplinary charges are proved. Meeting followed claims the Tory MP called police "plebs"
Thomas Farr, 31, died from multiple injuries after he was hit by a car. Police said his death may be linked to an "altercation" in Croydon.
The Handlebar Club, which is holding the contest as it celebrates its 70th year. The club specifies that beards are not allowed, and advises people to contact The British Beard Club. About 100 people are expected to attend this year's Handlebar annual meeting.
China has invested heavily in Zambian copper mining and other sectors. The country is also home to a growing Chinese community. There has been some tension between the Chinese and Zambians in the past.
One Kilcoo player is to be banned for six months and another for four months. The suspensions have yet to be officially confirmed by the Ulster Council. It is believed the case was the first time an allegation of racial abuse had been lodged.
Andy Murray beat Nick Kyrgios 7-5 6-1 6-4 to reach the last 16. Kyrgio's performance was criticised by seven-time Grand Slam winner John McEnroe. The Australian made 19 unforced errors and did not earn a break point.
Donald Trump said he did not discuss his plan to make Mexico pay for the wall. But Mr Pena Nieto later tweeted: "I made it clear Mexico would not pay" After the meeting, Mr Trump flew to Phoenix to deliver a key speech on immigration.
Extreme calorie restriction is thought to promote healthy ageing. Metformin is one of the most widely prescribed treatments for type-2 diabetes. The human implications of the study are unclear, the researchers say.
Mark Roy Mason, 48, was assaulted outside Home Bargains in Rhyl. He was taken to hospital but later died from his injuries. North Wales Police believe it was a targeted attack.
Bailey, 31, joined after the start of the season and made 15 appearances for Wire. Cox, 24, arrived on a one-year deal from Hull KR while Dodds, 27, had an injury-hit season.
Police briefly gave chase when the vehicle failed to stop for them. Officers gave up their pursuit for safety reasons. The car then hit an office building.
Giaccherini joined Sunderland from Juventus for £6.5m in 2013. The Italian spent last season on loan at Serie A Bologna. He scored the opening goal of Euro 2016 against Belgium.
An ornate Roman coin, medieval silver pennies, a copper figurine, a thimble, window glass and a key were unearthed. Foundations were also discovered, showing the original structure of Auckland Castle in County Durham was "significantly larger" than thought.
The Sun compared Everton midfielder Ross Barkley to a "gorilla" He said men with similar "pay packets" in Liverpool were "drug dealers" Merseyside Police are investigating whether his comments constitute a "racial hate crime" The Sun apologised "for the offence caused" and said it was "unaware of Barkley's
The deal ends months of speculation about the future of the Gulls, who were facing financial difficulties. The deal is subject to ratification by the National League. GI pulled out of a bid to buy the club in the summer.
Lack of awareness and a shortage of trainees means police often end up questioning adults with mental illness without one. Appropriate adults are trained volunteers who help with communication during police interviews. They are supposed to ensure mentally vulnerable people who are arrested or questioned understand what is happening.
Stuart Hogg (Scotland) and Leigh Halfpenny (Wales) are both Lions debutants. England's Owen Farrell and Billy Vunipola are among those making their debuts. New Zealand's Richie McCaw is the most successful Lions player ever.
Romelu Lukaku missed a second-half penalty for Manchester United. Marcus Rashford scored from Henrikh Mkhitaryan's corner three minutes after coming on. Marouane Fellaini diverted Jesse Lingard's drive past Kasper Schmeichel. United are the only side to have won all three of
In 2012 about 155,000 were convicted and fined for not paying the £145.50 fee. In total 180,000 people were prosecuted - accounting for more than one in 10 criminal prosecutions that year. Culture Secretary Maria Miller said decriminalisation of the licence fee should be on the table during the BBC's charter review
"UK settled status" will grant those who have spent five years in the UK equal rights on healthcare, education, benefits and pensions. Guaranteeing EU citizens' rights is the top priority for the EU delegation negotiating Brexit. There are two other thorny issues that have to be resolved early on - the UK'
Houli Chemlal was injured in Alcanar explosion that reduced house to rubble. He is one of four surviving suspects who gave evidence to Madrid court. Said he had known of bigger series of attacks planned for at least two months.
Sion Davies, 25, died after falling off a balcony at Anthony Munkley's flat. Footage of the attack was filmed on Mr Davies's phone and played to jury. Lee Roberts, 33, and 53-year-old Mr Munkley deny murder. His wife, Gwenythe Munk
Michael Robson, 44, was originally convicted of murder in 1996. He had his sentence reduced to manslaughter after an appeal in 2006. Robson absconded from Hatfield Prison in Doncaster on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy suffered a recurrence of a rib injury at the Players Championship. The world number two said there would be "no limitations" on his swing. McIlroy confirmed he will play in the Scottish Open in July.
David Lammy says it is time for a new generation to "step up to a leadership role" Tottenham MP is putting together a bid to be Labour's candidate for London mayor. No contenders have yet come forward in the race to succeed Ed Miliband. Harriet Harman is to serve as acting leader until a
Paula Vasco-Knight, 53, used £11,072 of NHS cash to pay her husband. She used the money for work on an equality and diversity publication. But the newsletter was a "sham", cut and pasted from a charity research paper. Her husband Stephen, 46, also changed his plea
Google will allow advertisers to see whether online ad campaigns generate offline sales. Announcing the service, Google said that it captures around 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the US. Google will not have access to the details about what individuals spend. Instead they learn the value of all purchases in a certain
Woman was picked up from Candlemaker Row, Edinburgh, at 03:30am. She was taken to a layby and subjected to a serious sexual assault. Police Scotland are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen the victim.
Population increased by 491,100 from mid-2013 to mid-2014, ONS says. Net migration added 259,700 to population growth, according to ONS. 25% of all births in 2013 were to mothers born outside the UK.
The new deal does not extend Conte's commitment to the club. The Italian signed a three-year contract on his arrival in west London in 2016. Conte lifted the Premier League title at the first attempt last season.
Guernsey will face Thamesmead Town in the FA Cup third round. The tie will take place at Footes Lane on 20 August. Guernsey were last drawn at home in the competition in 2013.
Dame Margaret Hodge's review said it would be better to ditch the Garden Bridge than risk uncertain costs. The Garden Bridge Trust said it was seeking a meeting with the London mayor to discuss next steps. She said £37.4m had already been spent, and even if the bridge did not go ahead it would
Thames Water said a large pipe burst damaging the road. The water gushed into several businesses including the Curzon Cinema. Road remained closed between Palace Street and Buckingham Gate on Sunday.
The News Letter reveals the names of two civil servants who told figures in the renewable heat industry the scheme was soon to end. The Irish News reports that a charity watchdog is investigating after a green energy group said it would be "ethically improper" to warn Stormont about flaws in the scheme. Meanwhile,
Dr Helen Nicoll, 53, was found dead at home in Cambridgeshire on Friday. Her husband and partner in their dental practice, Stephen Nicoll was arrested on suspicion of murder before being released on Tuesday. A post-mortem examination revealed Mrs Nicoll died from asphyxiation.
Roy Oliver, 37, fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party in Balch Springs in April, killing Jordan Edwards, 15. The officer was sacked a few days later for policy violations. No date has been set for the trial.
Indian PM's speech to Dhaka University leads to top-trending "beingdespiteawoman" hashtag. Analysts say Mr Modi may have been trying to highlight the importance of "women power" But he could have chosen better words, say foreign policy analysts.
He will live aboard his rowing boat, the Soma of Essex. Made of carbon fibre, it is 6.5m (21ft) long and weighs just 460kg (1,014lb) Each day he will have to eat about 7,000 calories and make his own water.
Real Madrid forward gets decisive goal when he stooped low to head in Miguel Veloso's superb cross. No player has scored more headed goals (four) than Ronaldo in European World Cup 2014 qualification. Second leg will take place at Solna's Friends Arena on Tuesday.
The men were on board an anti-piracy vessel, the Seaman Guard Ohio. They face charges including straying into Indian waters. Another British man, Paul Towers from Yorkshire, remains in jail.
Taliban has been regaining ground in Sangin and is now poised to recapture the district from Afghan forces. The Taliban intentionally avoids centres of the districts, where they can easily be targeted. Keeping control of the centre of Sangin would not be easy for the militants, but they may have an advantage among the
PoW Ron Jones, from Newport, was taken to Auschwitz in 1943. There he was allowed out to play football on Sundays with other PoWs. He says it was a way of keeping him sane, and also kept them fit. Many of his PoW friends died on the march from Auschwitz
Foo Fighters, Radiohead, Stormzy and Lorde will perform over the weekend. 177,000 revellers, musicians, stall holders and volunteers will be at Worthy Farm. Here are 12 things we're 99% certain will happen over the next five days.
It took 72 firefighters five hours to extinguish the fire in Earl's Court. Nobody was hurt but 150 people were evacuated.
Ivory Coast had asked that all drilling be suspended. Tribunal ruled this would risk "considerable financial loss" to Ghana. Area believed to contain large reserves of oil, which both countries keen to exploit.
Of 151 drivers stopped by Thames Valley Police, 137 were using their phone. Operation was carried out in Berkshire, Oxfordshire and Hampshire. Police said they were disappointed with the figures.
Striker denies raping a 19-year-old woman at a Premier Inn in 2011. He was found guilty of rape in 2012, but his conviction was quashed in April. Mrs Justice Nicola Davies told the jury to decide the case "calmly"
Leigh Halfpenny has not set the Lions tour alight so far. The Welshman appeared in a laboured win over the Provincial Barbarians. He doesn't give you any of the X-factor that Hogg would have done.
Mother and at least two kits have been observed on a river near Beauly. Trees for Life said the mammals have been in the area for at least five years. Government has instructed that beavers be trapped and then kept in captivity.
Onlookers said the men were prisoners but this has yet to be confirmed. Mid and West Wales Fire Service would not give any details of an incident. South Wales Police said it is not involved.
Dick Advocaat leaves Sunderland after only eight games in charge. The Dutchman said he wanted to give the players time to turn things around. Assistant head coach Zeljko Petrovic has also left the club.
Learning Partnership West was awarded £3m contract from Bristol City Council. It provides mentoring and support and manages adventure playgrounds. A dozen whistleblowers raised issues including concerns over leadership. Former CEO Nicola Burcham said she had left "a long time ago" and refused to comment further.
Solar panels will be installed on 50 homes this year, 1,000 next year and 950 in 2016/2017. Kirklees Council expects the panels to reduce household bills by £100 each year.
Great Britain won the Davis Cup for the first time in 79 years over the weekend. World number two Andy Murray inspired Britain to victory in Ghent. Murray said he has not discussed the lack of young British players competing in Grand Slams.
Wilder's side were confirmed champions after rivals Oxford lost to Luton. Richards himself has missed the run-in because of an Achilles injury.
The 29-year-old committed two fouls but jumped 7.90m with his last effort to go through as the 10th of 12 qualifiers. Rutherford has won gold at his last four major championships and is the Olympic, world, Commonwealth and European long jump champion.
Theresa May said it was not possible for MPs to understand what the families had been through. Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham said "those responsible must be held to account" South Yorkshire Police said it had made "a full apology" for its failures in 2012.
The pony was found at Braceby, near Grantham, with a hind leg infested with maggots. The RSPCA wants to hear from anyone who saw anything.
UK currently takes children from refugee camps in Syria and its neighbours. There has been pressure to take some who are already in the EU. Government agreed in January to accept some lone child refugees. But rejected calls to accept 3,000 children who had made it to Europe. Now, in a change of heart
Jeremy Paxman, 63, fronted Newsnight with a full beard last August. At the time, he branded the BBC "pogonophobic" - which means having a fear of beards. Radio broadcaster Robin Lustig, a beard of the year winner, agreed with Paxman.
Florence and The Machine's album How Big, How Blue slips to number two. Collabro's Act Two at three, Ed Sheeran's X at four, Sam Smith's Lonely Hour at five. Pete Townshend's Classic Quadropenia debuted at number 32.
Cuba's president says the time has come for social and political reforms. The measures include cutting more than one million state jobs. Mr Castro also hinted that travel and emigration rules could be changed.
Women's Cricket Super League announces six new hosts. South will have three teams, with one based at The Oval with Surrey. North will have two sides, in Lancashire and Yorkshire. Midlands team will be at Loughborough University.
In 2013/14, 99,293 students went to further education colleges, but that fell to 82,818 in 2015/16. There was a 15% drop in the number of enrolments at FE colleges over the same period. Belfast Metropolitan College had a particularly steep decline in its enrolment in just one year.
Around 200 people are feared to have drowned as they tried to cross from Zuwara, west of Tripoli, to Italy. Police in Italy have detained 10 suspected traffickers after 52 people were found dead in the hold of a ship off the coast of Libya on Wednesday. Workers from the Libyan Red Crescent were undertaking the
There has been a war in Syria since 2011 and it's thought 300,000 people have lost their lives. Four million people, including children, have been forced to leave the country and seek safety in nearby countries and Europe. A ceasefire is an agreement by opposing sides to stop fighting in a war. Syrian
Andy Woodward was abused while at Crewe Alexandra from the age of 11 to 15. His abuser, Barry Bennell, was jailed for nine years in 1998 after admitting sexual offences against six boys.
The regeneration project is transforming 240 acres of land along the River Tay. Work at Slessor Gardens, costing £250,000, will include the creation of the Discovery Walk of Fame. Specialist consultant Mott MacDonald won a contract worth £150,000 to replace the existing dock gates to Camperdown Docks.
The former Ireland hooker will replace Chris Gibbes. Gibbes will become head coach of the Wellington Lions in New Zealand. Clarke was part of the Ulster team which won the 1999 Heineken Cup.
Galloway has made 43 appearances for Leeds since joining from NRL side Wests Tigers. The 31-year-old also missed the end of last season, having ruptured the Achilles tendon in his other leg.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love says he is 'thrilled' to have Bubba Watson. Watson lost out to Ryan Moore for the final wildcard spot. Tiger Woods, Jim Furyk, Tom Lehman and Steve Stricker are assistant captains. Flags at Hazeltine have been lowered to half-mast
Hamilton and Rosberg collided while racing for the lead on the last lap of the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday. Hamilton went on to win and now trails Rosberg, who was fourth, by 11 points. The two drivers will resume their contest at this weekend's British Grand Prix.
Remains were found during construction work near Beaucamps-Ligny. They were found alongside five other bodies which are yet to be named. All the soldiers were with 2nd Battalion The York and Lancaster Regiment. The men are due to be given a funeral with full military honours in October.
Euro 2012 co-hosts took the lead when Yarmolenko seized on goalkeeper Samir Handanovic's unconvincing punch. Seleznyov slid in to convert the overlapping Artem Fedetskiy's cross after the break. Ukraine have lost in five previous qualifying play-offs for major tournaments.
Rees says they felt there was "no drama" trailing 14-7 at half-time. But defeat left Ospreys without a top-tier knockout place since 2010. They are currently seventh in the Pro12 table, four points behind Ulster.
The westbound section of the M8 between Newhouse and Baillieston opened a week ahead of schedule. The eastbound section is due to open next weekend. Commuters have faced major disruption for the past nine weeks as the finishing touches were put to the new carriageway.
Find out how the rules have changed through the years.
Serena Williams beat Elena Vesnina 6-2 6-0 in Wimbledon semi-final. American questioned about equal pay after her win. Roger Federer and Andy Murray's quarter-finals lasted over seven hours. Williams will face Angelique Kerber in the final on Saturday.
Charity MindFull launches online counselling service for 11- to 17-year-olds. Founder Emma-Jane Cross says poor mental health is UK's 'last taboo' Report calls for'sea-change' in approaches to young people's mental health.
Nashat Melhem was tracked down to a mosque in his home town of Arara. Police said Melhem, 29, was the gunman who killed two Israelis at a bar. The attacks sparked a huge hunt and security alert across the country.
Mark King, 21, admitted stabbing 37-year-old Steven Downes in Glasgow. Mr Downes was stabbed in the back, face, arm and side. King is already serving four-and-a-half years for another stabbing. He was told he would also be supervised for three years after his
Tiffany Li, 31, posted $4m in cash and pledged $61m in property. The bail had been set at $35m, but California courts require double that. She has pleaded not guilty to charges she conspired to kill Keith Green. Her lawyer said she was "well-liked in the community"
Since 2014, key nursery workers must have at least a grade C in GCSE English and maths. But campaign group Save our Early Years says this requirement is deterring new starters. 12,500 students completed the Level 3 Early Years Educator course between July and September 2015.
Janet Yellen was cautiously upbeat about the US economy. There has been a growing expectation that US interest rates will rise this year. Some economists are saying that the next hike could even come next month.
Analysts at Liberum said the company's performance in the final quarter of 2016 had been "disappointing" Overall, the FTSE 100 closed lower, having traded higher for much of the sessions. Shares in Direct Line fell 2.9% after the insurer reported a fall in full-year profits.
Invisible Girlfriend is a new service that lets you create a fake girlfriend. It charges $15 a month for a 'text only' package, and $25 for the full package. The service also lets women, or gay men, sign up and have a fake boyfriend.
The event's first youth awards, Young Gifted and Black, took place in Cardiff. Kimberly Mpukusa, 18, started playing tennis aged nine on a school trip. She struggled to compete in tournaments due to her financial situation.
The teenager was walking on the Ancrum Road crossing. She was hit by a black Ford Fiesta at about 17:20 on Monday. Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses to contact them.
Joe Root has been promoted from vice-captain. The 26-year-old is one of the most inexperienced captains England have ever had. Root's carefree, jovial approach might not be best suited to leadership.
Greater Manchester Police apologised for racial stereotyping. Fake terrorist shouted 'Allahu Akbar' before setting off fake bombs. Organisers of the meeting at Longsight Saath Saath are demanding inquiry.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens star was a member of Theatre Peckham's company. Newsround sent Jonas who goes to Theatre Peckham now to interview Boyega. He even got John to do his best Chewbacca impression.
Five goals are scored in the first half. Dundee are now in pole position to secure a place in the top six.
SNP's Mhairi Black said it was "laughable" the problem could not be fixed. Minister Guy Opperman said he would look at cases of financial hardship. But he faced shouts of "shame on you" when he said apprenticeships were offered.
Aberystwyth University's Old College is to get a £22m makeover. The Grade I-listed building will become a centre for heritage, learning and enterprise. It was bought in 1867 by the University of Wales for just £10,000.
Flood water was still several feet high outside the Drumahoe venue on Wednesday morning. Friday's Championship game against Ballyclare switches to Dixon Park. The club's dressing rooms are also understood to have been damaged.
Sports PR firm founder Paul Mace, a lifelong Magpies fan, and property consultancy director Jon Enever have also joined the club. Chief executive Jason Turner becomes football operations director, with Corrine Rigby as finance director and Amanda Fletcher as commercial director. Chairman Alan Hardy said: "I am delighted to have put
450,000 asylum seekers have entered Germany already this year. Up to a million are expected in 2015 - by far the most in the EU. Berlin has relaxed EU rules so it no longer sends back Syrians to other EU countries. But it introduced temporary border controls on Sunday after admitting capacity had been stretched.
Scientists are studying how the Indian monsoon behaved in the past. Research will lead to a better understanding of how the monsoon over India might change.
About 5,000 medical staff in more than 2,000 public hospitals stopped working. Officials say the action is premature and negotiations should continue. But the Kenya Medical Practitioners' Union said it had run out of patience.
The Osprey is a tilt-rotor aircraft similar to a conventional plane. There were 26 people on board including the crew. The circumstances of the incident off the east coast of Australia are still under investigation.
Charity received a call saying there was an injured or possibly dead snake. Charity said caller had been "too scared" to get any closer. SSPCA said it was "always better to be safe than sorry"
UK defence secretary Michael Fallon makes 'huge moment' for Clyde shipyards. Says steel will be cut next summer, securing hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035. Also announces £100m contract for new offshore patrol vessels. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon welcomes the announcement but points out government has not delivered on all promises
Commandos who landed on the Sardar Daud hospital roof killed all four attackers. The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has claimed the attack. President Ashraf Ghani said the attack "trampled all human values"
Hundreds of residents and tourists turned out to see the march. Queen Victoria presented the Royal Welch Fusiliers with its first one in 1844.
The nurses had been stranded while working at a hospital in Tikrit. They received a tumultuous welcome, led by their families. About 10,000 Indians are reported to be working in Iraq.
Saints captain Anderson claims he was punched by Kiernan during last week's 1-1 draw between the sides. Scottish FA disciplinary hearing regarding the incident at McDiarmid Park will take place on 12 January. Rangers manager Mark Warburton, however, defended Kiernan.
Luton Town have been in the Conference Premier since 2009. The Hatters' Football League status ended five seasons ago. Luton chairman Chris Sweet says there are no boundaries to what the club can achieve. Late Kick Off East will assess the impact of dropping out of the Football League.
Dylan Mackin (Brechin City) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Scott Pitman (Livingston) right footed shot is saved in the bottom left corner. Kalvin Orsi scored for Brechin City after clever play by Aron Lynas.
Ministers have been talking to Labour MPs to try to persuade them to back intervention. Mr Corbyn is against military action, but a number of his MPs support it. He said the priority should be a political settlement in the war-torn country.
The skeleton of "Thankerton Man" was found in a stone cist in 1970. It was radiocarbon-dated to between 2460BC and 2140BC. The reconstruction was produced by Dundee University's Centre for Anatomy and Human Identification.
The cases were in California, Minnesota, New York and Ohio. Chipotle shares are now down by more than a fifth this year. E. coli is a bacterium present in the gut of humans and animals.
Mother, 32, says people on Facebook threatened to get her daughter. Around 40 people were said to have watched the live stream. Chicago police found the girl one day after she went missing. She is now out of hospital, but has not yet returned home.
Tsai Ing-wen has just won Taiwan's presidency and is steely in her belief that the island's future should be determined by its people. This is a direct challenge to China, which still sees the island as a province to be reunified by force if needed. She has skilfully avoided
Andy Murray plays Italian Andreas Seppi in the third match on Centre Court. James Ward takes on Canada's Vasek Pospisil in the second match. Ward is through to the last 32 of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The company behind the scheme warned in October that building work was being delayed. Tidal Lagoon Power said it was still negotiating with ministers over an agreed price. Swansea council said it would exert all the pressure it could to make sure the project stays on track.
The number of people accepting welfare advice rose from 5,527 to 5,790. The charity rehomed more than 1,750 animals across Wales in 2015. It also said the numbers of warning notices issued to owners increased.
The 2015 Formula One season begins with the Australian Grand Prix on Sunday. Mercedes are the reigning constructors' champions after winning 16 of 19 races last season. Former Marussia engineer James Lyons tells CNN what to expect this year.
The M6 motorway was closed between junctions T3 and T4 near Lichfield. The coach was stopped on the hard shoulder "of its own accord" Police received a report of'suspicious activity' on a coach on the M6. 48 passengers were led off the coach and forced to sit apart
Wandsworth, Richmond and Hillingdon councils spent £300,000 on legal action. Details were obtained using Freedom of Information laws. The four councils failed in an attempt to challenge the decision to build the runway.
Sea levels were recorded in the port of Wismar at 1.83m (6ft) above normal overnight. Severe winter conditions also hit Sweden and Finland.
Coffins carried through the French capital before being interred. The coffins contained only soil from the fighters' graves. French President Francois Hollande said the group "embodied the spirit of the Resistance"
Pensioner found by her son when he arrived to visit her in Hamilton. She had been unable to get up from the floor or call for help. Man forced his way into her home and attacked her on Saturday night.
Hoffman, 40, sunk nine birdies in a seven-under-par 65 to lead ahead of compatriot William McGirt. Lee Westwood is third on two under, one ahead of fellow Englishmen Justin Rose, Andy Sullivan and Matt Fitzpatrick. Defending champion Danny Willett started his defence with a double bogey
Motion will bring Northern Ireland in line with England and Wales. Plans would see men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences receive posthumous pardons.
Kirsty Parkes was a history and English teacher at a school in West Lothian. It follows a hearing held by the General Teaching Council for Scotland. The incidents happened during the 2012/13 school session.
Coventry Festival of Motoring was due to take place in August. Council has withdrawn??20,000 of funding for the event. Organisers Culture Coventry said withdrawal was not the only reason for cancellation.
Greater Manchester Police said it was investigating reports from 35 people. Devon and Cornwall Police and Warwickshire Police confirm they are investigating claims. NSPCC says more than 860 people have called its dedicated football hotline.
Phil Taylor beat Adrian Lewis 7-5 at London's O2 Arena. Dave Chisnall could only draw against James Wade. Michael van Gerwen beat Gary Anderson 7-4. Peter Wright beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-1.
893 Changing Places toilets in the UK but what exactly are they? They are different from standard disabled toilets. They have extra features and more space to help meet the needs of people.
Ahmad Mohammed al-Mousa was killed by a group of masked men in Idlib. At least two other members have been killed by IS militants since 2014. RBSS was honoured last month by the Committee to Protect Journalists.
Report says youngsters are let down by an over-emphasis on higher education. Lords research finds that for those who do not follow an academic route, the system is "complex and incoherent" The Department for Education said it was investing in apprenticeships in England.
10 biggest search engines in China have signed up to the anti-phishing scheme. The move comes as the personal details of more than 45 million Chinese people were stolen in separate attacks.
The technology is being trialled at New York Red Bulls' stadium. A video assistant referee takes 30 seconds to review a challenge. Video replays will be tested in six other countries in the next two years.
African champions Zambia drawn in Group C with Iran and Costa Rica. They will also play twice former champions Portugal in their opening match. Senegal, Guinea and South Africa will also represent Africa at the tournament.
This section gives you some tips about what to do if you are feeling sad. Remember that worrying stories are often in the news because they are rare. It is incredibly unlikely that what you're reading about or watching might happen.
Adrian Ismay, 52, was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in Belfast on 4 March. "I'm deeply saddened that this prison officer has lost his life. These are futile acts that will achieve absolutely nothing"
Venezuela and Colombia have agreed to close their border every night for a month. Cargo vehicles, including vans and lorries, will be banned from crossing. Venezuela estimates 100,000 barrels of petrol are smuggled through its western border every day.
TV is the leading medium in Poland. Three major broadcasters dominate the market. There are more than 300 newspapers.
Novak Djokovic beat Phillipe Kohlschreiber 7-5 7-5. Rafael Nadal beat Fernando Verdasco 6-0 7-6 (11-9). Serena Williams defeated Kateryna Bondarenko 6-2 6-2.
Trago Mills, which runs three stores in Cornwall and Devon, was granted planning permission in 1999. Work was stalled by issues including access and land reclamation. The development is due to be completed by spring 2018 and will include a new store, cafe and garden centre.
James Botham came on from the bench in Wales' 33-0 win against Russia. The 18-year-old is the grandson of former England cricketer Sir Ian Botham. Liam Botham turned down an offer to play for Wales during his career.
Australian Michael Matthews won the 197km ninth stage from Escaldes-Engordany to Revel. Team Sky's Chris Froome finished nine minutes and 39 seconds behind. Peter Sagan took the green jersey from Mark Cavendish.
Metropolitan Police is asking people with information or concerns to contact the NSPCC on its 24-hour helpline on 800808 5000. If you have an allegation about inappropriate behaviour on BBC premises, you can inform the BBC Investigations Unit in confidence by calling 020 8752 4168.
Both sides have committed to pulling out materiel carrying weapons with less than 100mm calibre. The withdrawal process is yet to be verified by international monitors. Moscow denies sending troops and heavy weapons to the pro-Russian separatists. However, the Kremlin admits that Russian "volunteers" are fighting alongside the
Royal Mail said the rise of delivery firm Whistl could wipe £200m off sales. It also said competition was endangering its government-mandated Universal Service. Royal Mail boss Moya Greene told the BBC that increased competition was threatening the company's ability to deliver letters to all parts of the UK.
Harry Potter star is starring in Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead. Tom Stoppard's play, first performed in 1966, centres around Hamlet. The 27-year-old said he didn't want to tackle a Shakespearean role for the sake of it.
The women were serving as medics at a field hospital in western Aleppo. A mortar struck the hospital on Monday, seriously wounding a paediatrician. Another Russian paediatrician also received the medal.
Ireland ended New Zealand's record 18-match winning sequence in Chicago. All Blacks were hampered by a string of second-row injury problems. Brodie Retallick back in his unique auxiliary playmaker role in Dublin.
Gen Palomino is accused of creating a male prostitution ring. He is also accused of illicit enrichment and illegal wiretaps. Gen Palomino has strongly denied any wrongdoing.
Messi had not scored in Barca's first two league games. He started on the bench after missing training on Friday to be with his new baby boy Mateo. It was Messi's 287th La Liga goal for Barcelona, extending his lead as the competition's all-time top scorer.
Nastase called both Konta and Keothavong "a bitch" multiple times. He was sent off the court by referee Andreas Egli. Play was suspended for 25 minutes. Nastase had already received two official warnings. The International Tennis Federation is investigating Nastase's conduct
Gareth Bale makes second consecutive appearance on the list. Cristiano Ronaldo and Gianluigi Buffon are the only ever-presents. In total, 16 Premier League players are included. Barcelona have the most players represented with 12.
The 30-year-old has played 12 times for Orient since joining in October. Orient, who are 21st in League Two, face Mansfield on Saturday.
Two blasts went off on Thika road, a busy highway north-east of the city. Police said the explosions were caused by improvised devices. Sunday's attack was the second in as many days.
Adam Johnson, 28, is accused of two counts of sexual activity with a child. The girl's account was given to police and the video recording of the interview was shown at the player's trial at Bradford Crown Court. Mr Johnson, who has 12 England caps, denies the charges.
Justin Wilson died after being hit by debris from another car at Pocono. The 37-year-old ex-Formula 1 driver was airlifted to hospital. IndyCar officials said his death was a'monumentally sad day'
Alison Hind, 28, died in the crash on the A44 in Powys on Tuesday. Her uncle Martin Pugh, 47, and his partner's parents Margaret, 65, and John Kehoe, 72, were also killed. Local councillor Gareth Morgan described the incident as a "great tragedy"
Flyweight Barnes, 29, had been on top against the Bulgarian who had lost 24 of 33 previous bouts. Light-flyweight Jamie Conlan beat Hungarian David Koos on points. Belfast's Steven Ward, 26, marked his professional debut with a points win over 31-year-old Bulgarian Merdj Yusee
PM says she hopes for early progress on a US-UK trade agreement. She said she believed Mr Trump "recognises the importance and significance of Nato" Mrs May said she was "confident the USA will recognise the importance of the co-operation we have in Europe"
GDP can be measured in three ways: In theory all three approaches should produce the same number. In the UK the Office for National Statistics publishes one single measure of GDP.Calculating a GDP estimate for all three measures is a huge undertaking every three months.
John Swinney said the tool would help "all of our children to succeed" Approaches include parent questionnaires, a family breakfast club and a walk-to-school programme.
The marbles were taken from Greece's Parthenon by Lord Elgin 200 years ago. Amal Clooney urged Greece to take Britain to the International Criminal Court. But the country's culture minister said the country would pursue a diplomatic approach.
IFS said benefits and tax credits changes had been expected to save £19bn. But spending had in fact reduced by £2.5bn in real terms, it said. Labour said the government had spent £25bn more on social security.
Kamo Hovhannisyan own goal set Albania on their way. Ledian Memushaj adding a second from a free-kick and Armando Sadiku tapping home a third. Albania leapfrog Denmark into second place in Group I. Portugal - who had already qualified - won 2-1 against Serbia. Nem
Scotland's local government and communities committee to review building safety standards. Move comes as the Scottish government continues its investigation of tower blocks in Scotland. At least 79 people are believed to have died in the Grenfell Tower blaze.
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Watford early in the first half. Daryl Janmaat pulled one back for Newcastle with 20 minutes remaining. Watford held on to move off the bottom of the Premier League.
Phase one of the project will take 10 weeks to complete. Demolition of the rear function room of the Ship and Anchor pub. An old library building will also be knocked down. Pembrokeshire council also wants to create a one-way system.
It is not clear if he was murdered or committed suicide. At least eight Yanukovych allies have died suddenly in the last three months. Most of the deaths are said to have been suicides.
Patrick Buisson is credited with inspiring his former boss's rightward shift. He has released a book of recollections concerning the seven years he served as his top aide. To no-one's surprise, given the way the pair parted company after Mr Sarkozy lost the presidency in 2012, it drips with the
Former Torquay striker Shaun Harrad has been training with Wrexham. The 31-year-old is a free agent after finishing the 2015-16 season at Torquay. Full-back Jordan Evans has also been on trial with the Dragons.
English Heritage has recreated the carpet and wallpaper in room when he died. A pair of his original Wellington boots and his death mask are also on show. Wellington's body lay in state at Walmer for two months while preparations for his funeral were taking place.
Previous studies have linked contact with nature and improved wellbeing. This study is believed to be the first controlled experiment of its kind. As well as improving people's mood, the experiment showed "significant" reductions in participants' heart rates and blood pressure.
The flying robots are being developed by a team that includes experts from the University of Bristol. Easyjet is also developing virtual reality video technology. The drones are fitted with high definition video cameras, but can also use lasers to scan the outside of the aircraft.
The two-and-a-half minute clip gives a closer look at the film. It features car chases, exploding planes and shady crime organisations. Spectre will be released in UK cinemas on 26 October.
Production to be moved to company's other UK sites by December. 355 workers had been given notice earlier and will be offered support. Some of the famous crisps made at the factory include Walkers, Lays, Sensations, Scampi Fries, Bacon Fries, Cheese Moments and Cheetos Twisted
Granada studios was once used by bands to record tracks they could mime on television. The theme tune for Brideshead Revisited series was recorded there.
At least 90 NGOs have complained about visits by officials since last week. Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Transparency International have been targeted. Law requires all NGOs receiving overseas funding to register as "foreign agents"
Study found 10-fold increased risk in children seen in sleep centres who had received the jab. Manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been ordered to investigate the link. Families who believe they were affected are now considering a group legal action.
California Institute of Technology is still the most dominant international force. Outside Oxford, Cambridge and London colleges, many major universities are slipping down international rankings. London has more universities in this league table than all of Japan.
Two new Welsh dragons have been unveiled as part of a Cadw campaign. Dewi and Dwynwen are named after two of Wales' most renowned saints. Both were sculpted and cast out of fibreglass before being unveiled.
Lorna Waddell, 41, of Kelso, admitted obtaining £4,000 by fraud. She was given unpaid work as an alternative to custody. Jedburgh Sheriff Court was told she had breached her payback order. Sentence was deferred until 11 July for reports.
PM Malcolm Turnbull is calling for nationwide legislation. Vaccinating children is not a legal requirement in Australia. But failing to do so makes parents ineligible for childcare rebates.
Oscar Pérez has been accused of plotting a coup in Venezuela. President Nicols Maduro said he stole a military helicopter and threw grenades. He appeared in an online video vowing to keep up his attacks on the government.
SNP won 56 of the 59 Westminster constituencies at the general election two weeks ago. That resulted in the party being the third largest, behind the Conservatives and Labour.
Joint project reached milestone just two months after receiving samples. All the data is being put on a crowd sourcing website OpenAshDieBack. Expert: "The problem is enormous and the breeding is going to take a long time"
Donald Trump says he is 'gonna take back the White House' Hillary Clinton has disappeared from the public eye to prepare. Polling suggests voters are finding the increasingly fractious campaign a turnoff.
Presidio Terrace in San Francisco is now owned by two investors. They paid $90,000 (£69,039, 76,203) for it over a $14-a-year tax debt. Wealthy residents say they knew nothing about the sale until it was done. The result is that residents no longer own
Sutton United end four-game winless run with 3-0 win over Gateshead. Roarie Deacon puts hosts ahead from the penalty spot. Maxime Biamou doubles their advantage after 60 minutes. Biamou adds a third with seven minutes left to round off victory.
The men reportedly ran into bad weather as they were coming down the mountain. Last week, the remains of two Japanese climbers who disappeared 45 years ago were found on the Matterhorn.
Gonzalo Higuain sent off in Napoli's 3-1 defeat at Friuli. Serie A's top scorer will miss games against Hellas Verona, Inter Milan, Bologna and AS Roma.
passive smoking leads to 300,000 doctor visits and 9,500 hospital admissions annually. Do you worry about the effects on your health? Or do you think it's not a problem?
Residents will be asked for their views on a range of healthcare issues. West London Mental Health NHS Trust said it was a 'groundbreaking initiative'
The committee on the Licensing Act 2003 called the act 'fundamentally flawed' The report also called for an overhaul of local authority licensing panels. Derbyshire Police said the system had become 'too political'
Surf Snowdonia project at Dolgarrog in Conwy Valley due to open next summer. The inland surfing lagoon will use technology called Wavegarden to drive waves up to 6ft high. Tourism Minister Edwina Hart called it an "iconic attraction for Wales"
Corey Kluber struck out eight of the first nine outs registered. Roberto Perez hit two home runs for the Indians. Game Two of the best-of-seven series begins at 00:08 BST on Wednesday.
Daniel Ricciardo was poised to take the lead from Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes. But the Australian's tyres were not ready to delay him. The problem followed a mistake costing him a win in Spain two weeks ago. Red Bull motorsport chief Helmut Marko said it was a 'human mistake'
Two Leicester fans arrested during their team's 2-0 home win over the Seagulls. Brighton Supporters' Club's vice chair said such chanting was "disgusting" Leicester Pride chairman said abuse was "offensive" and "unacceptable"
Four Belfast bonfires are subject of court injunctions to prevent them getting bigger. Police are investigating complaints about "distasteful" materials placed on bonfires. Bonfires are lit in many loyalist areas of Northern Ireland on the Eleventh Night of July.
The US electoral map places a premium on winning key high-population "swing" states. A survey of three key swing states revealed a virtual dead heat between the two likely standard-bearers. Add them to the states Republican Mitt Romney carried in 2012, and it delivers 273 electoral votes - three more than the
When she was two-and-a-half years old, Helena Purve-Jorendal was adopted. Forty-two years later, she tracked down her biological mother in India. They had an emotional reunion and she no longer wants to live away from her mother.
Daniel Ricciardo was 0.234 seconds quicker than Kimi Raikkonen. Title rivals Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel were third and sixth. Hamilton trails Vettel by one point at the mid-point of the season.
In 1981 he was convicted of 13 murders and given 20 life sentences. Moving Sutcliffe to a prison could save up to £250,000 a year. He has remained since being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.
32 members of full council opposed the plans, with eight in favour. The vote was taken as an indication of the full council's views. That rests with the cabinet which meets on 14 March.
Travis Barker and Mark Hoppus said guitarist Tom DeLonge left band. However, he posted on Instagram that he had not quit. Blink 182 have released six studio albums.
A woman stepped through a hole in a car tyre and became wedged inside. Firefighters spent 10 minutes sawing the rubber and the woman was not injured.
Manchester United beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Wednesday. Defender Marcos Rojo was booked for two-footed lunge on Wilfried Zaha. Argentine also avoided red card for similar challenge on Everton's Idrissa Gueye.
President Park Geun-hye appeared close to tears in a televised address. She apologised for allowing a long-standing friend inappropriate access to government policy-making. Choi Soon-sil is suspected of using their friendship to solicit donations to a non-profit fund she controlled. Ms Choi is in detention
The child was airlifted to Swansea's Morriston Hospital on Tuesday. He was in a stable condition after suffering serious leg injuries. The man will appear at Merthyr Tydfil Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
The last executions in the UK took place in 1964. The death penalty was formally abolished in Britain in 1965 and in Northern Ireland in 1973. The last two polls on the subject were not about a specific case.
Police were called to the area at 20:30 BST on Thursday. The child was pronounced dead at the scene. It was the first child to die on a farm in Northern Ireland for three years.
Prosecutors are also appealing against Pistorius' murder acquittal. The double-amputee Olympic sprinter was acquitted of this charge. He was sentenced to five years in prison for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp. Prosecutors say the sentence failed to consider the 'horrendous manner'
Aerodrome's owners had claimed permission was granted in 1951. This was rejected by Waverley Borough Council and the planning inspector. Lord Justice Sullivan said the permission for "flight testing" did not amount to consent for unrestricted flying.
Manny Agboola, 18, will be on the bench after being recalled from a loan spell. Oxford United manager Michael Appleton: "If we beat Newcastle, it would probably be as big a win for me as I've ever had as a manager"
Walmart will give JD.com ownership of Yihaodian's marketplace, including the brand, website and app. In exchange Walmart will take a near 5% stake in the second largest e-commerce firm after Alibaba. Walmart took full control ofYihaodian last year, but has struggled to grow its market
David Jones tells MPs not having a referendum would be 'disrespectful' Welsh Secretary says 'devolution has moved forward' since the election. MPs debating UK government's Wales Bill transferring powers to Cardiff Bay.
UKIP say there is 'not a cigarette paper' between Labour, Tories and Lib Dems on defence. Veterans' minister would be part of Cabinet Office rather than MoD. They would ensure veterans get specialist support, UKIP leader Nigel Farage said.
Jodie Whittaker was announced as Doctor Who's 13th Time Lord. She will make her debut on the show when the Doctor regenerates in the Christmas special. The film-maker George A Romero, who created the Living Dead movie franchise, also died at the age of 77.
"There is a hardening view in the cabinet that we've got to deal with green subsidies," says a cabinet source. Subsidies to the renewable energy industry, paid for by consumers, are expected to add up to £4.3bn this year.
The Archbishop of Wales and Duke of Gloucester are among 200 invited guests. Service is being held at St John the Baptist in Cardiff city centre. The 130th unit was recruited from coalfields across south Wales.
Ellis and Langridge beat the world number five pair 21-18 19-21 21-10. The pair performed above their world ranking of 22nd to reach Tuesday's semi-final. Team GB have now won 52 medals in Rio.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he would bring in a more constructive relationship with the unions. But with this new relationship there are now new tensions. Transport bosses seem bemused the unions are upset over the relocation of eight drivers from Essex depots to Earl's Court.
Nine men were arrested over a pitch invasion and flares being thrown. Coventry fans have held a number of protests against the club's owners this season. The Sky Blues are without a League One victory since 1 November.
Chinese statement said nuclear issue was'shared responsibility of all parties' US Secretary of State said two sides must decide'very quickly' how to proceed. North Korea has recently threatened nuclear attacks, and is feared to be preparing a missile launch.
Mackintosh building was badly damaged by fire on 23 May 2014. Contractors who are restoring the iconic Grade A-listed art nouveau building hope to have completed their work by the end of February 2019. Aim is to provide additional space to accommodate a 25% increase in student numbers by 2018.
Dr Ben Clark, 40, was one of three air ambulance staff to be honoured. He treated victims of the Alton Towers Smiler crash in June. The Midlands Air Ambulance Service later tweeted the photo.
Ruling came in a challenge to the SDLP environment minister's decision. It was brought by former enterprise minister Arlene Foster of the DUP. Decision on what remedy to grant in the case will be taken at a later date.
The 29-year-old made 260 appearances for the Spireites after joining in July 2009. Talbot started his career at Sheffield Wednesday. Portsmouth finished sixth in the League Two table last season.
Ronnie Moore parted company with Pools after Tuesday's 2-1 home defeat by Stevenage. Hignett held the same post at Hartlepool under Colin Cooper from 2013 to 2014. Former Tranmere and Rotherham boss Moore helped retain Hartlepool's Football League status last term.
His character became synonymous with dodgy dealing and phrases such as "nice little earner" and "er indoors" He also starred for 15 years in the BBC radio series A Life of Bliss.
By lunchtime on Friday, the FTSE 100 was down 19.66 points at 6,634.81. Easyjet and British Airways owner IAG were down 3.5% and 1.8% respectively. Other European share indexes were also down, reflecting market gloom at the French terror attack.
FBU members walked out at 18:00 GMT on Friday and are due back on 4 November. Union officials say that under the government's proposals firefighters will have to work until they are 60 instead of 55. Fire Minister Penny Mordaunt said fire and rescue authorities have "robust" plans in place for the
The government has already promised to bring fast broadband to 95% of homes. But does that mean every home - even those up Welsh mountains or on remote Scottish islands? The cost of putting a 100Mbps fibre connection in every corner of the UK could be prohibitive.
Colombia's attorney general said the office was run by a criminal organisation. He said it intercepted emails from a Farc rebel negotiator and the government. President Juan Manuel Santos was also "probably" targeted. Peace talks began in Cuba in 2012 to try to end five decades of conflict.
Baroness Campbell is the new director of women's football at the FA. During her time at UK Sport, she oversaw a rise in the number of British medals won at the Olympics. Campbell is also chair of the Youth Sport Trust and was awarded a CBE for her services to sport in 2003.
Manchester United have named their 25-man Premier League squad. Former Germany captain Bastian Schweinsteiger has been included. 18-year-old defender Axel Tuanzebe has been named in United's 27-man Europa League squad.
Police said three armed men took a five-figure sum from the vehicle. No-one was injured although two security guards were left badly shaken. The area around the bank has been cordoned off by police.
Trump administration's first weekday began with a flurry of executive orders. Mr Trump also signed an order blocking foreign aid or federal funding for any nongovernmental organisation that provides abortions abroad. Some of the promises he made during his campaign have not been kept.
Funeral of Jim and Anne McQuire, the other Scots couple killed in the Sousse attacks, took place on Friday. The Grahams were visiting the resort to celebrate Mrs Graham's 50th birthday. They were among the 30 Britons who died in the attack on 26 June.
The intimate apparel is expected to fetch several thousand pounds at auction. It is being sold on behalf of Yesterday's World museum in Sussex. The 125-year-old underwear was bought by the museum from a descendant.
Hearts win 6-3 on aggregate to reach second qualifying round of Europa League. Callum Paterson, Igor Rossi, Alim Ozturk and Vladimir Voskoboinikov scored for Hearts. Hearts will now face Birkirkara of Malta next week in the second round.
Dean Saunders left his car in a short stay area at Birmingham Airport thinking Wales would go out early. But they have reached the semi-finals and Saunders said he expected to see his parking charges rise to £1,000. The airport said on Twitter that if Wales win the tournament, it would "wai
Wilson and Hamilton complete a record six consecutive tons. The previous record of five was jointly held by Ronnie O'Sullivan and Stephen Hendry. Wilson said he was "way below his best" as he got to the semi-finals.
Toilet roll, chocolate biscuits, orange juice and antibacterial wipes on the list. Consumer group Which? said making products smaller was a'sneaky way' of increasing prices.
Bones were discovered by a member of the public at Washlands nature reserve. Forensic analysis suggests they had been left in the area before October 2015. A post-mortem examination was inconclusive, police said.
Froome was over three minutes behind the winner on the 160km stage from Bourg-en-Bresse to Culoz. Colombian Pantano (IAM Cycling) outsprinted Poland's Rafal Majka to claim his maiden Grand Tour stage win. Dutchman Bauke Mollema and Briton Adam Yates finished in
It does not include a final decision about where to locate a new station. The government's preferred option is for the main HS2 route to run east of Sheffield. A separate spur will take passengers to Sheffield city centre. Residents living within 60m of the route are entitled to compensation.
Barnsley are now six points off the League One play-off positions. Defeat was Barnsley's first league game since winning the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
The company says it has called a board meeting for 28 July and the investment decision is on the agenda. It was initially due to cost £12bn, but recent estimates put the cost at £18bn.
Whale was discovered by wardens at the Holkham National Nature Reserve. Post-mortem examination is expected to be carried out on the whale. Biologist Dr Ben Garrod said it was "really unusual" for a fin whale to be found on the east coast.
Police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour. He is understood to be among those pictured in a recent police CCTV images appeal. The match, which Celtic won 5-1, took place on 10 September.
Rana Rahimpour was told she could not travel under US visa waiver scheme. Under new rules, dual citizens from several nationalities must apply for a visa at the US embassy. Ms Rahimpour described the new rules as'very unfair'
Estyn's Meilyr Rowlands said schools focused on a performance measure. He said this encouraged schools to focus on the borderline between C and D grades. Another Estyn witness said more able learners' progress had been "stifled"
Connor Smith, 19, attacked Anil Jnagal, 25, on a night out in Birmingham. He was drunk and had cannabis before the attack on Broad Street. Smith admitted wounding and his barrister said he was remorseful.
Psychiatrist says immigration wanted to "keep the lid" on health issues in detention centres. Dr Peter Young says he was refused permission to use data he collected. Now there is fear that health workers could go to prison for such revelations. New laws threaten "entrusted people" with up to
The Ocean at the End of the Lane wins the public vote for Book of the Year. It beat shortlist of Gone Girl, My Life and Malala Yousafzai's I Am Malala. Graphic novelist said he was 'amazed and thrilled' with the win.
Amari won Junior Bake Off in 2015. Here she gives her verdict on who she thinks will win this year.
Monitor said the probe into the Christie NHS Foundation Trust was over concerns about governance. Chairman Lord Bradley announced he was resigning from the trust on Friday.
Researchers discovered it after looking back at some fossils found in the late 2000s in Morocco, North Africa. Two of the fossils were in such good condition that the team were able to make this amazingly detailed reconstruction. Molluscs first appeared on earth around 520 million years ago.
The paper has sold its current premises on Royal Avenue to the developer McAleer and Rushe. INM decided to move due to the closure of the printing operation within the Royal Avenue premises.
L/Cpl Craig Roberts and two others died on an SAS selection exercise in 2013. Last year a coroner ruled neglect contributed to their deaths. Inquest found they died after suffering the effects of hyperthermia. The government said allowing court action would not help training safety.
The vehicle was taken from a farm in Tilney St Lawrence, near King's Lynn. It was abandoned in Oakroyd Crescent in Wisbech, Cambridgeshire. A man in his 20s from Wisbech has been arrested in connection with the incident.
Former party leader dramatically announced his exit on Friday. He has rejected demands for him to stand down and trigger a by-election. Labour has a minority of AMs in the assembly and needs other parties to help govern.
Use of online dating site eHarmony spiked by 35% in the days after the election. Grant Langston, chief executive of eHarmony, said it was reminiscent of those seen after the 9/11 attacks. He also sees Tinder's emergence as an opportunity for his business.
Amnesty's annual report singles out President Donald Trump as an example of an "angrier and more divisive politics" But it criticises other leaders, including those of Turkey, Hungary and the Philippines. The group also says governments are exploiting refugees for political ends.
On 26 and 27 April junior doctors will stop providing emergency cover. It means medics will walk out of A&E units and intensive care departments. But will the reality of the all-out strike be really as bad as the rhetoric?
Wales lock Luke Charteris out of contract with Racing 92 at end of season. Charteris would then join Premiership club Bath in 2015-16. Newport Gwent Dragons had hoped to re-sign Charteris.
University holds largest archive of Thomas' letters, diaries, notebooks, poems, photographs and personal belongings. National Manuscripts Conservation Trust has awarded them almost £3,000. Thomas, known for his poems written as World War One raged across Europe, was killed at the age of 39.
Scotland international Matt Machan scored a century from just 70 deliveries. Machan hit 18 boundaries and four sixes as Sussex reached 345. Sachithra Senanayake (2-79) led Worcestershire's fight back with two wickets in two balls.
Xavi won 14 major honours under Guardiola at Barcelona. The midfielder is currently playing for Al Sadd SC in Qatar. Guardiola won his first 10 games in charge of Manchester City.
In October, 321 patients were delayed for more than four weeks. The issue, known as bed blocking, has left people stuck in hospital. NHS Scotland continues to miss a range of waiting time targets.
Police say Maoist rebels sabotaged the track, causing the derailment. Railway officials in eastern India have cancelled night trains.
The UK stage of the Tour de France comes to the city on 7 July. Cycling enthusiast Rad Wagon is recruiting people to knit 3,000 miniature "Tour jerseys" and wool-covered bicycle wheels. Schools and knitting groups have already offered to start knitting, he said.
Police had appealed for witnesses to an incident in the town's Agnew Crescent on Saturday evening. A 23-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with wasting police time.
Tunisia is a nation in shock - and its tourism lifeline is under serious threat. Thousands of holidaymakers have already left on emergency flights. One in ten Tunisians works in the tourism industry. It took a hit after the attack on the Bardo museum in March.
Joseph Michael Schreiber faces at least 30 years in prison if convicted. He allegedly made anti-Muslim posts on social media. The Islamic Center of Fort Pierce was heavily damaged in the fire.
Association and groups including Mountaineering Council of Scotland have raised concerns in the past about rubbish being left in shelters. MBA has now issued a new message asking people to help keep bothies in a tidy state.
Wakefield end three-match losing run with win over Catalans. Tony Gigot, Dave Taylor and Justin Horo score tries for hosts. Morgan Escare, Fouad Yayha and Mikey Sio crossed for visitors.
The 26-year-old has made 54 competitive appearances for the Cherry and Whites. Atkinson has started a total of 21 Premiership matches.
Former England striker Jimmy Greaves suffers a stroke. The 75-year-old had a minor stroke in 2012. Greaves is fourth on the list of all-time England goalscorers.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Patrick Roberts was fouled by Callum Booth. Tom Rogic made it 2-0 before half-time with a close-range finish. Roberts then curled in a stunning third before the break. Callum McGregor scored with a shot off the underside of the bar.
Peter Weatherson scored a first-half brace to put the visitors firmly in control. Matthew Flynn and Josh Todd both struck from close range around the hour-mark. Berwick Rangers and Arbroath both won at Montrose.
Jones made 41 league appearances for the Clarets last season. The 31-year-old joined the club in 2013 following his departure from Wigan.
Police Scotland were called to investigate when Annan Athletic failed to receive an end of season payment from the league. The League Two side were expecting about £18,000 but the funds were paid into a fraudulent account.
Stuart McCall's side lost in the play-off final to Millwall last season. The 24-year-old scored once in 46 league appearances in 2016-17.
Voters in Wisconsin go to the polls to pick their presidential candidates. The vote could reshape the Republican race, with front-runner Mr Trump facing a strong challenge from Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Building a border wall with Mexico has been a core message of Mr Trump's campaign since day one.
Mohammad Asghar topped the poll, forcing open contest. Second AM William Graham finished outside the top four.
The Staggies won the League Cup and have secured a top-six finish. Mark Warburton is in the running after steering Rangers to the Championship title. Peter Houston, Jim McInally, and Jim McIntyre are also nominated. There is no place on the award shortlist for Celtic's Ronny De
The Supreme Court said it will hear arguments about whether to grant an appeal. An interim injunction will remain in place until the end of the hearing. The Sun on Sunday wants to publish an account of alleged extra-marital activities.
Cyril Ramaphosa said the president's decision to get rid of Mr Gordhan without consultation was "unacceptable" There is no doubt that the knives are out for President Zuma. The question is whether all the protests and the public outcry will yield any results.
Hull have been up for sale since 2014. Owner Assem Allam wanted to change their name to Hull Tigers. Steve Bruce was interviewed for the England job on Monday.
Head of Cecil the lion found in the home of one of the co-accused. Zimbabwe is seeking the extradition of the U.S. dentist who killed the animal. Walter Palmer is accused of illegally killing the lion with a bow in July.
Nicky Ajose converts penalty with right footed shot to bottom right corner. Bradley Dack heads Charlton Athletic in front from Paul Konchesky's cross. Stuart Nelson saves Ricky Holmes' second-half penalty.
Families with one parent earning more than £50,000 will lose some of the benefit. It will be withdrawn entirely if one parent earns above £60,000. The government hopes to save £1.5bn a year to help reduce the deficit.
Tony Hogg was elected as Devon and Cornwall PCC in November 2012. Since 2011, officer numbers in the force have fallen by about 400.
Alan Curtis will no longer be involved with the first team at Swansea. The 62-year-old has been caretaker manager three times. Curtis will now oversee players on loan at other clubs.
Central Youth Football Club chairman said he could not have children walking through their campsite to the changing rooms. He described the situation as "irritating" Exeter City Council, which owns the site, said they have attended for an initial inspection.
The Louvre and Musee d'Orsay reopened following a minute's silence. Eiffel Tower will remain closed until further notice. 129 people died in the attacks by Islamist militants on Friday.
London Welsh's first two matches in the British & Irish Cup have been wiped out. The Exiles are unable to raise a side for their next match against Doncaster. Welsh can appeal against the decision.
Dawid Malan hits 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan at Lord's. Colin Ingram makes 102 in Glamorgan's 251-9. But Kent and Lancashire win means both sides exit the competition.
Hinchingbrooke Hospital was branded "inadequate" by the CQC last month. Its chief executive said the report was "problematic" and full of errors. The CQC accepted some mistakes but said it stood by the report.
Incident happened in December when the 18-year-old man suffered what was described as a broken jaw. Police want to trace a woman and a man.
Figures obtained from all Welsh police forces using a Freedom of Information request. North Wales Police said attacks rose from 158 to 246 in the area. In south Wales, it went up from 298 to 332 and in Dyfed-Powys' it increased from 45 to 53.
Heather Rabbatts is leaving the Football Association after five years. She became the FA's first female non-executive director and board member in 2012. In July, the FA board will reduce from 12 to 10 members. From the start of the 2018-19 season three members of the board will be women
Buttler reached three figures in 46 balls, beating the 61-ball hundred he made against Sri Lanka in May 2014. The wicketkeeper hit 10 fours and eight sixes in his 116 not out from 52 balls as England posted 355-5. Pakistan briefly threatened a thrilling chase, but were bowled out for
Ross Simons, 34, and his wife Clare, 30, died at the scene of the incident. Police arrested a 38-year-old man on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. The Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating. In a statement, the families of the couple said they were "completely devastated"
Mike Welch started selling tyres aged 16 before joining Kwik-Fit. Aged 21, he set up Blackcircles, basing it in Peebles, where it employs 50 people. Welch, now aged 36, built it up to annual sales in 2013 of £28m.
RSPB and WWT said they could not support the report in its current form. Both bodies said there was much to support in the document. But they added "we must convey how disappointed we are by the report" The Welsh Government said discussions were ongoing on the final report.
England fast bowler Chris Tremlett retires from international cricket. The 33-year-old made a total of 12 Test appearances for England. Tremlett played a key role in England's Ashes victory in Australia in 2011.
Pressing virtual buttons on the display felt like pressing real, physical buttons, BBC's Dave Lee says. The technology could help drivers keep their eyes on the road.
The fishermen escaped into their life raft during the incident early on Monday. A rescue helicopter was sent from Prestwick but the group were reached first by the Oban lifeboat. No one was injured.
Eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) won 37.58% of the vote. It is the first time a single party has won enough votes to govern alone. Beata Szydlo, a relative unknown, is the party's choice for PM.
He told a rally in Ohio that he had heard "more and more" that the contest would be unfair. He offered no immediate evidence. At another event he called Democratic rival Hillary Clinton "the devil"
Vincent Barker, known as Vinnie, died in July 2012, five months after he had a routine eye test at Boots in Ipswich. The prosecution told Ipswich Crown Court the conduct of eye specialist Honey Rose, 35, was so far below the expected standard it was "criminal" Ms Rose denies a charge of gross negligence manslaughter
Burton Albion beat Birmingham City 2-0 in the Championship. Lloyd Dyer and Jamie Ward scored for the Brewers. Michael Morrison missed a late chance for the visitors. Nigel Clough's side are now six places to 13th in the table.
Garbutt was sent off in the 71st minute of his side's 38-4 loss. The Australian was banned for two games by the Rugby Football League.
Steve Warren's family met the US Coastguard in Boston earlier in the week. The yacht's upturned hull was found by the US Coast Guard on 23 May. Another memorial is set to be held on Friday for Paul Goslin.
Hearthstone Investments hopes to build 1,000 new homes across the country. Falkirk Local Government Pension Scheme contribution could pay for 300 new homes. Social Justice secretary Alex Neil said the fund was "a trailblazer"
Sean Dickson scores 207 not out for Kent. Shiv Thakor takes maiden five-wicket haul for Derbyshire.
Police received a report of an attack on a woman near Cardiff Civic Centre. Officers arrested a man, 23, from Cardiff, on suspicion of sexual assault.
Mathew Nyaungwa grew up in diamond-rich eastern Sierra Leone. He took to full-scale mining to help pay for his university studies. When he was younger, he sold a two-carat diamond for 100,000 leone.
The line will be extended from Kennington to Battersea. Two new stations will open - Nine Elms to the east and one at Battersea Power Station. The full cost is expected to be up to £1bn.
Responsibility for Wales and Border network to be devolved in 2017. Services from Aberystwyth to Birmingham and Milford Haven to Manchester could be affected. Welsh transport secretary Edwina Hart says Whitehall officials are 'ignorant'
The pair were working on a new 'augmented reality' programme called Project Sidekick. It's designed to give mission control a better view of what's happening on the station.
This is the first assault by jihadists in the West African state. It suggests al-Qaeda-linked militants are increasingly focusing on France's former colonies. The former colonies have become increasingly vulnerable following a French-led military operation in northern Mali in 2013.
Blue Ford Focus and red HGV collided near Dreghorn on Wednesday. Car driver died at the scene and lorry driver was uninjured. Police have appealed for witnesses to the crash.
Moslemuddin Sarkar, 52, arrived back in Dhaka a day after being freed from a Pakistani jail. His family lost contact after he left for India in search of work in 1989. Years later, he ended up in Pakistan, where he was arrested. He says he was beaten and tortured in his
Security expert Brian Krebs broke the news that a vault of highly personal data from mSpy customers had been dumped on the so-called dark web. He had been contacted by an anonymous source who had sent him a link to the data on a Tor-based site. BBC News has now been sent links
Dick Costolo, Twitter's chief executive, sent a memo to staff about trolls. Charles Sherwin got a string of abuse after appearing on ITV's Take Me Out in 2012. The farmer's told Newsbeat the site needs to do more to punish them.
MP Damian Collins calls on the Serious Fraud Office to investigate corruption claims. Claims that Chuck Blazer recorded conversations with football officials at the London 2012 Olympics. The SFO can investigate "cases which undermine UK commercial/financial PLC in general and the City of London"
Zak Brown has been contacted by McLaren as the company seeks a replacement. Dennis has been told by the two parties that own 75% of McLaren Group that his contract will not be renewed for 2017. Brown is of particular interest to McLaren because of his success in finding new sponsors for a number of teams on the grid
El Mundo says it has original ledger entries handwritten by Luis Barcenas. It said it had delivered the documents to the High Court. Mr Rajoy and other PP members have denied that they received illegal payments.
One person has died after being hit by a freight train at the Channel Tunnel. On Thursday a migrant, believed to be Syrian, died in similar circumstances. Their deaths bring to 16 the number of people killed in or near the tunnel since June.
The 27-year-old dominated from the start, flooring his opponent in the 10th round. Yafai previously held the Commonwealth and British super-flyweight belts. Bury's Scott Quigg won his first fight since losing to Carl Frampton in February. Liverpool's Callum Smith stayed on
Lepe Country Park has views over the Solent towards the Isle of Wight. Hampshire County Council said opening hours would now take account of sunrise and sunset. But extra costs would have to be met by additional charges.
Fermanagh MLA Phil Flanagan tweeted about Tom Elliott in May 2014. Mr Elliott served in the UDR for 10 years, between 1982 and 1992. He is now the MP for Fermanagh and South Tyrone. The tweet was deleted by Mr Flanagan within an hour of being posted.
Government of Pakistan categorically denies knowledge of the raid before it took place. No base within Pakistan was used by US forces, ministry of foreign affairs says. Ministry defends the ISI, saying it had been sharing information with CIA.
Austin Haughwout claims he was expelled from university over the footage. Central Connecticut state university says he threatened to shoot people there. But the 19-year-old says he was only joking and was expelled. Last month, he and his father were ordered to give information to the authorities.
The roundabout at Elephant and Castle was replaced with two-way traffic on Sunday. Transport for London (TfL) said congestion was due to "traffic getting used to the new layout" The £25m transformation at the junction is a "key milestone", TfL said.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan add 214 for third wicket as Middlesex chase down 239 with ease. Kent's under par 238-7 owed much to Sean Dickson (99) and Darren Stevens (61)
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index spent most of the day in negative territory. After surging almost 8% on Wednesday, the Tokyo index closed down 2.5% on Thursday.
For the first time in 13 years moderates and reformists now have majority in parliament. Hardliners had a majority in outgoing parliament and campaigned against government's policies. Many observers argue nuclear deal brought an end to years of harsh international sanctions.
Bruno Alves has signed for Rangers on a free transfer from Cagliari. The 35-year-old is Caixinha's first signing as Rangers boss. Former Ibrox star James McCarthy says he will be a shrewd capture for the club.
Mae'r Goron eleni yn cael ei noddi gan Ferched y Wawr i nodi penblwydd y mudiad yn 50. Cafodd ei llunio gan y gof arian, John Price, a aeth ati i
The accident happened at an event in Blaxhall, north-east of Ipswich. The man was pronounced dead at the scene, police said.
Chemists say online drug retailers are putting customers at risk. India's health ministry says it is drawing up plans to regulate online drug sales. Customers will be able to buy emergency drugs using special telephone numbers.
Ms Palin is the only Republican in recent history to demonstrate the kind of star power that has elevated Mr Trump to the top in the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. Both Mr Trump and Ms Palin also have complementary political outlooks and appeal to the same segment of the Republican primary electorate. But how valuable
Anthony Tavernor has been restoring Plas Cadnant Hidden Gardens for 20 years. But after days of heavy rain, a "tidal wave" of flood water swept through garden. The former farmer said he was 'devastated' and vowed to carry on work.
Nick Griffin was the leader of the BNP for 15 controversial years. In 2009 he and his then colleague Andrew Brons were elected to the European Parliament on an anti-immigration platform. He later blamed that party for contributing to the BNP's electoral decline.
A Northern Ireland charity has developed a programme to help P6 and P7 pupils cope with change. The Healthy Me initiative was launched at Carrick Primary School in Lurgan, County Armagh, on Friday morning. It consists of "interactive workshops" in which pupils are made aware of the importance of emotional wellbeing
Doris has been recovered, said Wrexham police inspector Paul Wycherley. Two suspects have been arrested following a chase on foot.
Joe Allen joined Liverpool from Swansea City for £15m in 2012. The Welshman has one year left on his current deal. Liverpool rejected an enquiry from Swansea in January.
Ian Coulter, formerly of Tughans, has been questioned under caution. He was interviewed on Wednesday and released without charge. Mr Coulter left the firm after a dispute over a success fee linked to the deal.
Suliman signed a professional deal with Villa in January 2015. He has represented England since under-16 level. Suliman can play at right-back, centre-half and in central midfield.
Backbench MPs can promote their pet projects in the House of Commons. They can introduce Private Members' Bills in three ways. The most common is a "Ballot Bill", where MPs take part in a random ballot. Critics say the system is "absurd" and "damaging to the
U.S. to release $450m (£270m) in light of IAEA report on Iran's nuclear programme. Six-month deal saw Iran agree to scale back its nuclear programme in return for sanctions relief. World powers are concerned Iran is seeking the capability to build nuclear weapons.
London 2012 Olympian Andrew Lawrence scored 14 points while NBA player Ben Gordon added 13. GB now begin their Eurobasket qualifying campaign with a game in Hungary in midweek.
New £10 note features Scottish mathematician and astronomer Mary Somerville. For the first time, the note includes braille to help the visually impaired. Bank also announced that the face of its polymer £20 note will feature Catherine Cranston.
Obama tells memorial service the US must 'try to find some meaning amidst our sorrow' He was speaking at Morton H Meyerson Symphony Center in Dallas. The service featured five portraits of the officers and five empty chairs.
The scrub python was on a flight between Cairns and Port Moresby. Passengers first became aware of the reptile 20 minutes after take-off. The wind speed was 250mph (400km/h) and the temperature -12C.
Axel Springer is one of Europe's largest digital publishing houses. It owns multimedia titles such as BILD, WELT, and FAKT. The company said Business Insider was "vital" in its global reach.
Warrington Borough Council backs application for the money. Families who have children in three local schools will benefit from free travel. Councillor Kate Hannon says people in those areas are "sometimes the forgotten few"
The Kepler Telescope has made some amazing discoveries since it was launched in 2009. Of the 216 planets, 10 of them could potentially be home to some sort of life. This means they have 'rocky' characteristics, and they are located in the 'Goldilocks Zone' of their solar system.
Two individuals attempted to ship the puppies from Dublin Port to Holyhead Port in North Wales. The dogs were held in "hugely inappropriate" conditions, cramped into small containers with "little or no space, no food or water" They have now been returned to Dublin and under DSPCA care.
Labour backs three-month ban on EU citizens getting out-of-work benefits. But Mr Farage says migrants should not be eligible for tax credits. Survey suggests 77% of Britons want to see a cut in immigration.
Durham University said the concrete structure needed repairs costing £14.7m. A petition calling for it to be refurbished and maintained has attracted hundreds of signatures.
The Rollright Stones is made up of three Neolithic and Bronze Age megalithic monuments. It has featured in TV's Stargazing Live and The Sky at Night.
Thomas Bebbington, 22, was last seen entering the river near the Dana Steps on 10 November. A body was found by a member of the public on private land near Leighton on Monday.
Michael Dunlop claimed pole on the BMW with a speed of 131.783mph. Neil Kernohan won the Dundrod 150 Lightweight race. Christian Elkin took the Ultra-Lightweight honours.
Severe storms in December 2013 caused damage to an existing dune system. Report says there is evidence they have begun to re-establish themselves naturally. Denbighshire council is considering creating a secondary dune system to strengthen defences.
ScotRail said it aimed to run two-thirds of its services and buses on some routes. The operator has published an amended timetable listing cancelled services. Aslef accused the Abellio-owned operator of trying to push new terms through.
EU objects to Hungary's tight controls on asylum seekers and non-governmental organisations. Szijjarto says he has already won backing from Poland to veto any EU sanctions. Thousands of Hungarians have held protest rallies against the laws in recent months.
Jesus, the Homeless is a life-size bronze statue that has divided opinion. Some people love the Banksy feel of it - the sense of art for the people. Others consider it an insult to the figure of Christ Jesus - leaving him out in the rain. It is the work of Canadian sculptor Tim
Topps' products include Star Wars, Disney's Frozen and Top Gear. The New York firm told the BBC that the vulnerability had since been fixed. A security researcher said he had previously warned the firm about weaknesses.
Ajinkya Rahane becomes fifth Indian to score centuries in both innings. South Africa reach 72-0 in their second innings at stumps on day three. A 3-0 series victory for India would put them second in the world rankings.
166 motorists were stopped by police for using their phones in March. Handsoff campaign said driving and using a phone is a "lethal cocktail" New drivers caught using a mobile face losing their licence. More experienced drivers can be banned if they get 12 points in three years.
Donkey received 16 puncture wounds at community farm in Cwmbran. Two male 17 year olds have been bailed pending phone and forensic examinations.
Oxford City Council said money had been used for "ground investigations of possible sites" Two cemeteries still have space, in Wolvercote and Botley, but are expected to be full by 2018 and 2021. The last increase in burial space in Oxford was in 1932.
Shooting happened at a private party in San Jose's Fiesta nightclub, near San Francisco. Police have confirmed the Grammy winner was unhurt. Mobile phone footage said to be of the gig has been posted online.
Up to a dozen A-29 Super Tucano aircraft would be sold to Nigeria. The deal, which is not yet official, will require approval from Congress. Boko Haram's deadly insurgency has displaced more than two million people.
Fiona Bruce's proposal defeated by 292 to 201 in the House of Commons. Conservative MP said law was being 'interpreted in different ways' Government said it had been consistently clear that sex selective abortion was 'already illegal'
Council leader says one new village is better than "scatter-gunning" homes. Areas around Godstone, Blindley Heath, Redhill Aerodrome, Chaldon and Lingfield are all in the running. Lingfield Parish Council said it will not solve infrastructure problems.
State of Food & Agriculture 2016 report said agriculture needed to change. It said agriculture accounted for about a fifth of the global emissions of greenhouse gases. Last year, nations adopted a UN goal of ending hunger by 2030.
Michael Salmon, 30, used his position as freelance producer of a show to obtain grants. Some grants came from Arts Council of Wales and Arts Unlimited. Salmon, from Grangetown, Cardiff, admitted five counts of fraud.
John Terry will leave Chelsea at the end of the season. The 36-year-old made his senior debut for Chelsea in 1998. Bournemouth are also reported to be interested in signing Terry.
DUP MP Gavin Robinson gave evidence to the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee. He said those arguing to stay in the EU were raising concerns over border operations. The committee is examining issues like the economy and the border with the Republic of Ireland.
Gen Zahir resigned last week after presiding over a dramatic rise in militant attacks. His spokesman sparked confusion days later by claiming his resignation had been rejected. Interior ministry confirmed his replacement as Abdul Rahman Rahimi, former police chief in Balkh province.
Number of centenarians has been steadily increasing - from 600 in 1961 to nearly 13,000 in 2010. By 2035 will have breached the 100,000 mark.
Even the lowest expected levels of warming could decimate butterfly populations. British researchers looked at impact of extreme drought event in 1995 on butterfly species. Under less extreme warming conditions, changes to butterfly habitats could ameliorate the worst impacts.
Man's bike was struck by a lorry at 17:15, near a petrol station. Police warned drivers to expect delays in the area as there are no local diversions.
Firstsource Solutions said new staff will be based at its Cardiff Bay site. The 300 new jobs include sales and customer service roles.
Joseph and Vimbai Chinotimba kissed for 10 minutes and 17 seconds. Dino Melaye allegedly threatened to beat up and "impregnate" a female colleague. In Cameroon, men who commit adultery face jail.
Arkadiusz Jozwik, 39, died from head injuries after he was punched and fell to the floor in Harlow in August. The teenager from Harlow, who cannot be named, appeared in court on Friday. No plea was taken and he was bailed to appear at Chelmsford Crown Court in January.
Colin Raymond Cooke, 62, was jailed for seven years in May this year. He had been convicted of conspiracy to rob and assisting an offender. Paul Cooke was one of several men who plundered Ronald Smith's house. Others involved in the raid in West Bromwich have not been traced.
Office for National Statistics looked at income, employment, health, education, skills and training and crime. Guildford, Woking and St Albans were all found to have the highest proportion of the least deprived areas.
The Olivier Awards will be held at London's Royal Opera House on 3 April. The announcement will be streamed live at www.olivierawards.com. Ball previously co-hosted the awards in 2011 and 2012.
Run by the National Trust, Dinefwr Park in Llandeilo is the only example of Brown's work in Wales currently open to the public. He was commissioned to design the gardens in 1775, by then owners George Rice and his wife Cecil.
Andrew Virco, 50, and Katharine Walker, 51, from Cambridge, died with two other Britons when the aircraft crashed into a glacier on South Island. Ms Walker's daughter, Rebecca, 22, said the couple were on a "big adventure" that had been planned for some time.
Number of corporate insolvencies fell year-on-year by 21%, to stand at 188. The figure was 10% lower than the previous quarter. Number of administrations, which typically affect larger organisations, remained virtually the same as a year ago.
Seanie Johnston, Padraig Faulkner, Ciaran Brady and Liam Buchanan return for Cavan. Monaghan face at Clones with Fermanagh against Mayo at Castlebar. Thomas Mallon, Chrissy McKaigue and Ciaran McFaul return for Derry.
Gurpal Shehri, 28, worked for Cambridgeshire Police. He was found guilty of misconduct in a public office. Judge John Plumstead said he had been a "spy in the camp"
Alan Knight, 51, admitted murdering David Bond, 50, in Worthing. He was sentenced at Hove Crown Court to serve at least 19 years. Police said the killing followed a row over the cleanliness of the house.
Graeme Wood argues the rise of so-called Islamic State is a kind of Reformation within Islam. Tariq Ramadan says we should not try to "understand Islam through a Christian lens"
Lachie Stewart, 30, was thought to have been travelling to Delhi. He had been working on a contract in Bhogpur, India.
OCCG has ranked the phone line as a'red risk', the highest category for patient safety. South Central Ambulance Service said calls have increased by 16% in the last year. It claimed staff shortages contributed to problems in answering calls.
Green scored 13 goals for Mansfield last season. But he only managed four league goals under Steve Evans. The 30-year-old said he 'turned into an unhappy player'
Medical staff working with GB Taekwondo raised concerns to UK Sport. They raised concerns over concussion, weight loss and training loads. This led to GB Taekwondo commissioning an independent review. The report published last year found no evidence to support the complaints.
Glamorgan and Sussex draw in County Championship match. David Lloyd scores 102 not out for Glamorgan. Sussex remain unbeaten, with one win and seven draws.
Rod Ashley will succeed Jim Lindsay who is retiring at the end of the year. Scotwest serves around 30,000 people and its asset base has grown by 400% since Mr Ashley took over in 1996.
Lynn Davies, 58, from Neath, was given a deal in October and given six months to repay the cash. He charged victims £500 on top of every £1,000 borrowed and loaned £23,395 over seven years, pocketing £33,25. Davies, who threatened his victims if they did not pay,
Dr Paul Wright says Jamaica's anti-doping regime has been woefully short of the international standards required. His comments come a week after World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) visited Jamaica to investigate claims that the country's athletes were not being tested rigorously enough. Dr Wright is concerned Wada
Prandelli resigned after Italy were knocked out of the World Cup group stage. Conte won the Serie A title in each of his three seasons in charge at Juventus.
Nathaniel Knight-Percival opened the scoring with a brilliant overhead kick. Shaun Whalley took advantage of poor defending to score. Andy Mangan blasted in a loose ball for a third goal after 29 minutes. Tom Aldred drove in from 15 yards before Danny Philliskirk fired into the bottom corner
The European Investment Bank (EIB) helps pay for major projects. It lends at cheap rates and guarantees those rates for years into the future. The bank is just that: a bank, not a fairy godmother.
Marcos ruled the Philippines for 20 years until people took to the streets in 1986. His body is currently on display in his home city of Batac. The decision to move Marcos is controversial because of his record of corruption.
49-year-old man and 45 year-old woman arrested on suspicion of slavery offences. Victims are thought to be mainly Slovakian and Romanian. Suspects, who are both Slovakian, have been arrested.
More than 50,000 migrants remain in Greece waiting for a decision about their futures. Angus Crawford visited three camps to find out how they are living.
Mary Hampton's bicycle was taken while she did her weekly shop in Waitrose. The 89-year-old admitted she was "very silly" not to have locked it up. After news of the theft hit social media, dozens offered to buy her a new one. Her local cycling club has loaned
Air accident investigators have been briefing families ahead of final report. Families said the briefing had left many questions unanswered. Ian O'Prey, whose son died in the bar, said there was "no resolution" John McGarrigle, whose father John died, said he felt "let down"
Balotelli was one of three AC Milan players targeted during their match against Roma. The Serie A fixture was temporarily halted for two minutes after the abuse. Roma were fined £42,400 by the Italian Football League for the incident.
Leah Washington, 18, and Joe Pugh, 19, both from Barnsley, were badly injured. Ms Washington had a leg amputated and Mr Pugh suffered shattered knees. The event takes place at the Metrodome Arena in Barnsley on 14 November.
Citizen Kane has been voted top film by Sight and Sound magazine for 50 years. But Hitchcock's 1958 thriller Vertigo beat the Welles classic by 34 votes. Yasujiro Ozu's Tokyo Story, from 1953, is ranked third.
David Sweat, 35, was shot twice and captured less than two miles from Canadian border. His prison-break partner Richard Matt, 49, was killed by police on Friday. The spectacular escape set off a massive manhunt in upstate New York.
William Ashton, 39, is due to appear before Blackpool Magistrates' Court. He has also been charged with two counts of possession of an offensive weapon. The injured officer, 47, from the Immediate Response Team based in Fleetwood, has "recovered physically"
The company reported a 4% decline in profits to $1.89bn in the first quarter from $1.98bn in 2015. Coke's sales in Europe, its third biggest market, declined 1% in the quarter ended 1 April. Latin America sales plunged 12.2%, while Asia Pacific sales dropped 4%.
Eight years ago families in Kampot province won back fishing rights from the Cambodian government. The community is now responsible for security, and makes regular patrols to ensure there is no illegal logging. Tourists are given tours of the area as part of a drive to create an eco-tourism destination.
Ravel Morrison has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham. The 18-year-old was the subject of a rejected bid from Newcastle earlier in the month. Sir Alex Ferguson recently branded Morrison's contract demands as "unrealistic"
Chris Christie: 'For the first time since 9/11, we're going to have to confront the loss of American life on American soil to terrorist conduct' Donald Trump: 'The violence in San Bernardino probably was related' to 'radical Islamic terrorism' Ted Cruz: 'Radicalisation in America isn't protected
Student banned from future events and must apologise in writing. Project highlights role of Indian soldiers in World War One. A 19th Century violin has been sent to a young Syrian musician.
Raymond Russell, 34, was charged with being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug to another person. He appeared in private at Jedburgh Sheriff Court where he made no plea or declaration. Russell was released on bail pending his next court appearance.
Wales beat Russia 3-0 to finish top of Group B at Euro 2016. They will play either Northern Ireland, Turkey or Albania in Paris on Saturday. Captain Ashley Williams and defender James Chester say they will test anyone at the tournament.
Council umbrella body Cosla says the problem is in what it calls particular "pockets" of the country. There are a number of possible explanations for the problems in northern Scotland. For example, the cost of housing in some parts of the north east may deter people from moving there if they know their
Hollywood A-lister turned up unexpectedly at Sunrise of Sonning care home. Staff had written to Clooney, who lives nearby, telling him a visit would make Pat's dreams come true. Clooney rang the doorbell and greeted resident Pat Adams with flowers and a card.
33ft (10m) deep hole appeared in Fontmell Close, St Albans, on 1 October last year. Investigations into the cause mean utilities to some homes have not yet been restored. Hertfordshire County Council hopes the work will be completed by Christmas.
Steve Walsh has left Leicester to join Everton on a free transfer. The 51-year-old had only signed a new contract with the Foxes in May. Walsh will work under new Toffees boss Ronald Koeman.
Jeff Hendrick has returned to his club Derby County with a shoulder problem. Harry Arter will miss the Dublin games because of an Achilles injury. Jon Walters sat out training sessions in Dublin over recent days.
The 25-year-old has helped Sarries to three Premiership titles. Farrell has 52 caps for England and four for the British & Irish Lions. He was named European player of the year in May.
Sam Cooke, 22, from Manchester, found two cards on his doormat. One said the parcel had been put through an open window. The second read: "I'm really sorry I think your parcel might have fallen down the toilet...Accidently"
Sutton United beat Cheltenham Town 2-1 in the second round of the FA Cup on Saturday. Danny Wright put the Robins in front after just 30 minutes. But Matt Tubbs equalised for the hosts just after the break. Roarie Deacon scored in injury time to secure the win for the U's.
Caravan, A Great British Love Story by Gareth Iwan Jones will be published in early June by Frances Lincoln. Photographer stayed at more than 30 sites across the UK.
Sgt Brian Wood said allegations had been damaging to him and his team. He said it would have been better for the team to consider allegations in detail. Former Army Captain Rachel Webster said the closure was 'too little too late' IHAT was set up in 2010 to examine allegations against UK servicemen and women
James Ibori was arrested in Dubai in 2010 and extradited to London. Some $35m of his alleged UK assets were frozen in 2007. As his trial was about to begin, Mr Ibori changed his plea to guilty. He is due to be sentenced on 16 April.
The post is being advertised at the 125-year-old Peebles Hydro. The successful applicant will take the lead on "all the fun things" to do at the hotel.
Scotland face South Africa in their final Pool B match on Saturday. The Scots can reach the World Cup quarter-finals with a win. Stuart Hogg continues at full-back and will be the only player to start.
Emily Slough launched a campaign after finding a photograph on Facebook of her feeding her daughter in Rugeley. Swansea mother Jade Richards organised a breastfeeding protest in Castle Square on Saturday at midday. Similar events were also taking place in Newcastle, Milton Keynes, Stirling and York.
Fleetwood Town 4, Southport 1 in FA Cup first round replay. Cian Bolger, Ashley Hunter and Amari'i Bell scored in extra time. Aaron Amadi-Holloway gave Fleetwood the lead in the first half. Southport equalised through Ashley Grimes.
Unnamed woman sought judicial review over alleged failure to issue new guidance on abortion to medical professionals in Northern Ireland. She claimed the delay compounded the trauma of losing her babies. But on Friday, her lawyers said her goal had been reached as guidelines have now been published. Northern Ireland's abortion law differs
Every BBC local radio station in England and Channel Islands is accepting nominations for a musical blue plaque. The winners will be honoured with a plaque on a building where they lived or a venue where they became famous. David Bowie is honoured at the location of the photoshoot for The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust in London
Letter organised by Dr Clare Gerada, a Labour member and former chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners.
Protesters oppose reforms that allow the federal authorities to remove teachers who fail evaluation exams. Members of the CNTE union have been blocking roads in Oaxaca and other states ever since the union leaders were arrested in early June. The roadblocks have prevented food deliveries to some remote areas in the region.
Quake struck at 08:23 GMT, 420km (260 miles) north-west of the capital, Port Vila. Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre says threat of tsunami waves has now mostly passed. USGS said the quake was fairly shallow - at a depth of about 35km (21 miles)
His comments come amid the expenses scandal that has embroiled the government for the past three weeks. Ms Bishop's spending set social media on fire and she soon became the speaker who sparked a thousand memes. Memes have adopted the helicopter as their main tool to mock the speaker.
Caroline McKeich was found dead on the banks of the River Leven in 1996. Her mother, Margaret McKeich, recently led appeals as the inquiry reached 20 years without the killer being found. Crimestoppers said the reward would be paid for information which leads to an arrest and conviction.
Italy beat Belgium 2-0 in their opening Euro 2016 Group E match. Emanuele Giaccherini and Graziano Pelle scored the goals. Both sides now face games against the Republic of Ireland and Sweden.
McIlroy moves to 15 under par with Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat. Frenchman Dubuisson carded a 67 to tie with overnight leader Van Zyl.
Swift entered the GB programme while at university in Bath in 2006. He won the British title in 2008, as well as silver at the World Junior Championships that year. Swift's last race was the World Championships in February where he finished in 16th place.
It began just before 14:00 GMT at the property in Grove Lane, Elmswell. Progress has been "slow due to the weather conditions", fire service said.
Former MEP Philip Bradbourn died at Good Hope Hospital, Sutton Coldfield. His body was sent to a funeral directors run by Central England Co-operative. The trust and Co-op have apologised for the blunder.
Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority set up this year. It originally estimated annual running costs of about £1.3m. But authority's scrutiny committee voted against approving it. One member asked if recruitment plans were "written on the back of a bus ticket"
Top seeds defeated Australia's Dylan Alcott and South Africa's Lucas Sithole 6-0 3-6 6-2. Lapthorne: "It's an amazing feeling and a lovely end to a tough couple of days"
Footage taken from the air shows the damage the latest snowstorm has caused. Rail services were suspended as teams worked to clear the lines of snow. Forecasters have warned of more snow on Thursday and over the weekend.
Car hit by Bedford to Bletchley London Midland Service. 11 passengers and two members of staff on board but no-one was injured. Disruption on line expected until 15:00 GMT, Network Rail said.
Gatwick says Sir Howard Davies's decision not to back a second runway at the airport was flawed. The government is due to decide which airport should expand by Christmas. Sir Howard says Gatwick's arguments were carefully considered.
Joshua knocked out Wladimir Klitschko to add the WBA world heavyweight title to his IBF crown at Wembley Stadium last weekend. "Nothing would make us happier than having a Joshua fight at some point," says Wembley Stadium chief executive Martyn Phillips. Speedway, rugby league, football and boxing have all taken
Killie beat Falkirk 4-0 to overturn a 1-0 first-leg deficit in the play-off final. But manager Lee Clark said changes are needed by next season. Clark ran down the touchline in celebration after the third and fourth goals.
Weston played 19 league and cup games for the Chairboys last season. The 29-year-old has also played for Charlton, Brentford, Gillingham and Notts County.
BHS.com will employ just 84 people, a fraction of the 11,000 who lost their jobs. Last of BHS's 163 department stores was closed last month. The new website, owned by Qatari Al Mana Group, will go live on Thursday.
Microcredit offers small loans to people who do not normally qualify for traditional banking credit. Some argue that people can quickly sink into a cycle of debt, with many lenders charging exorbitant rates of interest. Dr Qazi Kholikuzzaman Ahmad, chairman of PKSF, describes microcredit as a "death trap
Inmates have slowly been transferred out and at the start of the year, 122 men were left. In 2009, President Obama admitted the January 2010 deadline he had set for closing the counter-terrorism facility would be missed.
The four-month stand off between workers and management resulted in 12 full days of strike action. It was resolved on Friday after 66% of Luas drivers voted to accept a pay rise deal. Irish Transport Minister Shane Ross welcomed the results of the ballot.
Stratford-on-Avon MP Nadhim Zahawi sued Press TV over a July 2015 article. It alleged he funded and profited from trade with terrorist group. But High Court judges said the Iraqi-born candidate was a victim of 'fake news' He was awarded £200,000 in damages and legal
The petition calls on the EU and its member states to stop the talks. It also says they should not ratify a similar deal that has already been done. One of the concerns mentioned in the petition is the idea of investor tribunals.
Bolton have been trying to find a buyer for a number of months. The Championship strugglers are scheduled in the High Court on Monday over a £3m unpaid tax bill. Wigan have made an approach for the club's training ground.
Scotland defeat Ireland in Six Nations clash at Murrayfield. Craig Gilroy scored Ireland's only try of the match. Greig Laidlaw kicked four penalties for the hosts.
Crispr-Cas9 replaces harmful DNA with new code that kills cancerous cells. Mice with the reprogrammed code developed tumours that were much smaller than cancers in mice that did not get this treatment.
The Environment Agency said it was looking for an investor to secure the site's future. Lydney Harbour was built in the early 1800s to transport iron and coal. During its heyday, the harbour saw about 300,000 tons of coal being exported annually.
Each of this year's winners was presented with a gold medal and a diploma. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is Africa's first elected female head of state. Leymah Gbowee led a campaign to end Liberia's civil war. Tawakkol Karman is the first Arab woman to win
Colin Shields and Steve Saviano scored for Cardiff. Belfast take on the Capitals again on Friday.
GB's women's K2 500m boat also provisionally qualified for Rio. Ed McKeever only managed eighth in the K1 200m B final and still needs to qualify. McKeever's result means he must come first or second in next May's European qualifiers.
Theme park bosses were informed of the accident on Tuesday at 13:57 BST. Ambulance crews said the 999 call was not made until 14:08. Alton Towers said one of its first responders was soon on the scene.
The incident was not terror related, police said. The man, 39, is in hospital for medical assessment. Last December, three people died, including a gunman, after a hostage situation in nearby Martin Place.
Police used tear gas on Tuesday to end three days of unrest at Christmas Island. The unrest began after an escaped detainee was found dead. Inmates started fires and barricaded themselves inside a compound with weapons. Seven detainees who allegedly participated in the unrest were being transferred to Australia's mainland.
Inspectors in abattoirs used to be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for disease. But under new European regulations, they will have to rely on visual checks alone. The FSA says the new system avoids the risk of harmful bacteria being spread.
Dasilva, 19, is yet to play for Chelsea but impressed in 10 appearances for the Addicks at the end of last season. The full-back captained England Under-19s to their first win at the European Championship this summer.
Sam Sebastian, 18, also suffered a cardiac arrest at West Gate School. Eileen Coull, 63, and Marilyn Smith, 61, will be sentenced on 13 July. A charge of wilful neglect was dropped.
Four-storey building collapsed in Torre Annunziata district. Two children among those missing. Neighbours did not report hearing any explosion.
32-year-old spent 13 years at Hartlepool, making 444 appearances. Sweeney was released by the Cumbrians at the end of last season. He is manager Neil Aspin's sixth addition this summer.
Major Peake made history last month when he became the first Briton to walk in space. The event, held at the World Museum in Liverpool, was streamed to thousands of schools.
Tomasz Raszkiewicz "forcibly lunged" at Lucasz Gal's mother as she held him. The 33-year-old fractured the baby's skull on a door. He was on the run from Polish authorities at the time of the attack.
Nancie Atwell, a teacher in Maine, wins the inaugural Global Teacher Prize. She will donate the prize money to the school that she founded. UK representative Richard Spencer is also in the top 10 finalists.
Sir Richard Leese is a senior figure in the drive to unite the north of England as an economic force. North Wales could benefit from better transport links and growth potential. But Sir Richard also said the region "needed more freedom"
The 28-year-old left Rovers after their National League promotion final defeat by Grimsby earlier this month. He made 33 league appearances this season, scoring six goals from defence.
Adele wins five Grammys, including song and record of the year. She breaks the news to the audience, saying: 'Beyonce is the artist of my life' It is unclear if she will officially reject her award.
Liverpool secured first Premier League win since late August against West Brom. Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson scored to secure 2-1 victory. Prior to victory, Liverpool had won just two of six league games. Manager Brendan Rodgers expects Daniel Sturridge to return from injury.
In future a unified patent court will hear patent cases. There were originally no plans to have one in Scotland. Law Society of Scotland and Faculty of Advocates had urged UK ministers to change the law.
Calvin Klein dress worth $1m taken from London Hotel in West Hollywood. Dress was designed by Francisco Costa for Calvin Klein. Nyong'o won best supporting actress in 2014 for 12 Years a Slave.
Radiohead were asked to write the theme tune for the new Bond film Spectre. Singer Thom Yorke said the song 'didn't work out' and was not used. Instead Sam Smith's Writing's On The Wall was used as the movie's tune. Radiohead have now released their brooding
Samuel Ward scored a goal either side of half-time. Henry Weir made sure of the result in the final quarter. Britain face Belgium in their final match on Sunday.
The overtime bill for officers and staff in England and Wales totalled almost £1bn over three years. The Home Office said the government had "already taken steps to reduce unnecessary overtime payments" The National Police Chiefs' Council said it was "only right" that officers should be compensated for overtime.
Discovery made during work to extend the castle's main shop and ticket office. Historic Scotland said the find would help establish exactly where the defences stood.
Beavercrest Community School in Markdale is one of 600 earmarked for closure. Chapman's Ice Cream initially offered to purchase the school for CA$1m. But the aging building could require millions of dollars worth of repairs. Regulations and an asbestos problem might make buying the school difficult.
Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited's site was closed after a fire in March. The Environment Agency has now revoked the company's permit. Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service visited the premises nine times in the last 12 months.
Google paid $3.2bn (£2.1bn) to buy Tony Fadell's start-up Nest in 2014. It got the man dubbed the 'iPod's father' - the engineer/designer who sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player. Now, the two men are set
Sepp Blatter has already announced he will quit as Fifa president. Frenchman Platini is likely to face a number of challengers. Jordanian Prince Ali Bin al-Hussein and Liberian FA president Musa Bility both claim Platini would be a bad choice as a successor.
Gillingham slip out of the top six after losing to Shrewsbury. Jean-Louis Akpa Apro scored the winner for the away side.
Stirling Council says development 'cannot be supported in policy terms' Park of Keir Partners say they will discuss report with planning officers.
The raccoon dog was found under a water tank in a garden in Lincolnshire. RSPCA said the animals posed a high level of threat to native wildlife.
Labour leader returned to the stage - in shirt sleeves this time - to face questions from his audience. One introduced herself: "Christina Rees, newly-elected Labour councillor for Bridgend." So far so good. But then it got trickier.
US RC-135 was on routine mission in international airspace over Sea of Okhotsk. Russian SU-27 Flanker fighter flew aggressively and exposed its belly. US and Russian defence officials are said to have discussed the incident.
Snapchat confirmed the figure following a report in the Financial Times. Last week, Facebook said it was now registering eight billion views a day. Snapchat does not say how long a video must play in order to count.
Company said it had a "temporary network issue" which affected calls and texts. Calls have since been restored and that it is working to restore full service. Some users on Twitter complained of their texts being sent to random numbers.
Sydney school bans students from clapping in assembly. It says the rule was introduced to respect students who are "sensitive to noise" It is the latest in a series of school regulations to have faced criticism. Hugs and Australia Day celebrations have also faced bans.
The figures emerged in the 2016 Welsh Election Study. Cardiff University's Professor Roger Scully said voters were "unlikely to notice" the loss of MEPs after EU exit. But Labour MEP Derek Vaughan said it is "difficult" for MEPs to get recognition.
Mental health issues in sport have been in the spotlight for 11 years. Stan Collymore, Marcus Trescothick, Neil Lennon and Robert Enke all dealt with issues. Former England batsman Michael Yardy has suffered from depression. Yardy: "It is very dangerous to say that one case of
Williams won gold at the German Open on Saturday. The 18-year-old first considered taking up taekwondo after watching fellow Welsh fighter Jade Jones win gold at London 2012. Williams trains alongside Jones with the British squad in Manchester.
Wladimir Klitschko retired on Thursday, ending Joshua's chances of a rematch. Joshua and challenger Luis Ortiz have 30 days from 3 August to agree. Ortiz's manager Jay Jimenez says his fighter could fill the void.
Soldiers and riot police are manning the entrance of the building. It follows last week's court ruling that NFF president Amaju Pinnick lost his post to Chris Giwa in elections in September 2014. Giwa and his team had said they would occupy and take over the NFF offices to start work
Europe's largest wading bird has been added to the red list. RSPBNI said it could now be considered the 'UK's most pressing conservation issue' There has been an 87% decline in its population in Northern Ireland.
Michael Keane called up to England squad for games against Malta and Slovenia. Gareth Southgate names Crystal Palace's Andros Townsend in place of Raheem Sterling.
Houellebecq won a court case in 2002 against Muslim groups who accused him of insulting Islam. He said he felt contempt for Islam, but he was cleared of inciting racial hatred.
Male in his early 30s was found with critical injuries in Silvertown. He was pronounced dead at the scene and inquiries are under way. Anita Szucs, 30, died after an apparent hit-and-run in Enfield. Karla Roman, 32, was killed in a crash with a coach in
Levy completed a nine-under first round of 62 earlier on Friday and moved to 17 under. He was six clear of German Martin Kaymer, England's Ross Fisher and Swede Robert Karlsson, all on 11 under with several holes to play.
It is hoped the sale will cover the £502m debts accrued by a firm which tried to redevelop the landmark site. The 39-acre property is on the Thames and a new public park is planned there.
The incident occurred early on Wednesday in Helmand province. Soldiers returned fire killing the attackers, a coalition spokesperson said. No group has said it carried out the latest attack.
Glasgow Warriors face Edinburgh in final game of season on Saturday. Gregor Townsend will name his Scotland squad for June Tests on Monday. Townsend's side failed to earn Pro12 semi-final spot for first time in five seasons.
20-year-old impressed on loan at Torquay in the National League last season. He has now established himself in the Vale first team under Bruno Ribeiro. Vale youth product Smith will be offered a new deal by the League One club.
Twin-engined plane came down in a rural area near the town of Codazzi. Residents said plane had been struck by lightning. All of those killed were members of the Colombian air force.
Private Caixin/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) dropped to 47.8 in July from 49.4 in the previous month. It is worse than a preliminary reading of 48.2 and is the fifth consecutive month of contraction in the sector. The reading was the lowest since July 2013, when it
An Armando Izzo own goal gives Roma a 1-0 win against Genoa. The result leaves Roma four points behind Serie A leaders Juventus. Juventus can re-establish a four-point advantage by beating Bologna. Lazio strengthen their hold on fourth place with an unconvincing 1-0 victory over next-to-bottom Crotone
Russian embassy said the convoys allowed Russian soldiers to defeat the Germans on the Eastern Front. Foreign Office initially did not allow Russia to honour the veterans as it broke the rules on foreign medals. More than 3,000 men died during the maritime campaign.
Three men, aged 22, 24 and 46, have been charged with targeting a former member of the security forces in the Craigavon area. A fourth man, 22, is charged with the attempted murder of police officers. They will appear at Craigavon Magistrates Court on Tuesday.
Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway is her seventh number one album in the UK. In the singles chart, The Chainsmokers go top with Closer. Cold Water by Major Lazer drops to number three.
The skull was found by the M54 slip road near Telford on Thursday. It sparked a West Mercia Police inquiry and led to the discovery of skeletal remains. The remains have now been recovered and post-mortem tests will help to identify him.
Fifty-nine people had died up until and including Thursday, and 617 others had been infected, bringing the total affected to 7,359. Hurricane Tomas caused flooding and left eight people dead in western Haiti. In Leogane, the streets have been turned into "rivers" and some 35,000 people had
The move has sparked taunts of "May, the meals snatcher" It is reminiscent of Margaret Thatcher's infamous cancelling of free school milk. But to Theresa May's Conservatives it was a policy that no longer added up.
Construction shrank by 5% in the first three months of 2012, less than the 5.4% contraction initially reported. The economy needs to register two consecutive quarters of negative growth to be in recession.
The Queen's comments are atypical for her, but also pose some unanswered questions. Did Commander Lucy D'Orsi mean that Chinese officials threatened to cancel the whole state visit? Was any conflict to do with security arrangements or wider diplomatic significance?
Dean Keates made over 150 league appearances for Wrexham. The 38-year-old captained the club to an FA Trophy win in 2013. Keates had been in temporary charge after Gary Mills was sacked in October.
Mark Dornan, 22, was arrested after parcel sent from Belgium intercepted. The parcel was opened at a Royal Mail depot in Coventry and found to contain over half a kilo of the Class B drug. Police obtained a search warrant and raided Dornan's home in Stirling. Officers found a shoebox in his
So I Breathe Can explores some of the ways the world is seeking to reduce air pollution. People have been sharing their tips on how to improve the air around them.
Indonesian jazz pianist Joey Alexander is the youngest performer ever to be nominated for the prestigious music award. He did not win a Grammy but while the young musician performed on stage, the cameras panned across to singer Bruno Mars. Many from Joey's homeland also expressed their admiration and support for the young star.
Seamus McCollum, 56, died at Maine private nursing home in Randalstown in September of last year. The death was not treated as murder until April of this year, following the results of an autopsy.
Arlene Foster met a group of people affected by Thalidomide at Stormont. The drug was developed in Germany as a sedative, but was also used to ease morning sickness in pregnant women. It was linked to thousands of birth defects and was withdrawn in 1961.
Images reveal lumpy texture that could have been body's original building blocks. Images also reveal episodes of past explosive behaviour. Cameras on the probe have now imaged 70% of the comet's surface.
At least a dozen Republicans have said they will not be voting for him. Mr Trump says he will never drop out of the race to be president. He has been under pressure after a tape of him bragging about groping women was broadcast.
Brenda Wardle is accused of pretending to be a practising attorney. She allegedly offered to represent a convicted murderer in 2009. Ms Wardle will represent herself, against the advice of the magistrate.
Tomic lost 6-4 6-3 6-4 to Germany's world number 30 in one hour and 19 minutes. The 24-year-old Australian has not won a tour title since 2015. Tomic has earned almost £4m in career prize money, including £35,000 for his defeat.
Neymar and his father have both denied any wrongdoing. The case had been brought by the Brazilian investment fund DIS. DIS claimed it was short-changed when Neymar transferred from Santos to Barcelona.
Fidel Castro was born on 13 August to a wealthy sugar farmer from Spain. The Queen was born in London slightly earlier, on 21 April, as the first child of Albert, Duke of York.
Police called after reports of the attack between 17:00 GMT and 18:40 on Monday. Victim was walking near East Park Road when he bundled into a car. Two men have been arrested following the incident and police are appealing for more information.
Neurotribes: The Legacy of Autism and How to Think About People Who Think Differently is the winner of the Samuel Johnson Prize. It is the first popular science book to win the prize in its 17-year history.
Reading's Alex Danson has recovered from a hand injury. Great Britain take on the Netherlands in Amsterdam on Tuesday and Thursday. Laura Unsworth and Lily Owsley also return to the squad.
A man, 26, from Amesbury was arrested on suspicion of arson. All of the "suspicious fires" took place between 01:38 GMT on Friday and 04:40 GMT on Saturday.
Sinn Fin's Martin McGuinness said his mother was 'traumatised' to learn the truth. The former IRA commander joined the IRA in 1970, shortly after the Troubles began. He said he had not told his parents about his membership of the paramilitary organisation.
They include those who have travelled north across the border. Andy Martin reports.
Eileen Maguire, 69, died after the three-car crash in November 2013. Damien Maguire, 43, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving. Judge told Mrs Maguire's family "nothing I can say or do can bring back Eileen Maguire"
Mufawaka Alabash and Asem Alfrhad were convicted of people smuggling. They were acquitted of causing death "through deliberate negligence" European Council President Donald Tusk has raised the idea of "shipping back" migrants.
The Kings and the Bloemfontein-based Cheetahs are expected to join the Pro12. The Pro12 comprises teams from Scotland, Wales, Ireland and Italy. scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen hopes to impress Springboks selectors in Europe.
Israel made "substantial efforts" to avoid civilian deaths, it said. Hamas, which dominates the Gaza Strip, called the Israeli report worthless. The 50-day conflict between Israel and Gaza militants lasted from July to late August 2014. It left at least 2,189 Palestinians dead, including more than 1,486
Germany beat Poland 2-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier in Frankfurt. Gordon Strachan's side travel to Glasgow on Monday night.
Nathan Cleverly will fight for the WBA regular light-heavyweight belt. Welshman's three career defeats have all come in his last six bouts. Cleverly: "This is a must-win for me - I'm confident I can upset the champion"
Lady Mary Soames, who died last year at 91, was the last survivor of Churchill's five children. All but two of the paintings she owned have been allocated to the National Trust. The others will stay in the Houses of Parliament and the Churchill War Rooms.
Manchester city centre is back in the grip of general election campaigning. But is the city ready to move on and talk politics after the terror attack? Kelly, 38, from Manchester says it is "too soon" to start campaigning again. Donna, 37, from Rochdale says people are still reeling from the attack
Man disturbed pensioner as he tried to open donation box. He left the church when he saw her, but returned and demanded money. The pensioner gave him a sum of money after being hit with a crowbar.
After five years of success, Tinie had lost touch with his roots. Youth is Tinie's third album. The record has suffered a number of delays as the star revised the tracklist.
Aquascutum started as a Mayfair tailors in the 1850s. Its trench coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War. In 1953 its wyncol fabric was used by Edmund Hillary in the first ascent of Mount Everest. The retailer has struggled in recent years, closing its Nottinghamshire
A fault at a Clydesdale Bank machine in Wishaw meant customers received double the amount they keyed in. It is understood about 100 people queued up at the ATM after hearing about the fault. Clydesdale Bank later said the problem had been corrected quickly.
Tinbergen Building will be closed from Monday. It houses departments of zoology and experimental psychology. University spokesman said it was not believed there was a health risk.
Jersey submitted a bid to leave the English FA and join Uefa in December 2015. Uefa's executive will not allow their congress to discuss Jersey's bid. Jersey is not recognised by the United Nations as an independent nation.
Training to become a doctor takes at least five years and currently about 6,000 graduate each year. The government wants many of the new training places to go to students from disadvantaged backgrounds. But the British Medical Association says the plan will not address the immediate shortage of medics.
Chris Ashton scored two tries as Saracens ran in seven tries. Alex Goode, Jamie George, Brad Barritt and Billy Vunipola also crossed. Anthony Watson scored the only try for Bath.
Striker Kashket scored one goal in 22 appearances for the O's. Gape, 21, was captain of Southampton's Under-21 side last season.
Ian Holloway will be in charge of QPR when they face Norwich on Saturday. He will be the latest manager to get reacquainted with familiar surroundings. BBC Sport looks at 10 managers who have enjoyed - or endured - more than one spell with clubs in English Football League.
Nancy, from North Yorkshire, said she was'swept off her feet' by man she believed to be in Turkey. She lost her home, business and took out several loans over 14 months. After reading fraud advice online, Nancy went to police at the start of September. No arrests have been made
Kaori Okuni, one of the women campaigning for change, said the ruling would lead to'suffering for those who plan to marry and those who are set to be born' Most women in Japan end up taking their husband's surname. In most well-populated countries, women are free to change their
Ospreys have won nine of their last 11 Pro12 and European games. The Welsh region beat Scarlets 19-9 on Tuesday. "We've bounced back well, we didn't have a great start," says coach Nigel Owens.
Nottinghamshire beat Essex in the quarter-finals of the County Championship. The Outlaws will now play at Edgbaston for the first time since 2010. Notts haven't reached the final of the competition since 2006.
The Blue singer said he was depressed after a tour of Kazakhstan ended in July. He said he realised the fans could tell he wasn't feeling himself. Since appearing on the show, he says things are looking more positive.
VP pick will need to convince voters he or she is ready to assume the presidency. Ryan has made a name for himself as the top Republican on budget issues. Rubio is a darling of the conservative Tea Party movement.
Afghanistan is the world's largest producer of opium, the main ingredient in heroin. Growing opium is a crime in the country, but it is still a major cash crop. The Taliban taxes poppy production in areas it controls, which is a major source of income for its military activities.
UK Supreme Court orders father to pay £120 fine for taking daughter out of school. Parents will now have to seek permission from the school and head-teacher.
UK's historical child sex abuse inquiry is to examine claims about Sir Edward. Forde says she has "no knowledge of any misconduct on his part" Wiltshire Police halted an inquiry into Forde in the 1990s.
Men who want to donate must not have had sex with another man in the past 12 months. This deferral period has been left in place because there is a "window period" after infection with blood-borne viruses.
The 27-year-old has agreed a three-year contract with Sarries. Clark made his Premiership debut aged 18 for Leeds in 2007. He has won one international cap for England, which came against France in 2015.
The Greek government's surprise decision to call that vote scuppered bailout talks with eurozone ministers. More than democracy is at stake - a vote to reject the bailout could trigger a "Grexit" a Greek exit from the euro. A No vote would formally cut the euro pipeline from lenders, and the Greek
Kevin Pietersen's claims of cliques in England dressing room are in tatters. ECB forced to deny leaking a dossier on KP's behaviour. Jessica Taylor unhappy with Jonathan Agnew's comments about KP.
The match at Old Trafford was reduced to 17 overs per side due to bad weather. Lancashire are bottom of North Group with just two wins from four matches. Warwickshire's win at Yorkshire and Worcestershire's victory over Notts saw the 2014 champions finish fifth in North Group.
Six Nations could be condensed from seven weeks to six. Welsh Rugby Union chief Barry Davies fears shorter tournament. Davies welcomes independent review into Wales' defeat by France.
The 53-year-old German was last seen on Saturday afternoon. Search involved coastguard helicopter, cliff teams, lifeboat crews and police. Body was recovered by the Sennen lifeboat near Land's End.
Work will see restoration of Grade II-listed chapels and lodge at Wrexham Cemetery. Paths, fencing and entrances will also be improved. It comes after cemetery won £1.1m grant from Heritage Lottery Fund.
NHS Employers has given the plan the green light after advisers said there were a range of extra tasks they could do with more training. Unions warned against using it as a quick fix for problems in the NHS.
Red Cross says evacuation of civilians and rebels from Aleppo could take days. 3,000 civilians and more than 40 wounded, including children, were evacuated. Buses and ambulances are taking the injured, civilians and rebel fighters to Idlib.
Militia spokesman said they had "liberated the base and destroyed all the forces inside" The town's mayor said some aircraft had been set ablaze. Most of the dead were soldiers of the self-proclaimed Libyan National Army.
Intergenerational Foundation says students are missing the bigger picture. It argues we're failing to understand the 'anglehold' of student debt. Former City lawyer Estelle Clarke warns we should be looking nervously at the vast scale of write-offs.
Ms Glass has been shadow minister for Europe and a shadow junior education minister. But her appointment has come during a wave of resignations by Labour MPs. Ms Powell, in stepping down, said that Mr Corbyn's position has become "untenable"
England host Scotland at Wembley in a friendly international. The match is the first competitive meeting between the two sides since 1999. Scotland captain Darren Fletcher says a draw would be a good result.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met Vladimir Putin in Moscow. He said the current state of US-Russia relations is at a low point. Tensions have risen since a suspected chemical attack in Syria last week.
Cheshire has been beaten in the race to take on devolved powers. Officials have had to watch as devolution deals were done with neighbours. There's a lack of clarity over what a Cheshire deal might look like.
John Morley, 29, is alleged to have carried out a sustained attack at the Chimney Corner Hotel in Mallusk. The victim, Derek White, was said to have been stabbed in the chest and leg. Mr Morley, is charged with the attempted wounding of Mr White and possession of an offensive weapon with intent
22,000-strong African Union force (Amisom) is funded by the EU. Last six-month payment was being withheld over 'accounting issues' Head of Amisom said correct papers to account for last tranche had now been submitted.
The pair are expected to be charged with financing terrorism. It carries a maximum penalty of 25 years' jail. The man was previously arrested during Australia's largest counter-terrorism raids.
3D-printed material could be used to build spacesuits for astronauts. US space agency needs to test it in space before using it.
Sheep dogs were assigned to 200-metre stretches of Lake Michigan beach. Half way through the dogs were switched to untreated sections. Gull droppings are known to be a source of E. coli bacteria.
The red kite was discovered by a member of the public at Daintry Wood. X-ray image showed it had 10 pieces of lead shot lodged in its body. RSPB said it was'sad' considering efforts to reintroduce birds to England. Bedfordshire Police has appealed for information about the shooting.
Labour membership has soared since the general election. Jeremy Corbyn believes most of these new members are his supporters. The hope of his opponents is that many may have become disillusioned with his leadership.
South Wales Police could invoke temporary powers to search anyone without reasonable grounds. Assistant Chief Constable Richard Lewis described safety and security as "our absolute aim" Between Thursday and Sunday there will be 6,500 deployments, including 550 armed officers.
Leng Ouch collected evidence to highlight how land concessions were being abused. His outspoken criticism of the government led to fears for his safety. In 2014, the government cancelled ELCs that covered 89,000 hectares of forest.
Tottenham beat Manchester City 2-1 at the Etihad Stadium. Harry Kane scored a second-half penalty after Raheem Sterling was fouled. Yaya Toure hit the bar before Kelechi Iheanacho equalised. Christian Eriksen scored late winner for Spurs.
Study says girls as young as 10 are forced to marry much older men in countries including Afghanistan, Yemen, India and Somalia. Save the Children says early marriage can trigger a cycle of disadvantage across every part of a girl's life. Chad, Niger, Central African Republic, Mali and Somalia were ranked at
Beth Mead has netted 11 times in WSL 1 so far this season. Sunderland have reportedly turned down a bid from Arsenal Ladies. Mead was tipped for a first senior England call-up.
William Boyd is the third author to be invited by the Ian Fleming estate to write an official Bond novel. Boyd's book will be released in 2013, the 60th anniversary of Fleming's first literary outing, in Casino Royale.
Matthew Morris, 29, travelled to hotels in Glasgow to meet the 15-year-old girl. He was caught after colleagues at the English Table Tennis Association reported concerns. Sentence on Morris was deferred for background reports and his bail was continued.
Matthew Oliver paid more than 1,000 pounds for the seed. It came from the current world record holder grown in Switzerland. The winning pumpkin weighs 165 stone.
McLaren have not won a race since 2012 and their last championship victory was in 2008. But Boullier said they and Honda can make significant strides in performance. McLaren have moved away from chasing peak downforce towards a more consistent, stable aerodynamic design. Fernando Alonso is happy despite the team's poor performance
All three and four-year olds in England are entitled to 570 hours of free early education or childcare a year. Currently, this works out as 15 hours each week for 38 weeks of the year. The Conservatives said the 30-hour offer from 2017 would result in more than 600,000 extra 15-hour free childcare places
Ms Wood said she would like to see the highest tax rate raised from 45% to 50%. She also said that she would be willing to put up taxes to fund public services.
Ben Watson will not need surgery after breaking his leg against Liverpool. Wigan boss Roberto Martinez said: "It is not as bad as it could have been" The 27-year-old spent two nights at the Royal Liverpool Hospital.
Labour has lost every election since 1950 and Jeremy Corbyn is no stranger to rebellions. So why were 500 Labour supporters in Chelmsford queuing up to hear him? He is bemused yet nonplussed by the attention.
The 14-12 victory over Glasgow means Munster are now guaranteed to top Pool One. Untoward Incident Review Group will convene early this week to decide whether Munster had broken concussion management protocols. Northampton were found to have breached rules by allowing George North to play on after a head injury.
Holyrood's local government committee is to examine how the payments are made. Returning officers have been in high demand in recent years. Almost £500,000 was shared between 32 returning officers in a matter of weeks in 2016.
Body of Malcolm Ballantyne, known as Malky, was found at his home. Police are treating the death as suspicious. Officers are trying to trace Mr Ballantyne's movements on Thursday and Friday.
Quidco has more than 2 million members in the UK. It says the average user can make £262 a year. But, like all cashback websites, its customers can face long waits for their money to start coming in.
Chelsea have sold Asmir Begovic, John Terry, Nemanja Matic and Kurt Zouma. Diego Costa has been told he is free to leave Stamford Bridge. The Blues have signed Tiemoue Bakayoko, Alvaro Morata, Antonio Rudiger and Willy Caballero.
Belfast Metropolitan Area Plan (BMAP) identifies planning zones for 40% of Northern Ireland population. Decision is being challenged in judicial review proceedings by Arlene Foster.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by six wickets in County Championship match. Jacques Rudolph and Will Bragg both made half-centuries for Glamorgan. Michael Klinger top scored for visitors with 52. Glamorgan now face Sussex in Cardiff on Wednesday.
The Whitesands project would see the creation of a raised walkway along the waterfront area. Last year an estimate of project costs put the overall bill at between £15m and £17.8m. The Scottish government would provide 80% of the funding for the scheme with the remainder coming from Dumfries and Galloway Council.
New website has been launched for farmers to find practical advice on TB. Five-point biosecurity action plan and poster campaign also included. Farming Minister George Eustice said "good progress" is being made to eradicate TB in England.
Iva Barr has been running marathons for "30-odd years" She took part in the first London Marathon in 1981. Ms Barr, from Bedford, tackled the first 14 miles of the marathon. She said she would "never forget" her final attempt at the famous event.
Labour says Kettering General Hospital could lose services. But the Conservatives, Lib Dems and UKIP reject this claim. David Cameron says Labour is not telling the truth.
Michael Johnston has been at the club for 15 years, serving as chairman for 10. Recently, he has faced pressure to step down altogether from fans. Kilmarnock looking to make Lee McCulloch their permanent manager.
Male domestic abuse figures are particularly high in South Yorkshire. In the last three years, police received 19,459 calls from men. 130 delegates from around the country attended the conference.
Ryan Ledson was one of four debutants as Roberto Martinez gave his youngsters a chance. Striker Arouna Kone played 90 minutes as he ended a 14-month injury absence.
Royal Ascot winner Permian was fatally injured after coming last in the Secretariat Stakes. Buick suffered a compression of his T12 vertebrae and will be assessed again in six weeks.
The election result could have a huge impact on who runs the next UK government. Jenny went to a youth club in Glasgow to find out more.
Shakespeare was appointed Foxes manager until the end of the season on Sunday. He has been caretaker boss since Claudio Ranieri was sacked in February. Leicester have won both of their Premier League games under Shakespeare.
Two of the girls were Somali teenagers who disappeared in 2005 and 2012. Separated children are children outside their country of origin and separated from their parents or legal guardian. The Health and Social Care Board has said new guidelines are in place.
Hundreds of armed police and soldiers are on patrol in Brussels. Public transport due to start running again from 06:00 (GMT) Five people have been charged in Belgium with terrorism offences.
M25 motorway closed in both directions near East Midlands Airport. Jet2 flight with 153 people on board alerted them to a suspected malfunction. Traffic was stopped between J23a and J24 for about 20 minutes.
Free-to-view channel Spike will launch on 15 April on Freeview, Freesat and Sky TV. It will also show Breaking Bad in its entirety for the first time in the UK. Spike will also be the first UK channel to show series five of The Walking Dead.
Haldane is considered to be the most cautious policy-maker when it comes to raising interest rates. Interest rates have been at 0.5% since 2009 and the financial crisis. The first increase is now expected in late 2016.
Leicester Speedway agree deal to keep the club going. 15-year lease has been signed for Beaumont Park venue.
Real median income of households in the country dropped by 1.5%. Average poverty threshold for a family of four in 2011 was $23,021.
Coniston workings are sited in the south west of the Lake District National Park. Volunteers are needed to help with conservation and archaeological survey work. Over the next two years more than 150 repairs will be made.
Yasmin Ishaq, who has supported victims, said Asian girls were also being abused. She said men who knew to be abusers had never been prosecuted. Ms IShaq told BBC File on 4: "The Pakistani girls are not going to be part and parcel of this report"
New England manager Sam Allardyce takes charge of his first game after predecessor Roy Hodgson resigned in the aftermath of the humiliating last-16 exit at the hands of Iceland in France. The 61-year-old wants to deliver a morale-boosting opening result against a Slovakia side that held them to a damaging goalless
Man, 22, arrested in connection with the rape of a teenager in a vehicle. The girl had previously been raped at Birmingham New Street station. Detectives continue to appeal for a Good Samaritan who picked up the victim.
Britain remains firmly opposed to any move towards creating an EU army, Sir Michael Fallon said. There are no plans for legions of Eurotroops decked out in helmets emblazoned with yellow stars on a blue background.
Two of those on board have been named locally as Kevin and Ruth Burke. They were believed to have been travelling to Dublin for a christening. A massive air and land search was launched on Wednesday when the aircraft vanished. Police said the crash site was in the Rhinog mountains between Harlech and Traws
The Pentagon said it had targeted Mansour because he had become "an obstacle to peace and reconciliation" But it isn't clear that the new leader will be any more open towards the peace process. Afghanistan has now completely eclipsed the former hub of world opium production.
Oxfordshire County Council has joined forces with HourBike Ltd to bring back OxonBike. The scheme has 30 cycles available to hire from seven locations around Headington.
Peace talks between the Colombian government and Farc rebels have been going on for three years. The two sides say they hope to reach a final peace deal by March 2016. They have asked the UN to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire.
Salsoul Orchestra accused of ripping off horn 'hit' from Love Break. US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said sample was too small to be recognisable.
The Welsh Government said construction should start by the end of 2019. The town's main street is used as a route from Swansea to the Midlands. Air pollution levels have been found to exceed national standards.
The king commissioned the piano for the palace from renowned maker Thomas Tomkison in about 1821. The piano is thought to have been removed from the Pavilion by Queen Victoria in 1837.
India's GDP grew by 5.3% in the quarter compared with a year earlier. Analysts were expecting the same figure for January to March. India is the third-largest economy in Asia but has been struggling with inflation and currency weakness.
The Z30 features a 5in (12.7cm) screen and a relatively large battery. Some analysts have suggested a deal could result in its handset division being shut down.
Leicester-born Lord Attenborough starred in Brighton Rock and The Great Escape. He also directed Oscar winning film Ghandi, which took 20 years to make. His career spanned 65 years and some of the stills reflect his iconic roles. Bonhams said the sale demonstrated the "many facets" of his long
David Montgomery was giving evidence for a third day in the trial of Ronnie Coulter. Mr Coulter is accused of murdering Mr Chhokar in 1998 by stabbing him. He has lodged a special defence blaming Mr Montgomery and another man. On Monday, Mr Montgomery was taken through his various versions of events.
Labour would pass a law that gives employees the right to a regular contract. Tories claim the move is a threat to jobs, although Mr Miliband insists it would 'absolutely not' be. Lib Dems would ban exclusivity clauses which prevent people looking for additional work.
Motherwell are close to breaking even, according to new owner. Les Hutchison has invested £650,000 and £380,000 in loans at Fir Park. The Scottish Premiership club reached the youth cup final for the first time in 30 years.
Charlene disappeared near Blackpool's North Pier on 1 November 2003. Police believe she was one of a number of girls who were groomed for sex. An appeal will be made on the big screen and inside programmes during Saturday's match.
Regulated fares, which include season tickets, are capped at no more than July's RPI inflation rate of 1%. Unregulated fares, such as off-peak leisure tickets, can go up by as much as the train companies like. The increase would help ring-fence the profits of "rip-off
The first six patients have already received treatment at the Surrey clinic. They had all experienced complex amputation-related complications. Veterans' healthcare remains the responsibility of the NHS.
The portraits include broadcasters Dame Esther Rantzen and Reeta Chakrabarti. They are one of the biggest projects by the university to create a more diverse range of people portrayed in its public places. The university faced a high-profile controversy last year over whether a statue of Cecil Rhodes should be removed.
Derbyshire were beaten by Hampshire in the T20 Blast quarter-finals. But coach Richard Wilson insists they will bounce back next year.
England's Football Association had put forward the idea of sending Great Britain teams to the Olympics. But Fifa said it would need the agreement of the ruling bodies in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Scotland's chief executive Stewart Regan has voiced concerns that a Great Britain team would threaten their status.
Drama chronicles The Boston Globe's investigation into child abuse in the Catholic Church. Top acting honours went to Michael B Jordan for Rocky spin-off Creed and Charlotte Rampling for 45 Years.
Pink Mist is about three young soldiers deployed to Afghanistan. The poem looks at the effect of war on the men and those closest to them. Meic Stephens took the creative factual award for Rhys Davies: A Writer's Life. Ioan Kidd won the book prize and people's choice award with his
England Lions beat Pakistan A and Sri Lanka A in a successful tri-series. Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond's 367-run partnership was the second highest in List A history. Former England coach Andy Flower has praised Duckett's form.
Collection includes all kinds of material related to the Indian matchbox industry. AE Matcheswala was an early matchbox label which started using sulphur. A number of Indian labels started during the independence struggle after calls were made to boycott British goods.
Cupping is done by lighting flammable liquid in a small glass cup. The drop in temperature creates suction, making the cups stick to the body. Athletes say they are using it to help with aches and pains.
A week of protests to coincide with the race began on Friday. Authorities in Bahrain were increasing security following a series of explosions. The Bahrain authorities have promised "appropriate security measures" for the grand prix.
Dockery will play Madame de Tourvel in Christopher Hampton's Les Liaisons Dangereuses. Janet McTeer and West co-star as ruthless former lovers Marquise de Merteuil and Vicomte de Valmont. Artistic director Josie Rourke says the cast is a testament to Hampton'
Hector Cuper has named his preliminary Egypt squad for the African Cup of Nations. Roma forward Mohamed Salah is among 27 names on the list. Arsenal's Mohamed Elneny is another of 11 foreign-based players in the squad. Cuper must cut four players to get his final 23-man squad
The festival near Dundrennan takes place on 24 and 25 July. New York indie pop outfit The Pains of Being Pure at Heart will play.
Paul Wilmott, 63, died in the explosion at his home in Haxby, near York. It was caused by the fracture of a corroded gas pipe, an inquest heard. One house was "completely missing" and others were left seriously damaged.
Lara Clarke, an amateur baker from the West Midlands, has baked a special Harry Potter cake. She has also baked the Weasley's flying car and the Hogwart's library.
Over 100 shops in the coastal town of Cumana were hit and at least one person died. Opposition politicians blame government mismanagement for shortages. But the government says the shortages are part of an economic war being waged to drive President Nicolas Maduro from office.
Investing Solutions received housing benefit payments over past two years. Charity, Fresh Start Housing, finds clients from London homeless charities. Neither the charity nor the company act illegally, but a homeless group says the relationship is "a new low"
Scotland beat Ireland for the first time in 10 years last season at home. But they have lost on their past nine trips to Paris. "It is a long time ago since we won there but we understand there is a reason for that," says coach Greig Laidlaw.
Campaigners estimate that the average Australian wedding costs around 35,000 Australian dollars. Qantas CEO Alan Joyce has publicly backed same-sex marriage reform. There is currently no legislative timetable for further debate in Canberra.
South Korean opposition party filibustered for 24 hours to block anti-terror bill. But they gave up on Wednesday fearing a public backlash. The previous world record of 57 hours was set by a Canadian party in 2011.
Here's everything you need to know about England's World Cup squad.
The Royal Mint has struck 2,013 of the coins. Parents need to register on the Mint's Facebook page. The coins are worth £28 each.
Shinzo Abe sends envoy Fukushiro Nukaga to deliver letter to Park Geun-hye. The two states have been involved in a row over disputed islands. North Korea also claims the islands, which are known as Dokdo in S Korea and Takeshima in Japan.
The Manchester United midfielder was taken off on a stretcher against Spain. Roy Hodgson confirmed the 34-year-old suffered a'severe twisted ankle' Carrick will miss Tuesday's friendly with France at Wembley.
Alice's family had asked for scope of inquest to include why Arnis Zalkalns was allowed to live unchecked in the UK. Chief suspect who was jailed for murdering his wife in Latvia, was found hanged. The full inquest, to be held in front of a jury, will start in June
AQIM's influence over other nascent Islamist cells comes from its wealth. It emerged in early 2007, after a feared militant group aligned itself with Osama Bin Laden's network. Its reach has also expanded across the Sahel region south of the Sahara Desert.
Kirsty Blackman found the toy rabbit at the Carriage Gates entrance last July. She tried to trace the owner on social media but no-one came forward. Mumsnet user said the toy belonged to her six-year-old daughter.
Magistrate Alicia G Rosenburg signed a seizure warrant for the "fingerprint on iPhone device" of Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan, of Los Angeles. It authorised officers to "depress" her fingerprints on the sensor. Campaigners say making suspects decrypt their phones means they are testifying against themselves
Celtic are bottom of Group A after two defeats from two matches. A draw against Ajax could keep them in the hunt if Fenerbahce fail to beat Molde. Deila says his team must go for the win against the Dutch side.
The 25-year-old joined the Dons from Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2015. Shinnie has made more than 70 appearances for Derek McInnes' side.
McDonnell, 30, will face Rosas on the undercard of Anthony Joshua's IBF world heavyweight title bout with Charles Martin. It will be McDonnell's first fight in the UK since he defeated Argentina's Javier Chacon in Liverpool in 2014. McDonnell won the WBA title with a 10th-
Mark Carney surprised many people by announcing a decision few had considered. Many officials at the Bank believed he had two options before him. Extend, yes, but for just one more year.
LCP was developed at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital and Marie Curie hospice in the 1990s to provide a model of best practice in the care of dying patients. It can mean an end to invasive tests, treatment or feeding through tubes that is deemed to cause unnecessary suffering at the end of life. Review expected to
David Miller's partially-dismembered body was found in his Northampton flat. Ian Cuthbertson, 49, Michael Hallett, 37, Joseph Catlin, 30, and Zena Kane, 35, all deny murder. Northampton Crown Court heard police forced their way in and found body. Post-mortem
Jury found him guilty on 38 out of 40 charges including fraud and ID theft. Prosecutors called him "one of the most prolific credit card thieves in history" He faces a mandatory jail term of four years when sentenced in December.
14-month-old tabby and white called Pumbaa was found bleeding in Peterborough alleyway. The stab wound was so deep the vet was unable to operate before he died. A second cat - Mischief - was shot by an air rifle in an area near to where he was stabbed.
New Zealand's Wellington Zoo said Lanky had arthritis and was struggling to support his weight. He had stopped eating or taking his medicine and was euthanised "in his best interests" He was the longest living resident of Wellington Zoo, arriving there in 1978.
A* and A grades were awarded to 26.3% of entries - up 0.5%. Boys overtook girls in top grades with 26.6% of boys getting A* compared with 26.1% of girls. There was a fall in the top grades for 13 subjects in England with new content.
A vaccination session is planned at the nursery for children who have not had the MMR. Last July saw the end of Wales' biggest outbreak of the infection in Swansea, which resulted in 1,200 reported cases and one death.
Macedonia has been in turmoil since recordings were released in 2015. Opposition leader Zoran Zaev has accused the government of wiretapping. He says the recordings reveal corruption at the highest levels of government.
Horse-drawn chaise post retraces route taken in 1815 from Old Royal Naval College, in Greenwich, to St James's Square. A procession to mark the occasion has also taken place in central London. Actors dressed as Major Percy and Commander James White have retraced the original three-day journey from Waterloo
Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi are accused of poisoning ex-KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko. Met Police barrister Richard Horwell QC said they had no personal motive to kill. He said the Russian state had "reasons aplenty" for wishing him "harm, but death"
Chancellor did, however, confirm a £50m pot of money to support the expansion of grammar schools. Head teachers said capital investment in grammar schools was "the wrong priority" Plans to allow grammar schools to expand were first announced in September.
Joyce Watson says some pupils are going hungry to avoid being seen to claim free meals. Labour AM says there is a mixed picture on the use of cashless payment systems. She recommends rolling out a system by which children have accounts to pay for school dinners.
Scientists hope with further work this could bolster current treatments. The approach uses clones of immune proteins taken from a rare individual. Patients given the highest concentrations were able to fight the virus for some time.
The 33-year-old was injured at Colchester police station in Essex. It is believed seven Essex Police officers will be questioned. The Independent Police Complaints Commission has started an investigation.
Anine Mariam Ouattara is a 24-year-old Ivorian entrepreneur. She says access to funds and training is sometimes complicated. Ahead of elections this coming Sunday, she tells the BBC about difficulties young people face.
Gillingham had agreed to sign defender N'Gala, 27, after he left Eastleigh. But rules state a player cannot appear for more than two teams in one season. Dover say they have been allowed to sign him following talks with FA and EDL.
Kane Hemmings scored twice in Dundee's 2-1 win over Partick Thistle. Hemmings has now scored 25 goals in all competitions this season. Dundee manager Paul Hartley wants to keep Hemmings.
Charity says people commonly associate Remembrance and the poppy with older, World War Two veterans. The "rethink Remembrance" campaign will launch with a video installation in London. It features four videos of young veterans' experiences.
Paul Quinn fired in from a corner for his second goal in two games. Rose drew level through a Jamie Reckord own goal. Graham and Schalk put the Premiership side in control. Ruari MacLennan scored his fourth cup goal before Graham settled the tie.
The Conjuring 2 opened nearly on par with its 2013 original. Video game adaptation Warcraft came in second. Crime caper Now You See Me 2 was at three. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles dropped to four.
Lord Lloyd-Webber is charging £25-£95 for his latest London musical School of Rock. Average ticket price for a West End musical in 2016 was £49.28 - up 6% on the previous year. Last year, he revealed that the physical running costs for one of his theatres were £38,000 per
Couple will present their idea at a space conference in Manchester. They will also have the chance to pitch it to a Dragons Den-style panel of space experts. App would guide people to safety using advanced maps services. Once activated, would emit a signal using GPS to indicate a person's location
David Miller hits three sixes as Glamorgan defeat Gloucestershire. Michael Klinger makes 52 for the home side. Glamorgan move to the top of the south group table.
This list is intended to feature some of the more organic fun. Rule number one: nothing miserable. The world was a scary place in 2015. Nothing in this list was created specifically to go viral.
Police called to address in Pencoed, Bridgend, at 17:30 BST on Saturday. Man arrested on suspicion of murder and is being questioned.
Said and Cherif Kouachi had been barricaded in a printing factory in Dammartin-en-Goele. The brothers had allegedly attended a mosque near the Buttes-Chaumont, an area of northern Paris. They came under the influence of a radical imam called Farid Benyettou.
Prince Philip has been married to the Queen for nearly 70 years. They have four children: Prince Charles, Prince Andrew, Prince Edward and Princess Anne. He has completed 22,219 royal engagements on his own since 1952.
Shoreline Housing said 52% of locals backed the demolition of the East Marsh blocks and Comber Place maisonettes. A total of 457 flats are affected and will start to be emptied in October. Residents will be rehomed over the next four years.
Timothy Mardon had barricaded himself in after hearing intruders. One man denies attempted murder and aggravated burglary. Two others deny aggravated burglary and wounding with intent.
No word from Swift on why she's taken the tracks down. Spotify meanwhile has released a statement saying that the company hopes "she'll change her mind" and return to the site.
Button said some corners "don't have any run-off at all" The main areas of concern on the new track are turns three, seven and 15. The pit-lane entry is towards the end of a 2.1-kilometre straight.
Arvind Kejriwal and members of his cabinet spent the night in the heart of the capital and are now conducting daily business on the road. Police clashed with protesters who gathered to join on Tuesday. His anti-corruption Aam Aadmi Party caused a shock with its strong performance in recent state elections.
Police Scotland made more than 2,100 arrests in relation to organised crime last year. They estimate 220 gangs are currently dealing in drugs, firearms, high-value theft, fraud and human trafficking. 122 people arrested in the last 12 months were described by officers as being principal players involved in serious and organised criminal activity
Gary Lineker, Clare Balding and Gabby Logan will again present. The show will be live on BBC One, BBC Sport website and BBC Radio 5 live. A limited number of extra tickets will be available closer to the event.
Armstrong was stripped of his record seven Tour de France titles and banned from sport for life by the United States Anti-Doping Agency (Usada) in August 2012. The father-of-five said his life had "thinned out" and "slowed from 100mph to 10", but added he would
Wales take on Russia in final Group B game on Monday. Chris Coleman's side lost their first game 2-1 to England. But a point against Russia would see them progress to the last 16.
British motorcyclist John McGuinness is one of the world's fastest road racers. His Honda bike and suit were fitted with sensors to record his performance. McGuinness' heart rate was much lower than might have been expected. The results were surprising, not least to McGuinness himself.
Wells came close to his first target last season, scoring 982 Championship runs at an average of 37.76. The 23-year-old believes he should have reached the 1,000-run milestone in 2013. Wells describes his efforts to break into Sussex's one-day side as "difficult and frustrating"
Local legend claims the rock appeared on Chapel Hill after villagers fought with the devil and cut off his foot. It is not known how the boulder gets back up the hill, but it was in its usual place when a motorist allegedly hit it. Buckinghamshire County Council said it had been discussing the future of the stone
67-year-old was attacked outside his Gateshead home on 25 January. Beautician Katie Cutler, 21, began a campaign to raise £500. But the target was quickly smashed and the pair have struck up a friendship. Mr Barnes intends to use the money to buy a new home as he does not want
Shares in the 80%-taxpayer-owned bank dropped 3% on the news. RBS said its executive committee would not receive a bonus for 2013, Mr McEwan has waived his bonus for 2013-14.
The 17th Century miniature was painted in watercolour on vellum. It depicts Edward Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury. The painting was bought for £2.1m by the National Trust.
The Welsh government puts £25m a year into supporting bus services. The Welsh Local Government Association (WLGA) said the level of cuts could be "devastating" Kevyn Jones, managing director of Cardiff-based bus operator New Adventure Travel, said about half the routes he ran received some subsidy
I will be taking a week off and then focusing on South Africa's general election. I will then return to the hard benches of Courtroom GD on 5 May. Here are a few questions that have been niggling me in recent days.
Female officers will be able to wear a headscarf under their caps or berets. Headscarf bans on university campuses and state institutions have also been lifted. Secularists regard it as a symbol of religious conservatism.
Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude said internet cyber security was a 'crucial part' of the government's long-term plan for the British economy.
Pauline King, described by police as a "reclusive hermit", was found at The Avenues on 22 February. Alexander Kerry, 23, was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court after he entered a guilty plea. He denied a charge of sexual assault and the prosecution chose not to proceed on that count.
Violence is the first in Beirut since the conflict began in neighbouring Syria in March last year. Follows a week of clashes in the northern city of Tripoli between anti-Syrian Sunnis and Alawites who support the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Syria, the dominant partner, had a large
11 care workers are to be sentenced for maltreatment and neglect at Winterbourne View. But a BBC investigation has found evidence of alleged abuse involving different staff members. Police have agreed the assault on Ben Pullar was "not acceptable" but said they would not re-open the case. Mr Pullar
Israeli international spent last season on loan at Hibs. The 27-year-old joins from Ashdod for an undisclosed fee.
Gordie Howe has died at the age of 88, according to reports. The hockey legend spent most of his career with the Detroit Red Wings. He won the Stanley Cup four times and was named MVP six times.
Private Infrastructure Development Group (PIDG) has built up a £27m surplus. National Audit Office has urged ministers to keep a closer eye on the PIDG's spending. Recent projects funded by the agency include a steel foundry in Nigeria.
Martin Foran, 71, served 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal. The Ministry of Justice said it only pays compensation when a conviction is quashed. Mr Foran says his ordeal has left him ill and unable to pay basic bills.
Carwyn Jones' spokesman said it would limit pro-EU parties' referendum strategy. Plaid Cymru peer Lord Elis-Thomas broke ranks on Sunday by saying move could boost turnout.
Jack Marriott opened the scoring for Peterborough United. Kieffer Moore equalised for Rotherham United two minutes later. Marriott scored the winner with 15 minutes to go.
Jules Bianchi remains in a critical but stable condition in a French hospital. His father Philippe described the situation as 'desperate' He said it could be the hospital to tell them that Bianchi is dead.
Axiom provides out-sourced legal services. It recently announced a major partnership with an investment bank. Invest NI is supporting the investment with a grant of £727,500.
Man dialled two taxi firms from the landline in the house in Luton. He hung up after being asked for his phone number, police said. A flat-screen television and other electrical items were stolen from the house.
Alastair Seeley unable to score championship points on Spirit Moto2 machine. Farmer now lies second in the standings on 145 points, five behind Tarran Mackenzie.
Office for National Statistics said the quantity of goods bought between April and May fell by 1.2%. Compared with a year earlier, sales volumes were up by 0.9% - the weakest annual growth rate since April 2013. One of the key factors behind the rise in prices has been the fall in the value of the
The Gambia branded the 54-member grouping a "neo-colonial institution" The withdrawal was announced on state TV but no other reasons given. Two years ago President Yahya Jammeh accused the UK of backing his opposition.
Kerri Imelda Doherty was supposed to see four offenders at least once a month. The men needed regular visits because they could suffer a relapse. Ms Doherty denied any wrongdoing but three allegations were found proven. A fourth charge of acting "dishonestly" was found not proven, the hearing heard.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker says process should begin "immediately" Several EU foreign ministers have urged Britain to start the process soon. But Philip Hammond insists that "nothing is going to happen at the moment" Hammond's position supported by German Chancellor Angela Merkel's chief of staff.
Until now agencies such as the FBI had not needed a warrant to use the machines. Authorities say they have been an important tool in fighting crime. Civil liberties groups have expressed concern at potential invasions of privacy.
Cuba was one of the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with The Gambia. Mr Jammeh, 51, is seeking re-election for a fifth term in office.
Hank was removed by dog wardens last month and taken for testing. A court in Belfast heard he had been assessed by an expert to be a pit bull terrier-type. It has been recommended that he be placed on the council's exemption register. As the exemption order was signed, one of
England defender John Stones is a target for Manchester City. New City boss Pep Guardiola is keen to make Stones his next transfer. The asking price would make Stones, 22, Britain's most expensive defender. Everton have no need to sell, but the possibility is growing that Stones will leave before the start of
Met Office issues a yellow warning for severe gales with gusts up to 60mph. Police have advised drivers to slow down, use lights and drive with extra care. A Christmas market in Magherafelt, County Londonderry, had to be cancelled. South-westerly winds were expected to reach speeds of 60
Teenager pronounced dead at the scene, following the crash in New Malden. The lorry driver, who was not arrested, stopped following the collision.
Joshua Fothergill, 19, and Liam Parkin, 19, died at the scene. A 20-year-old man has been arrested and bailed.
Shana Grice's body was discovered with her throat slit in her bedroom. Lewes Crown Court heard she had ended her relationship with Michael Lane. Mr Lane, of Portslade, East Sussex, denies murdering the 19-year-old.
Bristol City were held to a 2-2 draw at Newcastle in the Championship. The Robins had led 2-0 before the hosts staged a late comeback. City boss Lee Johnson was proud of his side's performance.
The system has already been used in some international tournaments by Uefa during the summer. It will be implemented in all ties in the Carabao Cup, Checkatrade Trophy and play-offs. A coin will still be tossed to decide who goes first.
Olive Cooke, 92, joined the Royal British Legion aged 16. Her first husband Leslie Hussey-Yeo was killed in action in 1943. For the past 12 years she has sold poppies from Bristol Cathedral.
Woman told detectives she believed Howard was trying to rape her in his flat. Arlene, 15, went missing some time later, in August 1994. Her body has never been found, and Howard was the main suspect.
More than 30 of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras' own MPs voted against him. The vote means the government lost its majority but is expected to survive. Eurozone finance ministers are due to discuss the vote in a conference call.
Find out all you need to know about the Labour Party in Newsround's 60-second guide.
England will play day-night Test against West Indies in August. Yorkshire keen to move one of their Championship games to Headingley.
Draped Seated Woman was moved from a council estate in Stepney, east London, on loan to Yorkshire Sculpture Park in 1997. In 2012 Tower Hamlets Council decided against selling the piece after strong criticism. The council said it would be positioned in Canary Wharf from October.
James Moore was due in court for driving without insurance, tax, L-plates and without a qualified driver. The 24-year-old then texted his solicitor to request a postponement. Judge Barney McElholm asked what was to stop Mr Moore dropping his driving licences.
Kara McCullough, a scientist at the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission, appeared to link healthcare to employment. But the beauty queen, 25, faced a backlash on social media. It comes as the Trump administration battles to overturn Obamacare.
Some companies will sell YouTube views, likes or comments for a fee. Most videos have genuine views but the website wants to crack down on the small number that don't.
China's Tiangong-1 lab was launched in 2011 as part of an ambitious plan to catch up with other space powers. The lab is currently orbiting at 370km above ground. A senior space official has said the lab had "comprehensively fulfilled its historical mission"
Chicken is the "first choice of meat" for most Africans, says Kevin Lovell of the South Africa Poultry Association. The continent's poultry industry has not caught up with the demand for meat, says Calestous Juma of Harvard University. Weak agricultural systems in Africa mean that feed often has to be
PM's father Ian Cameron died shortly after he arrived at the hospital. Mr Cameron was told on Wednesday morning his father was seriously ill. It is understood the prime minister will remain in France overnight.
Al-Wair, home to an estimated 75,000 people, has been under siege since 2013. Homs was dubbed the 'capital of the revolution' after residents embraced the call to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad in 2011.
Saracens beat Clermont Auvergne 28-17 in European Cup quarter-final. Chris Ashton scored his 37th European cup try in the process. Saracens now face Exeter in the Premiership semi-finals.
Legendary former umpire has removed condoms and pants from his statue. The sculpture has been raised to make it harder to reach the statue's finger. Other items to have been hung from it have included pumpkins and chip boxes. Sculptor Graham Ibbeson said the plinth beneath the statue would be raised.
Ex-chief executives of Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda, Morrisons, M&S and B&Q warn of price spike. Retail union USDAW has predicted average household could be £580 a year worse off. Vote Leave rejected the claims, saying EU membership has put up prices.
Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has returned to the club. The 37-year-old retired at the end of last season and has been coaching. Scholes says he is 'delighted' to be able to still make a contribution.
It was the school's 18th title, won with the help of some 4,300 participants. The results came in an armoured car.
The UK government cut subsidies because it is already meeting its renewable energy targets. Michelle Davies from law firm Eversheds echoed concerns of employers' group, the CBI. She said the Welsh government missed the boat by not doing enough when subsidies were in place.
Supermarket Morrisons cut the price of diesel by up to 2p per litre. Tesco, Asda and Sainsbury's followed the move with their own price cuts. The last time diesel was cheaper than petrol was 2001, according to analysis.
English held off European Indoor silver medallist Andreas Bube to win 1:49.02. Dublin runner Brian Gregan won the 400m. City of Lisburn club's Amy Foster was second in the 100m in 11.70. Ireland's eighth place in Vaasa meant they were 20th overall
1.5 million 18-24 year olds eligible to vote are not registered, he says. Miliband: "Today is a call to arms to all young people to register to vote" Leave campaigner MP James Cleverly says Miliband's comments will "fool no-one"
Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said it was time to "put victims in the driving seat" The CPS already has a right to review scheme in place. Labour said it intended to extend this to decisions by the police.
Herefordshire farmer turned potato trader into multimillionaire. Set up upmarket crisps brand Tyrrells and won high-profile battle with Tesco. Now owns Chase Vodka, a luxury version of the spirit made from potatoes.
Syria missed deadline to hand over its entire stockpile of chemical weapons. Faisal al-Mekdad said a shipment came under attack twice on its way to port. He described as 'absolutely unacceptable' US condemnation of the government's use of barrel bombs.
Maya Kantengule was found at the bottom of a swimming pool in May 2016. She was at a party at Waveney River Centre holiday park in Burgh St Peter, Norfolk. South Norfolk Council said people swam at the centre at their own risk.
Worcestershire end day four on 323-3, a lead of 48 runs. Derbyshire were bowled out for 275 in their first innings. Mitch Mitchell passes 10,000 first-class runs for Worcestershire.
Kaushik Basu says the "collateral damage" is likely to outstrip its benefits. The overnight ban on the notes last week was intended to crack down on corruption. Low-income Indians, traders and ordinary savers who rely on the cash economy have been badly hit.
Chris Maguire free-kick in second-half stoppage time gives U's victory. Billy Clarke had earlier missed a penalty for the visitors. The Bantams had been undefeated in their first 15 games of the season.
Melton Fields near Hull would have consisted of 510 houses and a care home. More than 1,200 people wrote letters objecting to the plans. East Riding council rejected both proposals.
Wales beat Fiji 23-13 on Thursday to move to the top of Pool A. A win over Australia will knock England out of the World Cup. Wales, England and Australia can all still qualify for the quarter-finals.
Hiddleston has been speaking about his first Emmy nomination for The Night Manager. He played concierge-turned-spy Jonathan Pine in the BBC's adaptation of John le Carre's novel. Speculation about his relationship with Swift that has been rife in the press.
There are 56 so-called legacy inquests involving 98 deaths. LCJ announced a plan he said would result in all of those inquests being heard within five years. First Minister Arlene Foster blocked a request for funding for the initiative.
Zafar Ansari takes six wickets as Notts collapse to defeat Surrey. Notts were 102-2 at lunch but lost their final eight wickets in 53 minutes. Surrey are now off the bottom of the table in Division One.
Reporters Gavin Sherriff and Darryl Smith worked for the Sunday Post. Mr Sherriff, 54, has worked on Fleet Street for 32 years. He rose to become the Post's London chief reporter. Ex-Sunday Express editor Robin Esser said it was once a "very important place"
The Barn Surgery in Christchurch was criticised by the Care Quality Commission in May last year. A new inspection in February found the practice had made a "significant number of improvements" The surgery is now rated "good" overall, the CQC said.
Singapore graduates are amongst the most ambitious in Asia. But recent concerns over the outlook for emerging markets are being felt here. Economic growth forecasts for Singapore have been slashed in the wake of a weakening global economy.
Pep Guardiola's side have a five-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga. Borussia Dortmund can cut the gap to five points with a win at Schalke on Sunday. Augsburg move out of the bottom three with a 2-1 win at Werder Bremen.
For the first time since world rankings began in 1986, the world's top three have missed the cut at a major. Defending champion Dustin Johnson (+4), Rory McIlory (+5) and Jason Day (+10) finished above the one-over-par cut. Casey posted a one-under 71 to
Once trained, staff will work with children, families and schools. Council wants to greatly reduce the wait mental health patients face.
"Flying medics" will be based at Caernarfon Airport, along with a new helicopter. South and mid Wales have had the Emergency Medical Retrieval and Transfer Service Cymru since 2015. Health secretary said it would bring critical care closer to people.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in jail in September. She was accused of plotting to topple the government in Tehran. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, has criticised the UK government for a lack of action. He said the appeal against the term was happening in "secret
The 43-year-old is ranked 39th in the world. He has done well on both previous trips to Troon, finishing tied 10th in 1997 and fourth in 2004, while he came third just down the Ayrshire coast at Turnberry in 2009. Westwood is the 12th shortest price on offer at
The 32-year-old right-back has been with Arsenal since the age of eight and has won nine league titles during her time at the club.
Archery, fencing, weightlifting and wheelchair rugby have also missed out. Cycling brought Team GB 12 medals in Rio. A total of £345m will be invested in 31 Olympic and Paralympic sports.
Gentoo penguins live in ice-free areas near Antarctica and make special circular nests. Their steam-lined bodies mean they can swim up to 22 miles and hour underwater.
Emergency services were called to a blaze at a croft house in Kilmuir on Saturday. When a search was later carried out a body was found. The incident was not being treated as suspicious.
Hospital radiographer Aidan McNicholl, 36, died following the collision on the A5 at Cerrigrudion on Sunday. Andreas Werner, 46, failed to spot the motorcyclist as he turned his VW Transporter right causing the fatal crash. The father-of-four pleaded guilty to causing death
Financial stocks led the way, as the momentum in Washington for an overhaul of bank regulations held up. The US House of Representatives is expected to approve a bill on Thursday that would undo many of the financial rules put in place after the 2008 crisis.
Allsop made his Premier League debut in November 2015. 20-year-old Cooke won the European Championship with England Under-17s in 2014. Blackpool have now signed nine players this summer.
Premiership Inverness CT 0-0 Partick Thistle 3-2 Kilmarnock Ross County Motherwell 0-2 Rangers St Johnstone 3-0 Hamilton Academical Championship Ayr United 1-4 Greenock Morton Athletic 1-1 Dundee United Queen of the South 0-1 Hibernian Raith Rovers 1-3 Dumbarton St Mirren 1-2 Falkirk Sunday's Celtic v Heart of Midlothian (13:00)
Earlier, Prime Minister David Cameron attended the main celebration at Cleethorpes. It featured an aerobatic display by the Red Arrows and a Battle of Britain Memorial Flight. On Monday, a flag-raising ceremony was held at City Hall, in London.
John Fell used 10kg of sausage meat and 1.5kg of breadcrumbs. It took him seven hours to cook his giant snack in an Edinburgh chip shop. The Ostrich egg was boiled for two hours and the meat for three.
Stuart Coffey, 44, transferred cash from Bracebridge Heath Medical Practice into his own account between 2008 and 2013. The fraud was discovered when Coffey left the practice and staff discovered the rent had not been paid and other invoices were outstanding. Coffey pleaded guilty to one count of fraud at Lincoln Crown Court.
Jose Riga spent three months in charge of the Addicks at the end of the 2013-14 campaign. Riga replaces compatriot Karel Fraeye, who was sacked from his post as interim head coach on Wednesday. Charlton are currently 23rd in the Championship table, three points from safety.
Hardie is a Scotland international who has never played an international in Scotland. He was terrific at the World Cup, his dynamism and cleverness at the breakdown helping to protect and unleash the rapiers in his backline. "It's one of the best things I've done in my life," he
The hashtag was adapted from an image used on social media after Paris attacks. It shows a peace sign with a Jakarta landmark in its centre. Another popular hashtag was #JakartaBerani, which can be translated as "Jakartas is Brave"
Hutchinson is involved in metal design and manufacturing and laser cutting. The jobs will be recruited over the next three years.
Marijuana is not legal in South Dakota but the tribe has been permitted to grow and sell pot since June. The 400-member Santee Sioux tribe already runs a casino, hotel and ranch. It hopes the resort will be a new revenue generator.
The Nevada State Athletic Commission (NAC) confirmed a one-off rule change to drop the glove size from 10oz. The 154lbs bout is considerably over the 147lbs limit at which 8oz gloves can be used. McGregor typically uses 4oz fingerless gloves in MMA, while undefeated boxer Mayweather has used
Mole Valley Council will get £21m from the developer if the proposals go ahead. Nearly 2,800 people have signed a petition against the sale of the allotments. Campaigners say schools and doctors surgeries are "already full"
Belfast Giants take on hosts Italy, Netherlands and Serbia. The winners will progress to final qualifying for the 2018 Winter Olympics. Cortina will play at the SSE Arena on Friday 12 February and Saturday 13 February.
Bay TV was set up as part of a government initiative three years ago. It has been supported by money from the BBC licence fee. But the BBC understands the station has struggled.
Togo play 'Team Keshi', made up of players who were part of his 2006 squad. Emmanuel Adebayor, who played for Team Keshi, pays tribute. Keshi was appointed head coach of Togo three times between 2004 and 2011.
A lady was knocked over during the theft in Market Street, Limavady. She suffered non life-threatening injuries. Police have said the officers were nearby when the incident occurred.
Man, 28, stabbed in neck, shoulder and chest at Salford Royal Hospital. He had been helped to the hospital by friends after being attacked. Police said it was a "brutal attack" with an unknown motive.
Russian plane came down en route to Russia from the resort of Sharm el-Sheikh. A group linked to so-called Islamic State (IS) said it bombed the plane. Russia has vowed to "find and punish" the perpetrators.
Morata joined Juventus from Real Madrid in 2014. The 23-year-old has scored three goals for Spain at Euro 2016. Arsenal and Chelsea had been linked with a move for the striker.
Researchers found a smart doorbell, a connected camera, a child's toy and a locator to help monitor children were all found to be vulnerable to straightforward attacks. The default passwords and bad security practices could have leaked data to attackers. All four firms have acted on the warnings, tightened up code and closed loopholes
Jean-Pierre Bemba was accused of failing to stop his rebels from killing and raping people. He had sent more than 1,000 fighters to help put down an attempted coup. The court in The Hague found him guilty of several charges including rape and murder. It is the first time the ICC has
Malala Yousafzai was shot by the Taliban in Pakistan in 2012. She continues to campaign for women and girls to have an education. We meet Malala in Birmingham to find out how her life has changed.
Chelsea have won the Premier League title for the first time in five years. The Blues beat Sunderland 1-0 on the final day of the season. Jose Mourinho's side had topped the table for 274 days.
Hamilton survived a scare at the start, when he ran wide at the first corner after locking a front tyre. But otherwise he was untroubled en route to his 51st career win. Rosberg can win the title by finishing second to Hamilton at the last two races of the season.
Lawyers will question whether PM Theresa May is entitled to act unilaterally. Leading the fight against the government is Gina Miller, who runs an investment firm. Around two million British citizens are believed to live and work in other EU countries.
Minimum wage increased from £6.70 to £7.20 an hour for workers aged 25 and over on 1 April. Seachill, owned by the Icelandic Group, is one of many companies reviewing pay arrangements. Workers at Caffe Nero, Eat and Pennine Foods have voted for strike action.
Riot police in Moscow were picking protesters out of the crowd at random. A court in Moscow rejected demands by Alexei Navalny's defence lawyers to drop the case. The anti-corruption campaigner intends to stand for the Russian presidency next year.
Hays reported an 11% rise in pre-tax profits to £173m for the year to 30 June. Its profits were driven by strong trading in Asia and the rest of Europe. In the UK, Hays said net fees were flat, with trading "more challenging"
Move mirrors an update by Apple in September that allowed ad-blockers to be installed as extensions for the Safari browser. Blockers on Samsung phones will have to be added in the same way. The new browser has begun rolling out for Android Lollipop or higher users.
Conference Board's index of consumer attitudes fell by 8.3 points to 59.7 in March. Research group primarily blamed the fall on the US federal budget cuts that came into force at the start of this month. Separate data from the Commerce Department was more positive, showing a rise in durable goods sales.
The boys lured their victims to a ravine and carried out a "sadistic" attack in Edlington, near Doncaster, in 2009. They were sentenced to five years' detention in 2010 and granted anonymity until the age of 18. The High Court has now given them lifelong anonymity on the grounds they would
During Euro 2012 and the 2014 World Cup domestic abuse calls rose by a third. West Yorkshire Police received around 110 calls reporting abuse during each of England's games in those tournaments.
Sustrans is calling on people to take part in the Cymru Travel Challenge. It aims to get as many people travelling healthily and sustainably. A study published in April showed cycling to work can cut cancer risk.
More than 100 officers executed warrants at eight properties across Oxford. Nine men were arrested and three have been released on police bail. Four of the five men are due to appear at Oxford Magistrates Court on Thursday.
Butterfield has a thigh injury while Olsson suffered a concussion. Pearson's Rams have six games in 20 days during August. Derby drew with Brighton in both league meetings last season.
British number one Andy Murray has flown out to support his team-mates. Kyle Edmund and James Ward will take on Janko Tipsarevic and Dusan Lajovic on Friday. Edmund, 21, made his debut in last year's final against Belgium.
The 25-year-old full-back moved to New Zealand Warriors for a world-record fee last year. Tomkins said he could not picture himself playing for another Super League club should he return to England.
Five first-half Wigan scores laid the platform with two for Joe Burgess to add to tries from Sean O'Loughlin, Liam Farrell and Sam Powell. Salford, who have lost the past seven games, scored through Niall Evalds try. Wigan move within a point of Wakefield Trinity, who stay in the
Catherine Seeley was abused after she was co-opted as a Sinn Féin councillor. She thanked pupils at the Boys' Model School for their "full support" Protestant Coalition group objected to her employment at the school.
Scientists studied the shape of cubes of sand squeezed by vertical stress. They found that the shapes were protected from erosion, while others washed away. The results were published in Nature Geoscience.
Met Office issues yellow "be aware" warning for Western and Northern Isles, Highlands and Argyll. Warning also applies to parts of Moray and Aberdeenshire. Storm Abigail could bring gusts of 60 to 70mph, potentially rising to 80mph in exposed areas.
More than 45,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer every year in the UK. Secondary brain tumours are usually treated with whole brain radiotherapy. But it can have serious side-effects, such as nausea and extreme tiredness.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard voted PFA Player of the Year for 2016-17. Tottenham's Dele Alli and Leicester's N'Golo Kante also honoured.
Taylor defends his title against South Africa's Warren Joubert on 24 March. The 26-year-old then plans to have one more fight before facing Burns. Glasgow 2014 gold medallist Taylor remains unbeaten as a professional.
The Dons made an offer for May in June but the deal was delayed. May made close to 80 appearances for St Johnstone. He has been restricted to just 13 outings in the last two seasons.
Authorities have been trying since May to demolish the old quarter of Awamiya. They say Shia militants use its narrow streets as a hideout. Activists accuse security forces of trying to force out residents. It is the latest intensification of sporadic unrest in the Eastern Province.
1,500 Turkish-backed Syrian rebels have gathered in the city of Gaziantep. They are poised for an offensive to drive IS out of Syrian city of Jarablus. Turkey has also shelled Syrian Kurdish forces nearby, apparently to deter them.
Ms Dugdale said she had a mandate to change the party. She urged former supporters to give her a chance by listening to her arguments. The Lothians MSP saw off a challenge from fellow MSP Ken Macintosh.
Artist Luke Jerram's installation Treasure City was unveiled in February clues were placed in paintings in the gallery. Beckie Allen, from Grimsby, found the replica ammonite shell at the base of a fence post. Mrs Allen said her husband and two daughters helped to solve the mystery.
Pte Cheryl James, 18, was found with a bullet wound to her head in 1995. Her parents said a dispute over the ballistics evidence could only be resolved if her body is exhumed. Coroner said he would wait for a doctor's report before making the decision.
Paige's body was found in a wooded area in Clydebank at lunchtime on 21 March. John Leathem, 31, has appeared in court charged with her murder. He was fully committed for trial at Dumbarton Sheriff Court on Friday.
The St Athan base is one of 10 being set up around the UK by 2017. Helicopters will conduct land and sea missions for HM Coastguard. Service will cover an area from mid Wales to Cornwall, Oxford and London.
The sport has been beset by internal squabbles in recent years. The latest row centres on selection for next month's European Championships. Two boxers selected by new high performance director Bernard Dunne were not rubberstamped.
Mr Haines, who was born in Yorkshire and educated in Perth, was killed by IS earlier this month. He had been taking aid work with refugees in Syria when he was captured. His daughter Bethany gave her television interview from her home in Scotland.
Laurie Evans provides late impetus with unbeaten 70 off 53 balls. Tom Westley made 61 for Essex and Ryan ten Doeschate was last to go for 50. Warwickshire will now be home to Somerset - who beat Worcestershire by nine wickets.
Mr Privert was appointed in February for a six-month term. He filled the vacancy left by former President Michel Martelly. Haiti has been mired in political crisis since the disputed first round.
The news comes a day after search teams recovered the cockpit voice recorder. Both recorders, known as the "black boxes", are crucial to discovering why the plane came down. Investigators have said it is too early to rule out any causes for the crash, including terrorism.
May called for better information-sharing and more thorough exchange of finance details. She said tackling terrorism was the "challenge of our generation" UK's partners in the Five Eyes alliance to extend "successful co-operation"
Trade union Unison argued fees prevented workers getting access to justice. Supreme Court found fees were indirectly discriminatory to women. Fees ranged between £390 and £1,200 to get a case heard at a hearing.
Sosha Makani's outfit was deemed inappropriate and against Islamic values. Committee chief said matter would be dealt with after Ramadan. Issue comes at a time when social media users in Iran have been voicing anger.
Vonn finished 0.70 seconds clear of Switzerland's Lara Gut. The American also won Saturday's downhill event. Vonn now has 73 overall World Cup wins - 13 short of Ingemar Stenmark's record.
London Fire Brigade said a rideable on charge in a bedroom in Southwark caught fire on 11 October. Earlier in the month, a device exploded in Morden. The cause of both fires is still under investigation.
Scotland face Afghanistan in Nagpur on the opening day of the World T20. Ireland begin their campaign against Oman in Dharamsala on Wednesday. The winners of each of the two groups will book a place in the Super 10 phase.
Tottenham host Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. The London derby will kick off at 17:15 BST on Saturday, 22 April. Spurs are one of only four clubs to beat Chelsea this season. Chelsea beat Spurs 2-1 at Stamford Bridge in November. Arsenal host Manchester City in the other
Matt Bullivant, 36, fell 4.5m (15ft) through the balustrade at guest house. He was hospitalised with a laceration to his head and a shattered right hand. Hotel's owners admitted failing to properly maintain the balcony. Troy and Julie McCann fined £4,000 and ordered to pay costs
Sir Vince is leading an online course on economics and politics. It will be available free on the Futurelearn online university network. Sir Vince had a close-up view of economic decision-making by politicians.
Labour-led authority needs to save £79m over the next three years. It said it had found the savings by making cuts in other areas. Campaigners gathered more than 4,000 signatures on a petition.
Harry Holland, 65, was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver in 2007. Stephen McKee, 25, was jailed for life but is now eligible for pre-release. Mr Holland's family say they have been let down by the justice system.
London-based company has lost momentum due to slowing growth in key markets, including South America and China. Currency movements had an impact on its results, most significantly the Venezuelan bolivar and the Russian ruble.
Many residents of what is the largest of the Chagos Islands ultimately resettled in Crawley. The petition demands the islanders' right to return home is respected. TV presenter Ben Fogle handed in the petition, which had been signed by more than 2,500 people.
Affleck is up for best actor in a drama for his role in Manchester by the Sea. The film is nominated for five Golden Globes, including best director and screenplay. Michelle Williams, who plays Affleck's ex-wife, says she "burst into tears" on set.
Announcement came hours after pirates and naval forces exchanged gunfire. The tanker was seized on Monday with eight Sri Lankan crew members on board. It is the first hijack off Somalia's coast since 2012.
Report said family did not speak English, but local authority disputed it. Reality Check looks at the rules around fostering children and what happens in practice.
A fire was started when the building was broken into sometime between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning. The museum is located in the Bogside, close to where some of the 14 victims of Bloody Sunday were killed. John Kelly, whose brother, Michael, was killed, said the damage to the building could have been
Drivers breaking the rules will receive a penalty notice of up to £60. In 2015, City of York Council was forced to pay back fines after a tribunal ruled the restrictions were not enforceable.
BMW reported pre-tax profits of 3bn euros (£2.5bn), a 27% jump from 2016. The car manufacturer also cited improved earnings from its Chinese joint venture. Here develops technology that feeds mapping information to autonomous cars.
Researchers looked at data collected from a large US study of working and retired female nurses. The healthy women, who ranged in age from 58 to 83, were monitored over the next eight years.
Scottish airline believes flights will attract passengers working in the offshore energy industries. The routes will be operated by 33-seat Saab 340 aircraft.
Esteban Santiago, 26, is accused of opening fire at Fort Lauderdale airport. He is charged with carrying out an act of violence at an international airport resulting in death. The suspect, who is in custody, told agents he had planned the attack.
US posted annualised growth of 2.6% for the fourth quarter. The figure was weaker than the 3% growth in the third quarter of 2014. However, the dramatic slide in fuel prices in recent months has put more money in consumers' pockets and allowed them to spend more.
Scientists have for the first time been able to carry out a continent-wide analysis of the water that is hidden under the surface in aquifers. The researchers say that there are sufficient reserves to be able to cope with the vagaries of climate change.
Patrick Bauer and Nathan Byrne help Karl Robinson's men complete a perfect smash and grab. Zach Clough then made the punishment count double with a brilliant free-kick. Charlton, unbeaten since Christmas, have now picked up 11 points from their last five matches to climb to 11th.
Tight-head Rae has committed himself to the Warriors until May 2019. Bhatti has agreed professional terms with Glasgow for next season. The loose-head has spent most of this season playing for Premiership side Melrose.
Ireland face South Africa, Samoa and Australia in June. Joe Schmidt has a long list of absentees from his squad. Among them is fly-half Jonathan Sexton, who requires surgery.
Heavy rain expected to last until Tuesday. Met Office issues severe weather warning for Wales.
Wimbledon was first held in 1877 at the All England Club in London. There are 128 places available in the draw for both men and women. In men's tennis you have to get three sets to win, in women it's two. 54,250 tennis balls are used during the Championships period
McGill's 904 service went up in flames just outside Largs on Saturday. Driver and passengers were uninjured. Woman whose partially-sighted mother was on board thanked driver.
Report said all UK cities would see a fall in output due to increasing trade costs. Aberdeen and Edinburgh were both ranked among the ten most affected cities. However the study said both cities are also among the best-placed to respond.
Mayor of San Vito Lo Capo appeals for help from "anyone with safe and reliable boats" Evacuees were taken to schools in San Vito, and mayor urged "friendly and generous" town to pull together. Temperatures in Italy's arid south have reached over 40C after months of little rainfall.
Bishop Treweek is the first woman to run a diocese. She preached her first sermon as a bishop at Gloucester Cathedral.
Laurent Gbagbo refused to recognise Alassane Ouattara as president in 2010. The former president claimed victory in the post-civil war poll. He was captured by French troops in April 2011 and transferred to The Hague. In 2015, he won a second five-year term with 84% of the vote,
Going digital has enabled organisers to send out invitations via social media, email and mobile. Event apps and location technology also make it easier for brands to showcase their wares online as well as in the venue.
Justin Tipuric's fine try put Ospreys 7-0 up at half-time. Dan Biggar's late penalty sealed the victory for the visitors. Dragons coach Kingsley Jones: "It was a clinical job by them"
India is no stranger to comical brand names, writes Moni Basu. But who are you to judge us? Basu asks. The history of these names is in some ways the history of a nation's soul.
The firm, which sells its Chevrolet brand in India, said it would continue to provide maintenance services. GM has announced similar plans for South and East African markets. It had planned to invest $1bn in India to boost its domestic presence.
The 29-year-old Scot has signed a two-year contract with the Gloucestershire outfit. Graham had spells at six other Scottish sides, including Dundee United, St Johnstone and Ross County.
Cardiff striker has scored nine goals in his last 10 Championship games. Neil Warnock says his management of the Denmark U21 striker has improved him. Warnock also feels he has improved winger Kadeem Harris.
Private Matthew Boyd, 20, was beaten to death in Brecon, Wales. Jake Vallely, 24, was convicted of murder after a trial at Cardiff Crown Court. But the jury cleared his friend Aaeron Evans of manslaughter. Vallely will be sentenced on 8 December and will be eligible for parole in December
Charles and Camilla were in Brixton to see regeneration work. They bought mangoes with £10 note introduced last year. Prince Charles also visited the Railway Hotel at the invitation of his charity.
Hundreds of whales have died at Farewell Spit, on the South Island. It is one of the worst mass beachings recorded in New Zealand. Locals and conservation department staff have been trying to save the survivors. Scientists do not know what exactly causes whales to beach themselves.
Scotland face Slovenia at Hampden Park on Sunday. Gordon Strachan's side sit fifth in Group F after four games.
Surrey beat Warwickshire by one wicket in their County Championship clash. Mark Footitt took eight wickets, including Jonathan Trott's 151. Footitt has taken 22 wickets in last three Championship home games.
The males, two aged 17 and one 19, were reported missing in March. They were stopped by Turkish officials and arrested on their return to the UK. Scotland Yard said they were all released without charge on Monday 8 June.
Dyfed-Powys and north Wales police forces ranked "required improvement" South Wales and Gwent police forces were ranked "good"
Government source says no options have been ruled in or out. Ofsted and Department for Education expected to deliver reports in June. It is understood ministers have approached heads of successful schools.
Moroccan midfielder joins Galatasaray from Ukrainian side Dynamo Kiev. The 27-year-old spent last season on loan at Ligue 1 side Nice. Belhanda made his Montpellier debut in 2009.
Paul Chambers, 27, was convicted in May 2011 of sending a "menacing electronic communication" He claimed it was a joke and wants his conviction and sentence quashed. Comedian Stephen Fry was at the High Court hearing, said it was "very important" for freedom of speech.
Swedish software consultancy Crisp does not have a single chief executive. Instead, the chief executive's responsibilities overlap with those of the board. The firm holds four-day meetings for all staff two to three times a year. It hopes to inspire other companies to emulate the "Crisp DNA"
Jet2 flight from Ibiza was forced to land at East Midlands Airport. Pilot was unable to check whether landing gear had deployed. Passengers panicked when smoke began to seep into the cabin. Escape chute then failed to deploy effectively, forcing some to run out.
Liam Livingstone is one of five uncapped players in England's T20 squad. Mason Crane, Dawid Malan, Tom Curran and Craig Overton are the other four players yet to make their debut. Moeen Ali, Jake Ball, Adil Rashid, Joe Root and Ben Stokes have been rested.
Musgrove Park Hospital said the cause of the "technical issues" was being investigated. Surgery was carried out on 62 patients with just under half reporting complications. The use of the mobile facility was ceased when the issues were discovered.
The "Freital Group" consists of seven men and a woman. They are accused of targeting refugees and left-wing groups in 2015. The female suspect confessed to carrying out the attacks, while the men refused to speak in court.
Alun Cairns said EU policies did not have a "connection" with the public. Under current EU funding, Wales receives £1.8bn in structural funds. Most of the cash is spent in north Wales, west Wales and the valleys.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was born in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on 1 April 1952. He studied in the US and also visited Britain "four or five times" during the 1970s when he is said to have spent nine months studying in Cardiff.
Statues are smashed using sledgehammers and drills in what seems to be museum. IS have released a video showing the destruction in Mosul, Iraq. Unesco has called for an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council.
Video shows jet-ski and canoe in flood water close to a bus stop. More than 1,300 shares and 114,000 views on social media.
Profits fell to £14m compared with £32m a year earlier. That fall is partly due to the costs of last year's serious cyber attack. The data haul netted email addresses, names and phone numbers.
CMA said it had identified 33 local areas where pubs would not face sufficient competition after the deal. Heineken, which already owns 1,100 pubs, must submit plans by 20 June or face an in-depth inquiry.
The industry said research projects have recently been neglected. Many production platforms were sold by the big oil majors to smaller firms. Aberdeen's two universities will be able to incorporate new technologies into their drilling-rig models.
Januzaj picked up the injury during Sunderland's 3-2 defeat by Crystal Palace. The 21-year-old has suffered ankle ligament damage.
Ryan Thomas McManus, 31, and Ryan Milligan, 29, were given seven-year terms for over 40 drugs offences. They will serve half their terms in prison and half on licence. A third man on charges died on Tuesday.
BBC asks schools to create a dedicated page on their school website. Then, on 16 March 2017, schools can upload their reports to their websites. Here are some frequently asked questions and answers about setting up web pages.
Team from Cardiff University has spent the last month excavating Caerau hill fort near Ely. It is smaller than its contemporaries at Pentyrch and Pontprennau and had been thought to be inferior in status. structures and artefacts so far unearthed suggest the fort remained important well into the Roman
Up to eight shots struck the passenger side of the car parked at Rossnareen Avenue. Two male officers who were in the car were not injured but were said to have been badly shaken. Police described it as a "mindless, reckless attempt to kill officers"
Some 150 people gathered outside the charity's former centre in Camberwell to take part in the march to Parliament. PM said the government had been right to give the charity one more chance. Charity has been beset by problems, including allegations of financial mismanagement.
Filipe Nyusi was the candidate of the ruling Frelimo party. He took 57% of the vote, well ahead of his nearest rival Afonso Dhlakama. The main opposition Renamo party disputed the result. It boycotted the first sitting of parliament since the elections.
Bristol City Council has been subsidising Park-and-Ride for 14 years. Tory councillor John Goulandris said money had been wasted. He said the council looked 'totally incompetent' and threatened to turn it into a 'laughing stock'
Some families will be almost £3,000 a year worse off under the new rules. Ministers say they are determined to tackle the root causes of disadvantage. The changes affect families who claim tax credits and Universal Credit.
Scotland's pay rate has fallen behind the UK after catching up between 2010 and 2015. Fewer Scots progressed from low-skilled jobs to middle and high-skilled. IPPR Scotland report said colleges, apprenticeships and work-based training had to concentrate on pay, progression and productivity.
Judge rejects Ahmed Ghailani's request for leniency. Charges related to the 1998 bombing of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. He was captured in July 2004 and transferred to Guantanamo Bay in 2006.
Kadeem Harris has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Wycombe. The 18-year-old has made 17 appearances in League One this season. Harris broke the record as Wycombe's youngest player when he made his debut in 2009.
After intervention from the Chinese ambassador, it is also now the litmus test for Anglo-China relations under the new regime at Number 10. The decision to delay is widely thought to have come from Theresa May herself, influenced by Joint Chief of Staff and outspoken critic of China's creeping influence, Nick Timothy.
Jamie Bishop was a left-handed batsman who represented Wales at minor county level. South Wales Police is not treating the death as suspicious.
Killing jihadist leaders is an established policy, although its efficacy as a strategy is not always clear. Most famous example of this approach came with the raid to kill Osama bin Laden. The dispute between al-Qaeda and Islamic State has now given way to fratricidal conflict.
The 30-year-old joined Wanderers for a second loan stint in January from Cardiff City. He helped the club to promotion from League One. Cardiff were out of contract this summer and he moves on a free transfer.
League One side were ahead after just three minutes. Williams netted from close range after a defensive error by Oliver Crowley. Bohan Dixon unlucky to see 20-yard free-kick tipped round the post.
Stan Collymore has withdrawn his interest in becoming Nottingham Forest manager. The former England striker met with owner Fawaz Al Hasawi on Tuesday. But he said he has now "withdrawn from any involvement" Forest are currently 19th in the Championship.
The "iPitch" at the Stobart Stadium was criticised by former Warrington full-back Richie Mathers. Mathers described the surface, on which his side won 32-14, as an "absolute joke" Widnes claim Mathers' injuries are more likely the result of the icy conditions the match was
presentation is being held on 22 February at Key Centre in Keynsham.
The 22-year-old has played for the Auckland Blues Development side as well as Northland in the ITM Cup. Robertson-McCoy is Irish through his grandfather, who hails from Mowhan in Co Armagh.
Angus Carpenter was found guilty of one count of fraud at Liverpool Crown Court. The 62-year-old played with a Hillsborough Justice Campaign banner draped on bagpipes. He was cleared of two other counts by a jury at the city's court.
In one case, an offender had completed just 16 hours in the 17 months since he had been sentenced. The Ministry of Justice said it was acting on the report's recommendations.
Coach Warren Gatland made the decision after the Lions lost the opening Test 30-15 on Saturday. The second Test against the All Blacks is on Saturday, 1 July. George North and Jonathan Joseph both start for the Lions.
Adele's single has been downloaded 156,000 times since its release on Friday. She is also set for a US number one, after selling 450,000 in 48 hours. The single's video has been watched more than 70 million times on YouTube.
Shaun Ritchie, 20, was last seen with friends at a remote woodland area near Strichen. Police said it had been one of the biggest ever search operations carried out by the force. There was no evidence, said police, that he had been the victim of a crime.
Durham Council's proposals would result in wage cuts of up to 23%. The authority fears it could face equal pay claims from other employees. Hundreds attended a rally to "celebrate the work of Durham's teaching assistants"
Ms Wood blamed the Conservatives in particular for claiming the SNP posed a threat to the future of the UK. She claimed "progressive" parties were offering a "collaborative" alternative to "combative" politics.
Norwegian researchers report that the sea ice is becoming significantly thinner and more vulnerable. Last month, the annual thaw of the region's floating ice reached the lowest level since satellite monitoring began. The scale of the decline may even affect Europe's weather.
Jahed Choudhury married Sean Rogan at Walsall Register Office. The 24-year-old shared his story on YouTube and received support. He said he had received death threats and abuse on the streets.
Cornwall beat Surrey to reach the final of the Bill Beaumont Cup. The reigning county champions beat Lancashire 27-11 at Fylde. They will now face Cheshire in the final.
It is the first time in the UK that "augmented reality" has been used in this way. In the app, the cartoon characters feature with the real world in the background.
Fifty people were on the First Great Western rail replacement service. One of the three people taken to hospital sustained serious injuries. The southbound carriageway has been reopened but investigations are continuing.
Adur and Worthing councils say the £69m proposal is not fit for purpose. Large-scale options were considered by Highways England, including dual carriageway schemes with flyovers. But the consultation focuses a mix of new traffic signalling and road widening.
Sepp Blatter and Michel Platini have been banned from all football activity for eight years. Pair were found guilty of breaches surrounding a £1.3m ($2m) "disloyal payment" made to Platini in 2011. Blatter: "I will fight for me and for Fifa" Plat
Square of megaliths appears to have been erected around the remains of a Neolithic house. Archaeologists have hailed the discovery "unheard of" The 330m (1,082ft) wide stone circle of Avebury was built between 2850 BC and 2200 BC.
Man, 33, arrested on suspicion of having a dangerous dog out of control. Dog, believed to be an American pit bull, is now in kennels. Woman, 22, suffered 'life-changing' injuries in the attack in Lincoln.
Devils beaten 1-0 by Nottingham Panthers in Challenge Cup final on Sunday. Andrew Lord's side have now lost three in a row. Devils are second in Elite League, two points behind leaders Sheffield Steelers.
Josh Hadfield, 10, developed narcolepsy after receiving the Pandemrix vaccine. He was awarded the money after appealing against the government. Families are entitled to £120,000 through the Vaccine Damage Payments Scheme. But only if they can prove "severe" disability.
RNLI to provide five or six lifeguards at Camber Sands this weekend. It follows deaths of five men in their teens and 20s from south-east London. Relatives have criticised the lack of lifeguards at the East Sussex beach.
Dyfed-Powys Police received about 30 reports over the weekend. North Wales Police said it was aware of incidents. Gwent Police had 18 reports, including clowns "peering through windows"
Anthony McIntyre was jailed for murder in 1977. Now an academic, he was one of the main researchers on Boston College's oral history project on the Troubles. The PSNI wants the Boston College material as part of their investigation into alleged terrorist offences.
Ecuele Manga last featured for Cardiff in their 2-1 defeat at Fulham. The 27-year-old is out of hospital and will be commencing training this week.
Helder Costa (Wolverhampton Wanderers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Jed Wallace scored Wolves' second seven minutes later. Medy Elito replied for League Two's bottom side. James Henry had a penalty saved by Cambridge goalkeeper Will Norris.
UKIP's Welsh MEP says he fought for members' vote in assembly election. Critics say he didn't do enough to represent rank-and-file in Wales. But Mr Gill says he has the support of the vast majority of UKIP members.
Frank MacDonald, 44, from the Brechin area, was killed in the crash. The vehicles involved were a blue Suzuki GSXR motorcycle and a grey Toyota Hilux. Relatives said the "much loved" father-of-three would be greatly missed.
damp weather has seen the numbers of bees, wasps, moths and butterflies shrink in 2012. This year saw the wettest April-June quarter on record and further heavy rain in July.
The prospect of extending bombing strikes into Syria from Iraq has taken on a reluctant inevitability. For the prime minister, with this, his third big foreign intervention, pulling together a wider plan to achieve real peace is a far more complex task. But by choosing action, that's a task he faces new pressure
Israeli security forces have launched a massive manhunt for the gunman. The incident took place in Dizengoff Street, a busy part of the city centre. It was not immediately clear what motivated the shooting.
Sony pulls out of selling e-books. Earlier this year, Sony directed its users in the US and Europe to the e-bookstore of rival Kobo. The dominance of Amazon's Kindles and the growing smartphone, tablet and so-called phablet market have made it hard for Sony to carve out
Israel said it plans to replace metal detectors with less obtrusive surveillance. It said the new measures would be put in place over the next six months. But Muslim leaders have called on worshippers to continue boycotting the sacred compound for now. Many Palestinians had been refusing to visit the complex as long as the
Welsh government to spend £47m on schemes to protect 1,000 homes. Last year serious floods hit north and mid Wales, and one woman died. Environment minister: "We know our climate is changing"
Chelsea lead the Premier League with 14 games remaining. Tottenham are second in the table with 50 points, just five points behind. Manchester United are sixth with Manchester City in third.
Cleveland Police dog was being exercised near Ormseby Stables in Eston. The German shepherd bit a 28-year-old man and he was taken to hospital. Cleveland Police has apologised and referred itself to IPCC.
The test investigates whether people can detect if they are talking to machines or humans. It is based on Alan Turing's question-and-answer game Can Machines Think? No computer has passed the test before under these conditions, it is reported. But some artificial intelligence experts have disputed the victory.
Hannah Miley, Camilla Hattersley, Robbie Renwick, Ross Murdoch, Stephen Milne, Dan Wallace, Duncan Scott and Craig Benson will travel to Brazil. It means that Scottish swimmers make up 31% of the Team GB swim team for Rio.
El Shehaby backed off after Sasson went over to him. The Egyptian had come under pressure to withdraw from the bout. International Olympic Committee said it was looking into the incident.
Brad McKay volleys in Greg Tansey's deep free-kick early in the match. Tansey converts a penalty after Massimo Donati had fouled Ross Draper. Ali Crawford was not awarded a second-half spot-kick for a challenge by goalkeeper Ryan Esson. Danny Redmond nets late on through
South Africa was ruled by a white minority until 1994. apartheid enforced a separation of races with its policy called apartheid. The apartheid government eventually negotiated itself out of power.
The technology can identify inside a living brain clumps of a protein called tau. Alzheimer's Research UK said it was promising work. The brain starts to die years before any symptoms are detected.
Johanna Konta beat Maria Sakkari to reach second week for first time. No British woman has won Wimbledon singles title since Virginia Wade in 1977. Konta takes on French 21st seed Caroline Garcia in third round.
The system was due to be switched on on Wednesday. It automatically sends meter readings to energy suppliers. The government wants every home and business to have a smart meter by 2020.
Four DUP MLAs wanted to introduce free parking for the first 30 minutes. But Infrastructure Minister Chris Hazzard said it would be 'extremely resource intensive' The assembly did pass a Sinn Féin amendment calling for a review of parking arrangements.
Activist says dossier was given by MP Ben Howlett to Lord Feldman. Lord Feldman insists he was not aware of any complaints before August 2015. Mark Clarke is the volunteer organiser at the heart of the bullying scandal. He has been accused of bullying, sexually harassing and blackmailing other activists.
Holyhead coastguards said a pump on board the boat was unable to cope with the water coming in. RNLI lifeboat crew placed a pump and towed the vessel to Holyhead.
The County Down school led 0-9 to 0-4 at half-time. Rian O'Neill top-scored for the winners with 0-7. Tiernan Kelly recorded three points for St Ronan's.
Cameras were attached to the ISS on Monday during a six-hour spacewalk. Urthecast intends to stream high-resolution video of the planet to web users.
Sarvesh Verma, 15, is the son of illiterate parents. He scored 96.83% in the secondary school exams in Uttar Pradesh. His parents did not ask him to study, but he has been widely praised.
The Stornoway-registered Louisa sank on 9 April as it lay at anchor. An investigation found the lifejackets the men were wearing did not function as they should have done. The probe also highlighted a delay in the rescue effort. Only Lachlann Armstrong, 27, survived after swimming ashore
infra-red imaging reveals more than 1,000 tombs and 3,000 ancient settlements. Initial excavations have confirmed some of the findings, including two suspected pyramids. Dr Sarah Parcak pioneered the work at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
Victoria Cherry, 44, of Fulwood, Lancashire, has not been seen since October 2015. A 43-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder on Monday. Police discovered the body at a house in Toronto Street, Bolton.
New Year's Day episode had 7.3m viewers, according to overnight figures. The first part of the finale, shown on Christmas Day, had 6.7m viewers overnight.
At Monday's event Apple sought to answer some of those questions in a way that satisfied fans and critics alike. Here's a cross-section of reaction to Apple's latest publicity extravaganza.
Hebridean Sea Salt will have its product stocked in Sainbury's 360 UK stores. The deal is the Lewis-based company's first with a major supermarket.
Councils are people's "first port of call" whatever the query, says LGA. It says customer service hubs in England and Wales handle 50 million calls a year.
Painting hung in Rokeby Park, Barnard Castle, since 1880. But it became damaged and now owner Sir Andrew Morritt is trying to find out how it ended up in Durham. Experts have studied it, but do not know who painted it.
There was fierce opposition from a campaign group over congestion and obesity concerns. The planning inspector said there was little evidence the "proposal would result in any significant increase in obesity" Say No To McDonald's campaign group said it was "appalled and astounded" by the decision.
Devon and Cornwall Police has announced a 73% drop in mental health patients detained in cells since January 2015. Dr Anne Hicks, who runs the A&E department at Derriford Hospital, Plymouth, said they had seen a sharp rise in evening and weekend cases. She warned the police policy was causing "tension
Former world number one hopes to play competitively again in 2016. He had back surgery for the second time in 18 months in September. Woods is now ranked 414th and won the last of his 14 majors in 2008.
Terry Yorath was the first Welshman to play in a European Cup final. Yorath's Leeds side of 1975 lost 2-0 to Bayern Munich in Paris. Gareth Bale will aim to fulfil the dream of playing in his home city.
The NBA 2K ELeague will start playing in 2018. Manchester City and West Ham have signed up e-sports players. Players will be given salaries and play the game as avatars.
The Sunday Times says the missile veered off course during a test in June. It was weeks before the Commons voted to spend £40bn renewing Trident. Prime Minister refused to say four times if she had known about the test. SNP's Nicola Sturgeon called for a "full disclosure" of what happened
Andy Murray has been world number one for the past 12 months. Novak Djokovic deposed him at the top of the ATP rankings on Monday. Murray is the first British male tennis player to hold the position since 1936.
The 26-year-old has been on loan at Villa Park since January. Sinclair joined Manchester City in 2012 for £8m, but was sent out on loan to West Brom in 2013.
Chris Froome won the seventh stage of the Tour de France preparation event. Fellow Briton Stephen Cummings won the final stage from Le-Pont-de-Claix to Superdevoluy. The Team Sky rider had opened a 21-second lead heading into stage seven.
Esposito was Presley's assistant and a member of his inner circle. He was one of two best men at the star's wedding to Priscilla in 1967. Esposito died of natural causes in California after suffering from dementia.
The wider FTSE 100 closed slightly lower, slipping 0.3% to 7525.55. Ocado shares closed down 1.7% despite the online retailer securing its first overseas deal. Old Mutual was among the biggest risers, gaining 2.4%.
Owners said it landed safely at Durham Tees Valley airport following shutdown. Had been due to fly to Bournemouth to take part in weekend displays. Lancaster has been returned to hangar and engineers are conducting tests.
Imran Khan, 33, is accused of taking the girl from Nairne Street in Burnley. Khan, of Pendle Street, Accrington, has also been charged with breaching a sexual offences prevention order. He was remanded in custody by Burnley magistrates.
Government figures show 59,090 households were accepted as homeless by councils in England between April 2016 and March 2017. This is 17% higher than the number made homeless in the year 2011-12. The Department for Communities and Local Government says it is investing £550m to 2020 to tackle the issue.
Daniel Levy has criticised 'unsustainable' spending by his club. Tottenham have failed to sign anyone in the summer transfer window. Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has backed Harry Kane to lead the line for Spurs.
Detour is a form of crowdfunding to bring a certain band to your town. You enter your credit card details on Songkick's website or app. If a sufficiently large number of people also pledge, then Songkick informs the band and its promoters.
Halo: The Master Chief collection will also include a new visually-upgraded version of Halo 2. Xbox gamers who already bought the titles on earlier versions of the Xbox are being given an added reason to buy the games again. The package will also includes access to watch a new live-action series called Halo
Social media is a powerful tool for sharing personal and professional experiences. It is also a great way to meet new people and network with like-minded people. But it can also be a lonely place if people don't know how to use it properly.
Home affairs committee chairman Keith Vaz claims their presence will fuel hatred. They are prominent "anti-Islamisation" campaigners in the US. Home Office said it did not routinely comment on individual cases.
Obama calls on Democrats to accept result and recognise democracy works. Obama declined to comment on Steve Bannon as White House chief strategist.
The cause of the crash, which happened on Saturday evening, is not yet clear. Rescuers worked into the night to find survivors. The train had been travelling to the Hindu holy city of Haridwar.
Glamorgan will play six out of seven games in Cardiff under floodlights. Quarter-finals will be played between 22 and 25 August. Finals Day will be at Edgbaston on Saturday, 2 September.
Police said the 41-year-old was arrested in Eton, Berkshire, on Saturday. She has been bailed to appear at Slough Magistrates' Court on 4 September.
Nabila Nanfuka, 22, and Laurene-Danielle Jackson, 19, were killed at a nightclub. PC Steven Neal told the inquest he was dragged under a crowd of people. Paramedics said they had to fight to get through the crowd to save the women.
The woman, in her 30s, and the child were abducted in Redcar, Teesside. They were taken about four miles to Longbeck Lane, near Yearby, where the woman was raped. Police are investigating whether the attackers knew the victim.
Carter has suffered with the condition for years. He struggled throughout the 6-2 defeat by the three-time champion.
Anna Swabey, 25, was diagnosed with a brain tumour aged 23. She met Andy Bell, 26, on a dating app and was given three months to live. The pair were due to marry on Saturday in the Yorkshire Dales. But Miss Swabey passed away earlier this week after her condition worsened
US markets mirrored those in Europe after ECB head Mario Draghi said the bank would expand stimulus measures. Shares in mobile payment company Square fell 6.1%. Dollar General shares rose 10.7% after the company reported profits of $376m.
The massive crater is filled with debris, household items and vehicles. It is just four miles from the Arena das Dunas stadium, which is set to host the Group D match between Italy and Uruguay on Tuesday.
Sullay Kaikai grabs a late equaliser to earn Brentford a point against Cardiff City. The visitors went ahead thanks to a 24th minute penalty by Peter Whittingham. Substitute Kenneth Zohore raced clear to score on 88 minutes. But in added time, Kaikai headed in to frustrate the Bluebirds
Gian-Franco Kasper compared the Holocaust to Hitler's killing of six million Jews. Kasper was discussing a proposed blanket ban on Russian athletes. The IOC board is debating whether to suspend the entire Russian team from the Games.
Adam Burton, 23, and a French tourist were caught posing naked on Wednesday. They were questioned over minor offences 'against morality' It is understood the men have not been arrested or charged.
Authorities had earlier said the warehouse contained calcium carbide, potassium nitrate and ammonium nitrate. China is the world's largest consumer of hazardous chemicals. Sodium cyanide can be 'rapidly fatal' if inhaled or ingested.
NASUWT teachers' union will hear claims that more teachers are using unqualified staff. 61% of members said they were 'working alongside unqualified staff' Labour's Tristram Hunt says "this is nothing less than a scandal" But the Conservatives say there are fewer teachers without qualified status than in 2010.
Woman had been out with friends in the Cowgate and Niddry Street area. She was returning home when she was attacked near Jawbone Walk. Police have appealed for anyone with information to come forward.
Labour will announce whether Mr Corbyn or Owen Smith have won leadership contest on 24 September. In June, 20 members of the shadow cabinet resigned, and one was sacked. Mr Corbyn told Today he would "reach out" to Labour MPs who have opposed his leadership.
Europeans are a mixture of three major ancestral populations. indigenous hunters, Middle Eastern farmers and a population that arrived from the east in the Bronze Age. DNA from ancient remains in the Caucasus has revealed a fourth population that fed into the mix.
Jill Campbell has run Isis Boutique in Malvern, Worcestershire, for seven years. She said people have been linking the store to Islamic State. Ms Campbell plans to open a second boutique elsewhere in the country.
Kate, who we are not identifying, told her story to the police two years ago. The case collapsed after another witness withdrew her statement at the last minute. Gordonstoun said it was committed to assisting the police.
Party to set up task force that will consider how to implement the plans. Mr Corbyn said there was "overwhelming support for a People's Railway" But the Conservatives dismissed the plan as an "ideological joyride"
Jeremy Forrest was jailed for five-and-a-half years in 2013 for abducting and having sex with the girl when she was 15. The pair spent seven days in France before they were spotted in Bordeaux. Her mother said she wanted to put the record straight about what happened. She has written
Ousmane Dembele is the third-youngest player at Euro 2016. The 18-year-old signs a five-year deal with Borussia Dortmund. Dortmund signed Bayern Munich midfielder Sebastian Rode on Monday.
Food price inflation was 4.9% in June, compared with 3.2% in May. Analysts say the latest figure reduces the prospect of interest rate cuts in 2013.
Oliseh took over at Fortuna Sittard two months ago. The former Nigeria coach has steered the club away from the relegation zone. He says the Dutch league is perfect for Nigerian players to learn their craft.
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 3 January and 10 February. Send your photos to scotland@bbcpictures.co.uk.
The VC10 entered service with the RAF in 1966. It completed its final mission in 2013. The fuselage has been transported by lorry from Leicestershire to Shropshire.
Roger and Mathilde Lamb from Pensham, near Pershore, died in separate falls. Mrs Lamb fell from a window of an apartment in the resort of Essaouira. Mr Lamb fell downstairs at a different building a few days later.
The balls are formed when pieces of ice get rolled by wind and water. They stretch on the Siberian coast for 11 miles, near to the Arctic Circle.
Guernsey are considering whether they can afford to enter the FA Cup. The club would also have to pay the travel expenses of visiting sides. They have been given until Monday, 24 June to decide if they want to enter.
No writer, director or actors are yet attached to the project. It will be produced by the brains behind the Twilight and Maze Runner franchises. Mary Bowen and Wyck Godfrey are on board as producers.
Glyndwr University is hosting the first meeting of the North Wales Cyber Security Cluster. The aim is to meet monthly to share good practice.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of arson. Hundreds of animal lovers have come to the rescue of the dogs. They have brought blankets, dog food and other supplies. A JustGiving page has raised £500,000 in 17 hours.
Just 0.5% of doping tests at 2011 Worlds in Daegu, South Korea were positive. In Qatar for the Pan-Arab Games, the figure rose to 3.6%. The research was carried out by Germany's University of Tuebingen and Harvard Medical School.
Vince has played three T20 matches for England, scoring 125 runs. Liam Dawson and Reece Topley have also travelled to Mumbai. England's first match will be against the West Indies on 16 March.
Singer Dean Owens knew his great great grandfather Ambrose Salvona was buried in Inverness. Inverness resident Judi Menabney came forward and offered to find the grave. The grave has since been found in Tomnahurich Cemetery.
The locomotive has also had its British Rail number, 60103, repainted on its cab. It is due to make its first run between London and York on 25 February. The shade of green chosen reflects how the engine would have looked during the 1950s and early-60s.
The 21-year-old has made 35 appearances for the north London club since making his debut in 2012. Tompkins was part of the England Saxons squad which secured a series win in South Africa earlier this summer.
Whedon revealed the name after footage of the latest Thor film was shown. Tom Hiddleston - who played villain Loki in the first Avengers film - introduced the footage.
Moco-Moco is a sleepy conglomeration of traditional thatched-roof homes in Guyana. It is home to 400 Macushi people - one of Guyana's nine Amerindian tribes. Amerindians may have been the first people to inhabit Guyana, but they are also among the country's
Snake died after it was placed in a freezer by the animal charity. Attempts to rehome it with specialist reptile keepers failed. The snake was later identified as a harmless green tree snake.
He was jailed for 56 months in the UK in 2011 for possessing indecent images of children. He set up an online site enabling him to arrange to meet boys. Was caught in a sting operation in Palm Springs, California, by undercover agents.
World Wrestling Entertainment is making its video streaming service available in China. The channel will feature WWE's major live events and original series. WWE joins a long list of sports eager to tap into a new customer base.
Twenty were airlifted to hospital and eight more hospitalised by other means. Police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling. San Antonio is a few hours' drive from the border with Mexico.
Sgt Mark Wright was injured while trying to restrain a man with knives. He was stabbed in the back of the head, close to his eye. Sgt Wright has been awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery.
Lanarkshire-based AG Barr reported pre-tax profits up 4% to £43m in the year to 31 January, on flat sales at £257m. The firm said it had shed 100 staff in a cost-cutting drive, with a one-off cost of £3m but saving it a recurring £3m
Police say man was armed with a stolen gun and they had been tracking him. They blamed the violence on a small group of people. Four officers have been placed on administrative leave. The wounded man's name and age have not been released.
Images of famous civil rights campaigners with the same string around their heads have appeared on Madonna's Facebook page. It's causing controversy with some claiming she's comparing herself with them. Madonna later posted another picture of Princess Diana saying "Yes Princess Diana was. #rebelheart"
Colchester came from behind to earn a 3-3 draw against Wigan. George Moncur, Ryan Colclough and Will Grigg scored for the Latics. Colchester's Alex Gilbey and Wigan's Yanic Wildschut were on target.
This will be Gwen's first solo album since 2006. Charli co-wrote the track Fancy with Iggy Azalea. There are rumours she's also written songs for Rhianna.
Facebook has been offering the service for its employees in the US since the start of this year. Apple will follow suit from January 2015. There has been growing pressure on firms to increase diversity in the male-dominated sector.
Shavers lost a 15-round decision to Ali in 1977, although he was a friend before the fight and has remained so in the intervening 35 years. The 66-year-old first befriended Ali in 1973, when 'The Greatest' invited him to his Deer Lake training camp in Pennsylvania to prepare for Shavers's
Eight of the nine rate-setters on the Monetary Policy Committee voted for no change, with one voting for a rise. The Bank rate has been at the record low of 0.5% since March 2009. A number of economists have been pushing their expectations of the first UK interest rate rise from the end of 2016
The Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians have waited 108 years to win a championship. The Cubs have not even played in the Fall Classic since 1945. Cleveland's last title came way back in 1948.
19 of the 24 bills in the speech will apply in whole or in part to Scotland. But opposition parties said the general election result meant the Conservatives have no mandate to govern. The SNP claimed that Theresa May was a "lame duck prime minister leading a lame duck government" Scottish Labour said the speech had
RSPCA criticised for prosecuting members of the prime minister's Oxfordshire hunt. Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP Simon Hart says "absolute clarity and absolute accountability" is needed. Charity says it was created to investigate animal cruelty and its various roles are independently run.
Google used astronauts aboard the ISS to capture the 360-degree panoramas. Some of the photography features pop-up text descriptions, marking the first time such annotations have appeared on the Maps platform. The firm said creating the latest Street View expansion had posed unique challenges. It took up to 24 such images to
Sea temperatures were slightly warmer than the conditions for spectators. The event, organised by the Tenby Sea Swimming Association, is expected to raise thousands of pounds.
Tucker will take over on 1 October, succeeding Douglas Flint who has been in the role since 2010. The appointment breaks an HSBC tradition of appointing insiders to the chairmanship. While HSBC is Europe's biggest bank, the bulk of its profits are generated in Asia.
Negotiators from across the globe have been reluctant to criticise the incoming US administration. They have instead opted to focus on the benefits of a transition to greener sources of energy. But the EU climate commissioner Miguel Arias Canete said that Europe expects the US to stay in the agreement.
Oliver McBurnie, Wayne Routledge and Kenji Gorre scored for Swansea. New defender Mike van der Hoorn made his debut for the club. Swansea face Richmond Kickers at Virginia on Sunday.
Man woke up confused in Manchester city centre at about 15:00 GMT. He apparently woke up in a confused state before contacting police. Thousands are expected to celebrate the festive season in what has come to be known as Mad Friday.
Air pollution across the UK is linked to around 40,000 premature deaths every year. The UK has struggled to keep within EU limits on some pollutants. Nitrogen dioxide (NO2) is produced by diesel engines and linked to respiratory diseases.
UK Police Memorial Trust has appealed for £1.5m towards its construction. It is set to bear the names of more than 1,400 officers and staff. The memorial is expected to be completed by 2019.
Whyte and Forsythe goals secure victory for the hosts. Crues on verge of securing back-to-back league titles for first time in club's history. Linfield had suffered just one defeat in previous 15 Premiership games.
ScotRail said it wanted to hear from "enthusiastic, reliable candidates" Train drivers' union Aslef welcomed the announcement.
The fund was set up by Mr Najib in 2009 with the stated aim of boosting the Malaysian economy. On Wednesday, US authorities moved to seize more than $1bn in assets related to the fund. Mr Najib is not named in the US papers and has consistently denied wrongdoing. But he is identifiable as "
Roedd Ashley Talbot yn 15 oed pan farw. Ar l y digwyddiad yn Rhagfyr 2014 cafodd gyrrwr y shag, athro yn yr ysgol, ei gwestiy gan yr heddlu ac
New law being drafted to tackle the fake paternity racket, RBB reports. Some pregnant immigrant women are reported to have paid fake fathers. In one case reported by RBB, a far-right sympathiser claimed to be the father of a Vietnamese child.
The financial services firm said new rules, coming into effect next May, could see fines soar to 20m euros (£17.4m) or more. Fines for data breaches had already risen, from 18 in 2015, to 35 in 2016, amounting to £3.2m in total.
Turin Shroud on show until 24 June, with viewings free. One million people have already signed up to see it. Some believe it is the burial cloth of Jesus Christ. Sceptics point to carbon dating that suggests it is a forgery.
In a new BBC Wales poll, 79% of those surveyed said they would increase charges for visitors from outside the UK for using the health service. But Mr Gething said such charges were a "marginal area" of NHS activity.
North Korea's claim of having carried out a nuclear test has provoked international condemnation. The news has also prompted reaction, particularly on social media. What can be done to prevent the move escalating to an international crisis?
72-year-old, formerly of Eliza Street Close, Belfast, faced 12 counts of child sex abuse. He was accused of abusing a 15-year old girl between 2009 and 2010. The 12-member jury had spent more than six hours deliberating.
Scottish government said it held more than 50 meetings during the consultation. No To Named Persons group mounted a legal challenge against the scheme. The Supreme Court ruled elements of the policy to be 'incompatible' with the right to privacy and family life.
Browning made nine appearances for Everton's Under 21 side. The 22-year-old missed the end of last season with a knee injury.
Pupils from Aberdeen Children of the 1950s have been contacted. They have been asked to take part in the Scottish Family Health Study. It aims to investigate why diseases such as cancer can run in families.
At least 15,000 ethnic Chinese turned out in Paris's Place de la Republique to vent their insecurity. They say they have reached breaking point after the death of Zhang Chaolin in August. Activists say at least 100 attacks against Chinese nationals were reported in the first seven months of this year.
The S&P 500 climbed 8.7 points to 2,049.29, as it ended the day above where it had closed at the end of 2015. The tech-based Nasdaq rose by 20.66 points to 4,795.65.
Daimler predicted that its full-year sales would be "significantly more than 100bn euros" Sales of Mercedes in China slowed with sales up 8% compared with growth of 82% in the previous quarter.
Iran has been muted in its criticisms of Syria, its most important ally in the region. Shia Iran is regarded with suspicion by its Sunni Arab neighbours.
Sales were 8% lower, despite the release of a Mario Kart game in May. Firm did not alter its prediction of a return to full-year profit. Nintendo originally forecast it would sell nine million Wii Us in its last financial year.
Nahki Wells scores the only goal of the game in the 85th minute. Burton slip to 21st, two points clear of the drop zone, as they lose for the third time in five games. Huddersfield remain nine points adrift of current leaders Brighton.
Gaffes include a misspelt road marking outside a school in Chester. The markings were hastily corrected, at no cost to the council. Other gaffes include double yellow lines in Cardiff and road signs in Leeds.
Khalil Dale, 60, was abducted in Quetta in January 2012. He was found dead on a roadside a few months later. A note next to his body said he was killed because a ransom had not been paid.
Bartoli said she was taking the decision with immediate effect because of persistent injuries. She made the tearful announcement at a media conference following defeat by Simona Halep at the Western and Southern Open in Cincinnati. The 2007 Wimbledon runner-up had won her first Grand Slam at the 47th attempt.
SP Manweb is set to put up 18 pylons linking two wind farms in Clocaenog Forest with a substation at Glascoed, near St Asaph. The plans were approved by Energy Secretary Greg Clark last year.
Hangzhou Internet Court heard its first case on Friday via video-link. The court's focus will be civil cases, including online shopping disputes. In 2016, China began streaming some trials in more traditional courtrooms online.
The deal will see the firm taken over by holding company Cheil Industries, another part of the Samsung group. The merger is strongly opposed by some of Samsung C&T's shareholders, led by US hedge fund Elliott Associates.
The Conservative-run council plans to sell it and use the money for heritage schemes. The Liberal Democrat group said this has been challenged by them. Council said the statue's value made it too expensive to insure and secure.
Yorkshire will play an XI in Abu Dhabi in the traditional four-day curtain-raiser. The Championship begins on 12 April, with promoted Hampshire facing Sussex. NatWest T20 Blast starts on 15 May and the Royal London One-Day Cup on 25 July.
Ming Jiang, 43, was in debt and being chased by creditors, jury told. Mr Jiang's friend and fellow Chinese national Yang Liu, 36, could afford to gamble. It is alleged Mr Jiang dumped the suitcase in a remote Derbyshire lay-by. He denies murder at Minshull Street
Mr Reckless held talks with Andrew RT Davies, leader of the Welsh Conservatives. Announcement is due on Thursday which would see him join Tory group in Cardiff Bay. There is resistance to re-admitting him following his defection to UKIP.
Navalny could now be barred from running in the Moscow mayoral election. He joins a growing list of opponents of President Vladimir Putin who have ended up on the wrong side of the law or in exile.
Rangers beat Queen of the South 3-1 in their Scottish Championship clash. Andy Halliday, Jason Holt and Barrie McKay scored for the visitors. Derek Lyle was sent off for the home side.
Uganda's defence chief Gen Katumba Wamala told the press that all soldiers should be out by 1 November. Tens of thousands of people have died since the civil war began in 2013. Rebel leader Gen Johnson Oloni said he might resume fighting because of President Salva Kiir's recent decree creating
The Association of Air Ambulances estimated that 800 lives could be saved each year because of this and other relief schemes. The £5m was announced as part of the autumn statement but details of how it would be divided has only just been revealed.
Guy Bridge, 16, completed the lap on Thursday in two hours, 32 minutes and 25 seconds. His mother, Steph Bridge, claimed the spot for the fastest female in three hours, three minutes and 24 seconds.
Steve Sidwell is hoping to sign a new contract at Brighton. The 34-year-old has helped the Seagulls achieve promotion to the Premier League. Brighton are four points clear at the top of the Championship.
Mary Burrows, who was chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr health board, moved from Colwyn Bay, Conwy county, to London two months ago. She is staying with her son while she receives treatment for breast cancer. A £200m-a-year cancer drug fund was set up in England
Grimsby pressed to break the deadlock when Pat Hoban struck from range. Darren Carter came close for the hosts but hit the side netting. Disley headed home to seal three points with 19 minutes left.
Model was built by Dr Robert Krickl from nearly 40,000 balls and 10km of sticks. World record attempt will be adjudicated by Guinness Book of Records on 23 November.
Kenneth Starr said Bill Clinton should be a prime asset to his wife Hillary. Part of it stems from what became the focus of Starr's inquiry, Bill Clinton's womanising. Hillary as loyal "stand-by-your-man" wife does not marry that well with Hillary as feminist trailblazer
The proposal concerns routes that make up the Belfast Rapid Transit plan. Currently bus lanes in Belfast run from 07:30 until 09:30. Under the proposals this would be extended from 07:00 to 19:00.
Britain has a unique opportunity to bring the US and Europe together. But the election of Donald Trump risks doing just that. It risks driving a wedge between Britain and the EU just when both sides need it least.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff said Todt and Ecclestone refused to revert to the 2015 system. A new aggregate system proposed by the FIA will be discussed again next week. Lewis Hamilton qualified fastest for Sunday's race in Bahrain.
Mark Allen beat John Higgins 6-5 in a dramatic first-round match at Alexandra Palace. Scot Higgins missed a black off the spot when on course to win the deciding frame, allowing Northern Irishman Allen in to make a 44 and take the match. Earlier, Perry made two centuries against Bingham, who became a
Russian state TV says Kiev is using psychological attacks on its own people. It says pro-Russian gunmen in Ukraine are presented as local people fighting for their rights. Ukrainian TV channels have been supportive of what they see as the Kiev authorities' efforts to rein in separatists.
Worcestershire closed day three of their Championship match against Leicestershire on 172-2. The visitors had resumed on 193-7, still needing 65 to make the visitors bat again. Joe Leach (90) and Ed Barnard (42) put on 100 to help Worcestershire post 349. Leach then claimed two wickets to leave Leicestershire wobbling
Mr Shah was an Ahmadiyya, a group known for its peaceful interfaith concerns. He died after an attack outside his shop on 24 March. Murder accused Tanveer Ahmed, 32, from Bradford, later said he killed the 40-year-old.
Spotify has more than 60 million regular users across 58 countries. It says about 20% pay for its premium ad-free subscription services. The new offerings include news bulletins from National Public Radio, the BBC and others.
Liverpool snatched a deserved draw with Arsenal thanks to Joe Allen's late equaliser. Mignolet struggled as the Reds twice gave away the lead in a thrilling 3-3 draw with the Premier League leaders. The Belgium goalkeeper, 27, is set to sign a new five-year contract.
PM was flying from London to Portugal on budget airline. He was seen chomping on the snack on board the Easyjet flight. Fellow passenger Ashleigh tweeted: 'Guys I'm crying he was eating Pringles'
Pierre Cornlouer spent 30 years in the Navy, serving in the Falklands, Gulf and Bosnia. He wrote The Adventures of Mrs Orangeleaf to explain to his daughter what life was like for servicemen. An animation of it is narrated by Simon Weston and voiced by 40 other veterans. Armed Forces Covenant
The 23-year-old needed 6,200 points for Olympic qualification and achieved it with ease in Austria. World silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton defended her title, setting a world-leading 6,765-points total. Johnson-Thompson, the 2014 champion, was second overall after setting three personal best
There are limits to how far authenticity can take a politician, says Simon Hooper. Hooper: In Europe some insurgent politicians have broken through. He says some politicians try to connect with voters by emoting in public.
The 22-year-old has signed a five-year deal at St Mary's. Redmond left Norwich for £3.2m in July 2013. The England Under-21 international made 122 appearances for Norwich.
UKIP activists in north Wales write to party's national executive committee. They claim Michelle Brown has been 'abrasive and discourteous' to them. But UKIP chairman Paul Oakden says the letter did not follow proper process.
Four US tourists and an Australian pilot died after their light plane came down on Tuesday. It had just taken off from the small Essendon Airport, which reopened on Thursday. Safety officials said they would investigate with "an open mind" and make a preliminary report next month. The victims were pilot Max Quarter
Heinrich Boere, who is in a wheelchair, was taken by ambulance from his nursing home. He was sentenced in March 2010 after confessing to the 1944 killings. During his trial, Boere had admitted to the killings, but said he had been acting on orders.
Riham Dawabsha suffered severe burns to 90% of her body in the July attack. Her 18-month-old son, Ali, died during the attack while her husband, Saad, succumbed to his injuries. So far no suspects have been arrested.
CNN's Richard Quest looks back at the 22-year rule of Recep Tayyip Erdogan. The Turkish president has ruled the country with an iron fist since he was elected in 2010. Quest takes a look at some of the key moments in Erdogan's rule.
Survey for Lloyds Bank suggests a third of people applying for loans want to put all their debts in one place. The bank said 84% of borrowers were confident about making future repayments. People should also consider how they would repay if they had a significant change in their life.
Police said the attackers entered the property on Craigmillar Castle Road. A 38-year-old man suffered serious, but non-life threatening, facial injuries. The second victim, aged 49, did not need medical attention.
Harry Kane scored twice in Tottenham's 3-0 win over Norwich on Saturday. He has now scored 27 league goals in 2015 - breaking Teddy Sheringham's record. But Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino insists there is 'no price' for the striker.
The Arches nightclub in Glasgow has gone into administration. Management said they had no choice after midnight closing time. It followed police complaints about drug abuse and disorder.
Lonmin will use the cash raised to help secure $370m (£246m) in bank loans. The company urged shareholders to approve the cash call, saying the injection was crucial to its survival. Platinum prices have fallen by about 22% in the last year.
Mani Dad was living with his Polish mother Leyla Dad in Kielce, Poland. He is thought to be in the UK with his British father, property dealer Zayn Dean. Ms Dad, 33, said Costa coffee shops were among Mani's favourite haunts.
29-year-old has played for Exeter Chiefs and Rotherham. Cornish Pirates are sixth in the Championship with two games to go.
Knaresborough station, in North Yorkshire, is being made watertight. The chimney stack on the signal box is being removed and rebuilt. Work on the platform canopy is to be carried out at night.
Torquay United secured their National League status with a win over North Ferriby United. Aman Verma scored the only goal of the game in the 58th minute. Myles Anderson scored two minutes from time to ensure the Gulls' survival.
UK voted to leave the EU by 52% to 48% in the referendum on 23 June. The online petition gained more signatures than any other on the parliamentary website. It had been set up by William Oliver Healey ahead of the referendum.
John Leathem stabbed the 15-year-old 61 times after she stopped at his delicatessen. Leathem admitted her murder and claimed to have "panicked" Paige's body was found in woods in March last year.
Independent Lutfur Rahman was elected for a second term in May 2014. Four voters allege he committed electoral fraud at the Election Court. They want the poll declared void and rerun. Mr Rahman's lawyer said the claims were a "mixture of unfounded and false allegations"
The annual Roald Dahl Funny Prize is to be relaunched in 2016. Set up by former laureate Michael Rosen in 2008, the prize is intended to reward authors and artists of humorous children's books. A spokesman for the Dahl Literary Estate said they looked forward to making the prize "even more impactful"
Abas Abdullahi Sheikh was Somalia's youngest MP and a minister. Police say security forces on patrol opened fire on his car accidentally. President orders security chiefs to "get to the bottom of this unfortunate tragedy" Several people have been arrested, but did not give details.
Ward was on loan with Huddersfield from Liverpool in the Championship. The 23-year-old's saves helped them beat Sheffield in the semi-final and Reading in the play-off final. Ward and his Wales team-mates are preparing for Sunday's 2018 World Cup Pool D qualifier against Serbia.
Body was found near Heanor Memorial Park in Derbyshire. Police originally thought the man was 17-year-old Han Lan. Now believe it might be a 21-year old man named Trung Thanh Hoang.
888-405-7720 888-405-7720 888-405-7720
Man and woman detained by counter-terrorism officers in Reading and Wokingham. The pair, believed to be friends, were taken to a police station for questioning. West Midlands Police said the suspects did not pose any imminent threat.
The inquiry will last at least two years and cost up to $53.8m (£30.8m) Young indigenous women in Canada were five times more likely to die under violent circumstances than non-Aboriginal women. The investigation is expected to focus on the systemic causes of violence against indigenous women as well as recommendations on prevention
Fawzi al-Odah, 37, was released after a US review panel concluded he was not a 'continuing significant threat' He had been at the US facility in Cuba since 2002 after his arrest in Pakistan. He had challenged America's right to detain him in the US Supreme Court.
The move comes after faulty Poly Implant Proth se (PIP) silicone breast implants were recalled in 2010. The inclusion of individual patients' details will not be mandatory. All providers of breast implant surgery will be expected to participate in the scheme.
The robot, made by Knightscope, was spotted by passers-by. The incident seemed to sum up the state of 21st Century technology. It is not the first accident involving Knightscope's patrolling robots.
It allegedly took place as the girl was leaving the Ashton Court Estate. Police want to speak to a man aged between 25 to 30 with short black hair.
If you want to be a part of making games, make games today, and finish them. As many as you can. Show them to everyone you can and learn from everything you do wrong, which when you start off, will be almost everything.
Spaniard's first Grand Tour stage win for Movistar and first at this year's Giro. Team Sky's Geraint Thomas is second, six seconds behind Jungels. Adam Yates is third, 10 seconds behind the leader.
The weaker value of the pound since the referendum vote means that the UK is now a much cheaper destination than it used to be. Many mainland Europeans, Americans and Chinese people are taking advantage of that. VisitBritain forecasts there'll be a 6% rise in the number of international visitors in 2017.
Ibrahim Halawa has been detained in an Egyptian prison for more than three years. His trial was adjourned for a 17th time on Tuesday. Charlie Flanagan said the government's focus was on supporting an application for Mr Halawa to be deported.
The shop said "confused" callers had started contacting them on Friday. TalkTalk said this incident is not related to the telecoms firm. The case is being assessed by the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau.
Ched Evans retrial jury was allowed to hear details about sexual history. MP Liz Saville Roberts will introduce private members' bill on Wednesday. It aims to give victims more confidence in coming forward to report rape.
Durrant spent last season in charge of the Under-20 development squad. He will not return for pre-season training at Ibrox.
Arsenal beat Notts County in the last eight on Friday. Manchester City thrashed Doncaster Belles 4-1 on Sunday. London Bees will face Birmingham City in the other semi-final.
Cornish Reds beat third-placed Chinnor 29-12 for a second win in a row. Reds face seven teams who are below them in the table in their next eight games.
It's been a great experience to be involved with Melbourne City. Winning the Australian Women's Grand Final against Perth Glory is another career highlight. Being a player-manager is very hard to deal with but equally rewarding. I want to learn how to coach and how to develop as a coach
Anne Marie Waters is a former Labour activist and founder of Sharia Watch. Her leadership bid has split the party, with some MEPs threatening to quit. But the UKIP National Executive Committee has allowed her to stand.
Australian Open semi-finalist joins Heather Watson, Victoria Azarenka and Caroline Wozniacki in the draw. Croatian teenager Ana Konjuh will return to defend her title. British number three Naomi Broady is also set to play in the tournament.
House at Auvers II hung in London cafe to launch Open for Art weekend. Owner Mark Lawrence insists it is a real van Gogh, but admits it has not yet been authenticated. Mr Lawrence previously said he inherited the painting from his grandfather who died in 1980.
Works on show at the Royal Pavilion include a painting of liger cubs given to King George IV. The cubs - a cross between a tiger and a lion - were born in Windsor in 1824. Exhibition tells the story of the first living giraffe, given to the king as a diplomatic gift.
The aim of the mission is to land a rover on the Red Planet. It is the second part of the so-called ExoMars programme. The announcement of the launch slip was issued by Esa on Monday.
Katie's chronic epilepsy means she has around 16 seizures a day. When she told her neurologist he offered to become her running partner. Together they've become a marathon-running team.
Surrey beat Yorkshire in the T20 Blast final at Lord's. Ben Davies and Ben Foakes put on 130 for the second wicket. Stuart Meaker took three wickets for Yorkshire. Tim Bresnan top scored with 68 for the county.
No details have been given about the operation in one of Europe's busiest transport hubs. But local media report that police were looking for three suspects. Security had been stepped up across the country for the second round of the presidential election.
Cancer spreads around the body is a crucial moment called metastasis. Scientists let the disease progress before using chemicals that made the body and internal organs highly transparent. It meant the body could be rapidly imaged and the location of any cancerous tissue detected.
Office, schools and colleges have been shut due to rains in the past week. A depression in the Bay of Bengal has triggered rains in coastal areas. At least 80,000 people in northern parts of neighbouring Sri Lanka have been affected.
Wisconsin primary marks the beginning of the Democratic presidential campaign's endgame. Bernie Sanders can claim momentum, with wins in five of the last six contests. But he needs a sizeable victory in Wisconsin if he wants to cut into Mrs Clinton's 263 delegate lead.
An improvised explosive device went off killing and injuring people gathered around the celebrations. Ten people were killed instantaneously when the device exploded on Tuesday evening. Another 13 people died by the time the injured were taken to Maiduguri.
Labour has accused the government of being a 'zombie' Parliament. But MPs on the government side have hit back with claims that Labour has given up scrutinising bills properly. As MPs look to the final few weeks before the dissolution of Parliament, there are still a few bills left to deal with
The design, by a Dutch architectural company, is part of a flagship project to develop a major new site in central Seoul. PR chief at the Yongsan Development Company, Seo Hee-seok, said the accusation was a shock. The symbolism and spiritual impact of buildings is important in South Korea
Jessica Ennis-Hill retired from the heptathlon after the Rio Olympics. She won gold at London 2012, two world titles and an Olympic silver. Heptathlon coach Neil Minichiello says the 'hard-working mum' deserves her place in history.
The MAREA cable will run between Virginia and Bilbao, Spain. It will be the highest-capacity sub-sea cable across the Atlantic. The tech companies will help design the cable.
Buckingham Palace said the Queen is'still recuperating' from a cold. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were also absent from the service.
Lon Snowden says he feels "extreme gratitude" that his son is safe and free. He later met his son, Edward Snowden, who is seeking asylum in Russia. Edward Snowden met four former US security officials in Russia, it has emerged. The officials said they had presented Mr Snowden with an award
Could lead to smaller devices that are safer to fit. Could also dispense with the bulky batteries and clumsy recharging systems.
The 26-year-old has been at the KCOM Stadium since 2015. In 2016, the ex-Salford Red Devils and Castleford Tigers man had the highest kick-conversion rate in Super League.
The incident was reported near junction 16 at Johnstonebridge. Lanes on the southbound carriageway were blocked for a time. It follows a string of incidents on the motorway on Sunday.
However, it says it will still co-operate with its larger neighbour. Mr Trump said he was reimposing certain travel and trade restrictions eased by the Obama administration. But he is not reversing key diplomatic and commercial ties.
So far, 32 secondary schools, primary schools and nurseries are affected. Parents are being urged to make sure their children receive the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccination.
The TransAsia Airways plane broke up as it came down shortly after take-off. There were 15 survivors pulled from the wreckage but 12 people remain missing. The final communication from the pilots to air traffic control was "Mayday, mayday, engine flame out" It is the second TransAsia ATR-72
Photographs of the endangered Magnolia dealbata were seen by a botanist at a Mexican university more than 5,500 miles away. The plants were tracked to Mexico's Serra Gorda Biosphere Reserve and identified.
Welsh government wants to recognise role of early years carers. The draft 10-year plan will go out to public consultation next month. It would cover everyone who works with children in state-run schools and nurseries.
Kjell Lindgren played Amazing Grace on the bagpipes while in space. They were made for him by McCallum Bagpipes in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire. Mr Lindgren recorded a video about research scientist Victor Hurst. Dr Hurst worked for US engineering company Wyle Science as a research scientist.
Carlos Tevez was back on the bench for the midweek Champions League game against Napoli. Tevez failed to secure a summer move away from Manchester City.
England Under-19 international Walsh scored the only goal of the game. Manchester City now have 20 clean sheets in all competitions this year. The Danish side host the second leg on Wednesday, 16 November.
Chris and Colin Weir have become Scotland's biggest Euromillions winners. The couple have already decided to buy homes for their two children, Carly and Jamie. They have displaced former postal worker Angela Kelly from East Kilbride.
Thirty-one people have died and many more have been injured. Three days of national mourning have been announced. There's extra security at some airports to help keep people safe.
Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin faces 12 charges including the attempted murder of a US citizen. He was seized in 2009 after an attack on Afghan border police and US forces. Irek is the first military detainee to be brought to the US from Afghanistan.
The B-listed Edwardian building has sat empty since it closed 10 years ago. Councillors are to meet next week to consider bids to turn it into a food hall. A number of pre-conditions would need to be met before a draft lease could be agreed.
Northern Ireland are the first team from pot five to win a group. They beat Romania, Hungary, Greece, Finland and the Faroe Islands. The 36-year-old was assistant to Danny Lennon at St Mirren and Cowdenbeath.
Badger groups offered funding of up to 50% of the costs for vaccinations. The aim is to create a "buffer" zone to prevent the spread of the disease. It is part of the government's strategy to achieve bovine TB free status in England by 2038.
Mandy Fader is a professor of continence technology at the University of Southampton. In Scrubbing Up, she criticises low investment from industry and "weak" regulation. The Urology Trade Association says it is "simply incorrect" to say catheters have not improved in recent decades.
Victor Moses, Leon Balogun and Isaac Success all out of Nigeria squad. Godwin Obaje, Chisom Egbuchulam and Uche Henry Agbo replace them. Odion Ighalo misses out to attend burial of his father. John Mikel Obi, Alex Iwobi and Kenneth Omer
The colognes - Ernesto and Hugo - were unveiled on Thursday by a state laboratory in the capital, Havana. The company said it had obtained the agreement of the families of Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez to use their names in the colognes.
Warwick councillor Nick Harrington resigned with immediate effect. Anti-Irish tweet appeared on his now deleted account during Eurovision. Police confirmed on Sunday they were investigating the tweet. They are treating it as a suspected hate crime.
Inquiry was launched in June last year following reports that face paint was used to impersonate a staff member in a student-led performance. It caused offence to eight students of African heritage. Report was sparked by complaints to officials following a student production called "Anaphylaxis", and led to 30 students being suspended
11 imams, sheiks and religious teachers from nine countries visited Auschwitz and Dachau concentration camps. They met a Holocaust survivor and Poles whose families risked execution to save Jews from the Nazis. The aim of the trip is to get Muslims who are leaders all over the world to acknowledge the reality of what
North Wales Police said the incident involved just one vehicle on the B5111 in Coedana. The road has been closed and diversions are in place.
Re-introduction of refuelling for 2017 will be welcomed by drivers and fans alike. Cars will be between five and six seconds a lap faster. Engines will also rev higher and be louder.
Two men took £200 from the shop at Rosskeen Park at 04:00 GMT on Thursday. Police said the black Citroen C1 was stolen from the Shearwater area. Shop owner Pat O'Reilly told BBC Radio Foyle: "This will cost us thousands"
Andrew Salina was found seriously injured at his home in Roystonhill. He was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics. DCI Paul Livingstone said it appeared a weapon had been used.
11 men died when the Hawker Hunter jet plummeted on to the A27. The AAIB report said emergency workers had to delay their response. Its report said the seats were a "significant hazard" that delayed rescue teams. Final report is still to be published by the AAIB.
Narendra Modi joined 37,000 other people to perform a series of asanas. He had consistently said he wouldn't be taking part in the record attempt. But in the event he stretched and puffed his way through the 35-minute routine.
The photographs span the period from the 1880s to the 1990s. Growing Up in the City is at the Museum of Liverpool until 25 September.
Manchester Cancer Research Centre to receive £35m funding. Centre will develop personalised cancer treatments for thousands of patients. Research will focus on radiation therapy, lung cancer, women's cancers and melanoma.
Sir Mo Farah finished seventh in the men's 8km race at Holyrood Park. Farah was passed in the final 15m by Kenyan-born Korir. Laura Muir anchored Britain to victory in the 4x1km mixed relay.
Carnsalloch House was built in the middle of the 18th Century. It was described as a target for vandals, fireraisers and drug users.
Paul Lambert's first game in charge was the encouraging 0-0 draw at Preston. But the Championship side have still not won in eight games. Bodvarsson: "We're playing much faster and defending better"
Contractors began work on the derelict building on Friday night. Environment Minister Alex Atwood recommended the demolition. Mary O'Dwyer, chair of Foyle Civic Trust, said a strategic approach is needed.
Philip Craig, 38, killed Christopher Laskaris, 24, at his flat in Leeds in November. Craig, from Leeds, then went back to the flat where his victim's body remained. He was jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years at Leeds Crown Court.
Pre-tax profit fell 49.7% to £27.7m in the first half of the year ending 30th June. Firm said its focus for the period had been operational improvements. Boss Richard Glynn said it was now "well positioned for growth"
Ipswich Airport was to be turned into housing estate in 1996. Campaigners fought to save the airport after it was earmarked for housing. Anniversary of the closure is being marked with an exhibition.
Boat crashed into turbine off the coast of Cumbria. RNLI lifeboat rescued the crew and brought them to shore. One of the men suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital.
Ollie Hirschorn's lion, Liley, went missing at Hughenden Manor on Easter Monday. The 11-month-old lion was returned along with a photo diary showing him driving a buggy. Mr Hirschorn said it was "a lovely gesture"
Artillery soldiers spent 62% of their time either at the front or fighting. The cavalry spent 20% of its time fighting on the Western Front. Around 27,000 volunteers helped contribute to the research.
They made the appeal at an election hustings in Belfast on Tuesday. The event was attended by representatives from the five largest political parties. Majella McAteer from the British Deaf Association says the move was long overdue.
How this rich neural network assembles in the baby before birth is relatively unchartered territory. Researchers from Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital, King's College London, Imperial College and Oxford University aim to produce a dynamic wiring diagram of how the brain grows.
England should not walk away from Wayne Rooney, says Frank Lampard. The Manchester United striker has scored a record 53 goals for England. Rooney came under fire after the shock defeat by Iceland at Euro 2016. Germany legend Lothar Matthaus said it was time for Rooney to retire.
No-one was in the vehicle when it careered rear-end first into the side of the building. Wife and son who were in the shop at the time were "very lucky" to escape injury.
Leaders got irritated with the prime minister in the long lead up to the election. They felt he played too much to the Eurosceptic gallery at home. Most want to ensure Britain stays in, especially in Germany. There are very practical reasons why Germans are so keen to keep Britain in.
Andraya Lyons, 39, was found dead in Swindon on Saturday. Anthony Porter, 32, has been charged with her murder. Her family said they are 'devastated' by her death.
Law also permits 12-year-olds to be contracted to work for others. It also sets harsher punishment for violence against children. The measure was approved by Congress earlier this month.
Site in Prestatyn, Wales, was due to be demolished this week. Developers have lodged plans for apartments and houses. But National Resources Wales has ruled that the demolition must be put on hold.
The FTSE 100 index rose 77 points, or 1.1%, to 6,911.4. Most analysts had expected the Fed to hold rates on Wednesday. The dollar fell after US rates were held, which pushed commodity prices up. Shares in Glencore and Fresnillo led the FTSE 100 higher, with both
Virgin Money boss Jayne-Anne Gadhia will lead the review group. It will assess whether students receive fair and effective support. The group will report its findings in 12 months' time.
California Coastal Commission gives park permission to double size of its orca enclosures. Decision comes after criticism of the way the whales are treated there.
There were six late winners in the Championship on Saturday. Brighton went eight points clear of Reading thanks to a last-minute winner. Leeds and Sheffield Wednesday ensured they would spend Christmas in the top six.
Milnes, Lewis and McKay all leave County Championship side. Director of cricket Dougie Brown says it will be'sad' to see them leave.
The increase in would-be buyers was at its lowest point in almost a year. Better mortgage deals have helped absorb some of the "pent-up demand" But prices are still likely to continue rising, according to Rics.
Group leader Andrew RT Davies said the online row would "not be repeated" Mr Graham backed a Conservative motion in the Senedd calling for a review of the possible routes for an M4 relief road.
L/Cpl Kyle Cleet Marshall, of the 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, died after being caught in a roadside bomb blast in Helmand province. The 23-year-old, from Newcastle upon Tyne, had been due to marry his fiancee, Hayley, in July.
Twitter's boss has outlined new plans for the social network. One will let you see what you missed while you were offline, say sleeping. Another new function could filter tweets, making the app more like Facebook.
Liverpool beat Borussia Dortmund 4-3 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg. Dejan Lovren scored an injury-time winner at Anfield. Jurgen Klopp's side are one step closer to earning a place in the Champions League.
Radiohead are 6/4 favourites to sing the Spectre title track. Singer Thom Yorke is known to be a fan of the band. Ellie Goulding and Sam Smith are also in the running. Spectre director Sam Mendes has confirmed a song has been recorded.
She said she will seek a judicial review against Mark H Durkan because he took the decision to adopt the planning policy without the agreement of the full Northern Ireland Executive.
The Marchwood Park and Cracknore Hard industrial estates, covering 113.73 acres, were acquired by Associated British Ports. Port director Nick Ridehalgh said the estates would provide "strategic long term value"
Minichiello wants IAAF and Wada to have a 'long, hard look' at Chernova's punishment. Russian anti-doping agency punished Chernova with a two-year ban, backdated to 22 June 2013. It also annulled her results from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011
The choir was established by Henry VIII in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults. The aim is to find youngsters from local schools and a range of backgrounds who may not have considered singing in a cathedral choir before.
Jin Ok scored the game-winning goal after GB had come back from 2-0 down. The game gives Britain their first point of the tournament but they are bottom of Group A after three games.
Haiti's capital Port-au-Prince is disorientating. You lose all sense of being on a tropical island in the Caribbean. But life goes on in the city and people are determined to carry on.
Company saw gross bookings of $11.2bn, up 49% on 2014. On average, 50m people used the website each month. Growth recorded in Asia-Pacific, particularly China.
Coventry taxi firm's new TX5 electric taxi will be rolled out later this year. The first of the new models will go on sale in London in the final quarter of the year, before being sold around the world early in 2018. It is the first all-new car factory in the Midlands since
The 29-year-old was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and wounding with intent. Previously, three men, aged 30, 27 and 20, were arrested in the same incident. All four have been bailed until the end of April.
For African leaders, the UN in New York is the place to be seen and heard. The UN has been largely present in tumultuous events in Africa these past 70 years. From rising prices, to lack of pasture for cattle to drought and floods - food and hunger remain the continent's major worry.
Sterling did subsequently recover some of the losses, but there is certainly a view that the currency would decline if Britain were to decide to leave. The concern reflects the view held by many - though by no means all - economists that leaving the EU would undermine the UK's economic performance.
Australian businessman David Prior is opening a whisky distillery in Scotland. He hopes to double production at Bladnoch Distillery near Wigtown. Mr Prior also has plans to launch a new blend called Pure Scot.
In May, the programme will move from Sunday to Friday evenings. CBBC will also launch a TV version of the Official Chart Show, presented by Cel Spellman.
The disease can be more serious and harder to treat than human TB. Raw or unpasteurised milk is one of the most common sources of the infection. Animal TB also affects those in close contact with infected animals including vets, farmers and butchers.
Andy Murray is the first British singles player to reach top spot since computerised rankings began in 1973. Murray ends Novak Djokovic's 122-week stint at the top of the world rankings. The Scot, 29, plays American John Isner in Sunday's Paris Masters final.
Scot collected £200,000, the biggest ever victory cheque for a tournament outside the UK, after prevailing in a high-quality contest. It was the 41-year-old's first tournament win since last year's International Championship, also in China.
U.S. has the highest number of sleep deprived students. 73% of 9 and 10 year olds are sleep deprived.
Nine US Park Police on horseback accompanied the 55-year-old to the Interior Department's headquarters. He was spotted wearing a black cowboy hat as he made his way through traffic.
Charlton Athletic has launched an investigation into historical abuse claims. Russell Davy said Charlton scout Eddie Heath abused him in 1986. The club said it is committed to working with the police and authorities.
Redrow Homes South Wales has submitted plans for up to 630 houses in Radyr. An outline application for about 1,000 homes in Lisvane has also been put forward. Planning committee councillors will consider both applications on 10 February.
Jonny Evans and Papiss Cisse appeared to spit at each other. Referee Anthony Taylor spoke to the pair but neither was booked. The Football Association says it is waiting for Taylor's report before deciding whether any action is needed.
George Verrier was treated by officers who were called to an altercation. He did not want to be taken to hospital, said police, but was found unconscious. A 17-year-old arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail.
The 26-year-old made his Cardiff debut in Friday's 2-1 Championship win over Bristol City. Hoilett joined on a free transfer on 10 October and was Warnock's first signing as Bluebirds boss.
RMT claims Dutch firm Abellio is plundering a £1m-a-month profit. Abellio was awarded the ScotRail franchise in 2015 for 10 years. It could be stripped of the contract after five years if punctuality falls below 84.3%.
Shillington made 90 appearances in the 50-over format. The 36-year-old scored 1,276 runs, including six half-centuries. Ireland lost by 36 runs in a rain-affected match in Colombo.
Mike Dean sent off Sofiane Feghouli in West Ham's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United. It was the fifth red card Dean has shown in 15 matches this season. Dean's dismissal was the 25th by any Premier League referee since start of 2013-14.
12,600 cases discontinued from 2014 to 2015 - one in every eight Crown Court cases. At the same time, the proportion of cases resulting in a conviction fell below the 80% mark for the first time since 2010-11. The CPS said cases were kept under "constant review"
Arsenal take on Chelsea in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday. The final kicks off at 17:30 BST with coverage starting at 16:15 BST. Arsenal Fan TV host Robbie Lyle thinks the Gunners will triumph. Radio One DJ Adele Roberts and Chelsea Fan TV's Sophie Rose also give their verdicts
Four out of seven health boards in Wales are forecast to overspend this year. Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board faces 'extremely challenging' outlook. Betsi Cadwaladr, Cardiff and Vale, Hywel Dda and ABMU also overspend.
MacKenzie was born in the Eastern Cape province, but his family moved to England when he was nine. He had trained with Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith at Huntingdon Gym. MacKenzie is a European junior team gold medallist with Britain.
Alleged attack took place in North Shields on Friday afternoon. Simonik Da Costa, 41, of Wallsend, charged with assault. Also charged with common assault and possession of an offensive weapon.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 55.47 points to 20,006.94. Energy stocks also bounced back as the price of oil stabilised after falling sharply earlier in the day. The Nasdaq index also increased, closing up 25.42 points at 6,100.76.
Sergeant Randy Johnson, 34, was killed in an explosion near Baghdad in 2007. The fingerprints of Anis Abid Sardar, from Wembley, London, were allegedly found on two other bombs. Mr Sardar, 38, denies murder, conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion.
Raheem Sterling's agent Aidy Ward reportedly said the England forward will not sign a new deal even if offered "£900,000 a week" Rodgers said Sterling would be available for selection for the team's last game of the Premier League season against Stoke on Sunday. The 20-year-old has already rejected
A heatwave in Spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the UK. This is called a Spanish plume and could also mean hot and humid storms later this week.
Alcohol is now more affordable and people are drinking more than 40 years ago. Public Health England says implementing a minimum unit price (Mup) is the answer. But the report says there is little evidence to suggest that putting more information on labels would lead to a reduction in alcohol-related harm.
Bruce Springsteen, John Kerry and John McCain send their goodbyes. Comedy Central show has been cited as a leading news source for young people. Stewart took over the show in 1999 and established himself as one of the most influential satirists.
Fergus Ewing said 16,521 farmers had now received Common Agricultural Policy payments. Government facing pressure to deal with "failures" in the subsidies payment system. Fine may be waived and extension to deadline no longer required.
13 of 34 staff were barred for conduct from August 2013 to 2015. National Union of Teachers said it was not a common occurrence in schools. Other teachers disciplined for driving, alcohol, drugs, harassment and fraud.
Nintendo's Switch console went on sale on Friday in the UK and U.S. Sales figures suggest it has become the fastest-selling games console in the Japanese company's history. Thousands of customers have reported their new devices came with a screen problem. Nintendo said such pixels were "normal and should
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the WBA Super World featherweight title. The Belfast man has had to relinquish his IBF world super bantamweight belt. Frampton is aiming to become the first Northern Ireland boxer to win world titles at different weights.
Lane restrictions in place between 11:00 and 18:00 on two sections of Fishergate. They were introduced on a trial basis on 31 October 2016 to reduce congestion. Lancashire County Council said almost 16,000 had already paid their fines.
Zimbabwean Sean Ervine hit 10 boundaries in his 207-ball knock. Ryan McLaren, though, scored 61 as he and Ervine added 118. Hampshire are second from bottom of the table but defeated Nottinghamshire.
Celine Stella is a self-taught photographer from France. Her latest project was a trip to Saudi Arabia. She wanted to capture the country's natural beauty.
Google analysed more than 100 million visits to the search giant's sites. It found 5% of people accessing Google every day have been caught out. About a third have four or more bad add-ons installed in their browser.
Australia's new Australian of the Year has said it is time to "have the conversation" Mr Turnbull, himself a republican, said momentum must come from the public. His comments come amid mounting pressure on the government to restart the debate.
Jonjo Shelvey had a hand in both goals as Newcastle beat West Ham. Ayoze Perez and Georginio Wijnaldum scored either side of half-time. The win lifts Newcastle out of the relegation zone.
Anthony Joshua thinks there is a 'unique' fighter waiting to make the transition to the pro ranks. Super-heavyweight Joe Joyce will leave the comforts of the state-of-the-art British Boxing training base in Sheffield as an Olympic silver medallist. A Team GB fighter can earn up to £28,000
Chart shows how many seats each party gains if they improve their polling. Theresa May is spending the bulk of her time in front line seats. But Jeremy Corbyn is not doing much in the zone in between.
Story of Akong Tulku Rinpoche was screened at the Samye Ling site in Eskdalemuir. A Remarkable Life covers everything from his birth in Tibet in 1939 to his murder in China in 2013. Shortly before his death, he authorised the film to be made which was given its premiere in southern Scotland
Councils warned services for the elderly are under threat because of a lack of funding. Numbers getting help in care homes and in their own homes have been falling. This trend has been blamed for contributing to the growing pressures in the NHS.
Charlie Alliston was 18 when he allegedly hit Kim Briggs while going 20mph. Mrs Briggs, 44, suffered brain injuries, including two skull fractures. Alliston, now 20, is on trial for manslaughter, which he denies. He also denies causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving.
Bernard Hender, 19, and Doug McTavish, 39, died in the blaze in October 2014. The Abergele inquest is examining if a Hotpoint dryer caused the fire. On Thursday, a fire engineer told the hearing there was "no compelling evidence" it started in the dryer. But he said
Police said PO Aimee Mejia was driving the wrong way down a street. She hit two vehicles and left a local woman with a cracked breastbone. Many Okinawans have long campaigned against the heavy US military presence.
Mr Bercow presided at a farewell dinner for Deputy Speaker Dawn Primarolo. Later today she'll probably be presiding over a short Commons debate.
YouTube said the video has been viewed more than 2,147,483,647 times. It has now changed the maximum view limit to 9,223,372,036,854,775,808.
Tries from Macgraff Leuluai, Ah Van and Chris Bridge gave Widnes a 14-6 half-time lead. Paddy Flynn scored another early in the second, but Ah Van, Lloyd White (2) and Joe Mellor tries made it 38-12. Despite three Cas tries in four minutes - Larne Patrick
Doctors in Kiev used a method called pronuclear transfer in what is a world first. The baby girl, born on 5 January, is thought to be the world's second "modern three-parent baby" Another child was created using a slightly different method in Mexico last year.
Care Quality Commission said two hospitals needed to improve care. The trust said it was "part-way through a process of significant improvement" Medical care in one part of the Royal Lancaster Infirmary was said to be "of particular concern" The overall recruitment of nurses and doctors was identified as a "fundamental" worry
Late tries from Niall Evalds and Greg Johnson levelled the scores. O'Brien's missed conversion forced extra-time but he responded with a drop-goal from near halfway to win it. Hull KR drop out of Super League after a 10-year spell in the top flight.
Turkey wants to shut down hundreds of schools it says have ties to Fethullah Gulen. The cleric is held responsible by the Ankara government for the failed July coup. But pupils, teachers and parents interviewed in several countries say they have no links to suspicious activities.
A 41-year-old man was arrested in Waterford on Friday morning. Agnius Naumovas, who was from Lithuania, was found on Christmas Day. He was taken to hospital, where his injuries were described as serious.
Charlie Mulgrew's free-kick and Danny Guthrie's strike put Rovers ahead. Lasse Vibe flicked one back before Craig Conway's penalty made it 3-1. Brentford's Harlee Dean saw red but Forest and Birmingham wins sent Rovers down.
Most popular vegetables were carrots, sweetcorn and peas. Aubergine, chickpeas and spinach were among the least popular. Four in 10 primary school children in England now eat school lunches.
The 56-year-old man, from Essex, was pronounced dead at the scene. No-one else was in the aircraft at the time of the crash.
A pilot had to take control of the container ship to ensure its passage into port. Eugenijus Tulauskas contested a charge of having excess alcohol while on duty. His lawyers argued that he was not on duty at the time of the offence.
Agustin Carstens is known for his rotund figure, which is often portrayed in Mexican cartoons. He graduated with an economics degree from the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico. While at the bank, he gained first-hand experience of dealing with financial crises.
The British embassy in Tehran is expected to be reopened within days. Move follows a deal agreed by Iran with six world powers on curbing its nuclear programme. It follows an improvement in relations in recent months.
Stevenage lost ground on Portsmouth in the race for automatic promotion. Tom Pett went off injured in the first half for the visitors. Fraser Franks and Connor Ogilvie both required treatment after a nasty clash of heads early in the second period.
Swift Archway Cranford 545 caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire. Davis played Wicket in the third of the original Star War movies.
The dinner in Edinburgh is being organised by Sir Tom Hunter's charity. Tickets for a table of 10 at the dinner are expected to go on sale for £5,000. All of the cash raised will be split between children's charities in Scotland and the Obama Foundation.
Belgium banned the wearing of partial or total face veils in public in 2011. Court agreed ban sought to guarantee concept of 'living together' Some argued veil was a symbol of oppression of women.
Martin Gallagher, 25, faces a charge under the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act. Prosecutors claim Gallagher committed the offence at the Parkhead clash on September 10 which Celtic won 5-1. The charges include the claim that he engaged in behaviour which may be likely to "incite public disorder"
Police said shopper "defended herself by repeatedly hitting the female offender over the head with the packet of bacon" CCTV obtained by Altrincham Today suggests the police report was slightly more dramatic than the actual incident.
flickering black and white images show the execution of Alfredo Jauregui. He was convicted of killing former President Jose Manuel Pando in 1917. The silent documentary was filmed in 1927 after he and three others had spent 10 years in jail. It was censored as soon as it was released and remained unseen for
The US economy is weaker than the rate setters thought back in December. One of the concerns is whether Fed raising rates or tightening could result in a repeat of the 1930's. The last rate hike was eight years ago in 2007 and it's been at rock bottom pretty much since the 2008 financial
Island's Conservative executive council voted against motion of no confidence in Andrew Turner. Opponents said Mr Turner caused "turmoil" over his personal arrangements. Mr Turner said he won over members of the executive by "telling the truth"
Ayshah goes to Liverpool to find out if she's got what it takes to be a WWE Superstar. Finn Balor, Enzo Amore, Big Cass and Bayley help her out.
Flappy Bird was downloaded more than 50 million times. The game required players to keep a flying bird in the air. Its creator was making up to $50,000 a day from the game's advertising revenue.
Protest comes ahead of an EU leaders' meeting over the crisis. David Cameron will attend the summit in Brussels, which will discuss a response.
The project was launched in Grenada by the prince, who is on a 15-day tour. Nine places are available on the six-week Royal Household Hospitality Scholarship initiative. Training could include shadowing a service team at official events.
The world number two won 6-2 6-0 in 66 minutes. He will next play Rafael Nadal, who beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1 6-4. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Roger Federer 6-3 2-6 7-5.
Col Vermeulen said Pistorius was on his stumps when he struck the door. Defence strongly challenged his version, adding that they will present their own expert witness. The defence also suggested police contaminated the crime scene.
During the war, families would have to ration their food. Luxuries like chocolate and fruit were very difficult to find. Families had to grow their own food to survive.
