prison link cymru said some ex-offenders were living rough for up to a year before finding accommodation. workers at the charity claim investment in housing would be cheaper than jailing homeless repeat offenders. the Welsh Government said more people than ever were getting help to address housing problems
three firearms, ammunition and a five-figure sum of money were recovered. a 26-year-old man who was arrested and charged appeared at court on Thursday.
the suspects are charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery. an online fundraiser for their victim has collected $51,000 (£42,500) so far. the 18-year-old white victim suffers from schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder.
former arsenal goalkeeper played for the royals for four years. appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003.
mice put on a modified form of the "fasting-mimicking diet" regenerated a special type of cell in the pancreas called a beta cell. benefits in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes in the mouse experiments.
if the deal goes through later this year the new company, to be called EssilorLuxottica, will become a behemoth of the industry. one long-standing independent wholesaler says the merged firm would be so powerful it would probably squeeze out some competitors.
houvenaghel accuses British cycling of "ageism" and having "zero regard" for her welfare. she is the latest high-profile cyclist to come forward after jess Varnish, Nicole cooke and Emma pooley criticised the World Class programme.
total us annual comedy club revenue to grow by 1.8% over the next five years to $344.6m in 2020. dozens of us comedy clubs were forced to close in the wake of the 2008 recession. but the american comedy institute director says stand-up comedy is entering a new golden age.
telecoms giant BT dodged a bullet - and it was for prosaic reasons, says chief executive of ofcom Sharon white. BT's retirement scheme has assets of about £40bn and a deficit, on some measures, of about £10bn.
Liverpool manager steve rodgers is looking forward to his maiden visit to the edinburgh ground. the scot will be hoping to repeat his 5-1 league victory at Celtic park last month. rodger's side face a sterner test against a side who
the cut in undergraduate places will come into effect from September 2015. job losses will be among both academic and non-academic staff. there are currently around 17,000 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students.
east Sussex NHS trust put mix-up down to external company that distributes printed material. it said the wrong patient information leaflets were added to hospital appointment letters sent out in march. the trust has contacted everyone affected to apologise and explain what went wrong.
ten shadow ministers among 47 labour MPs who rejected party orders to back bill. shadow chancellor John McDonnell said frontbenchers would have to quit if they defied whip. draft legislation comes back to the commons on Monday for three days of debate.
the national league sold the republic of ireland midfielder to the Cherries for £175,000 in 2012. O'Kane moved for an undisclosed fee, but any money will go to help the cash-strapped club. the club are still looking for new owners
Iwan Wyn Lewis, 36, was sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd after allegedly assaulting his mother. he was visited by an officer in April 2016 about his bail arrangements. consultant psychiatrist says he is "extremely unhappy" about the visit
the 33-year-old has featured only twice for the foxes this term. he signed a new one-year deal with the premier league newcomers in the summer. former blackpool forward scored three goals in 23 games last season.
u.s. scientists fear that the new administration will curb access to climate data. they are rushing to copy data onto servers outside the control of the federal government. one scientist says it is too early to tell if this rhetoric will be backed up by action.
"world's greatest drummer, our beloved Brad. RIP," ska group tweeted. drummer joined The Specials in 1979, and continued with reversioned band The Special AKA. news comes three months after band's trombonist, Rico Rodriguez, died.
the 14-time major champion misses the cut after carding a level-par second round of 72. world number one Jason day and us open champion dustin Johnson also miss the cut. overnight leader rose carded a one-under 71 to put him on eight under.
former striker suffered kidney failure in 2015 after contracting an airborne virus. the 45-year-old has just returned to his role as a united ambassador following surgery. he is not even allowed to fly to Barcelona for a Manchester united legends game on 30 June.
Pakistan's telecoms regulator said the ban was no longer necessary because of new version. YouTube has denied claims that the authorities can filter content. activists want details of the deal between google and the government.
the 26-year-old was injured in last week's win over Exeter. scrum-half Sam Harrison, 24, has signed a new deal.
team gb win team pursuit gold in world record time of three minutes, 50.265 seconds. he emulated fellow Welshman geraint Thomas, who won at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics. the 23-year-old won silver medals at the 2015 and 2016 world championships.
death toll doubles over the last two days as officials find more than 100 bodies. officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people in the state. the north-eastern state of assam has also seen dozens killed and hundreds displaced.
bridget and Jonathan Reid, from the Highlands, got married at a ski resort in scotland. the couple got married in full Highland dress, which includes a kilt, and white wedding dress. a ceremony officiated by Halde pottinger from the
the fine follows the conviction of former trader, Shirlina Tsang, for fraud last year. she was sentenced to 50 months in prison after being caught falsifying records. regulators said there were "significant weaknesses in its procedures, management systems and internal controls"
"it's been like a whirlwind," says Spider-Man actor Tom Holland. supporting actress winner Viola Davis says she's spoken to meryl streep. "i'm so happy everything seems to be working out," says rising star winner.
world number one has lost six straight sets to outsiders this year. he has had shingles and an elbow problem, and now his left hip is proving cause for concern. the french open provides the best indication as to how he might fare at Wimbledon.
mandla hlatshwayo and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men. the suspects were found in possession of drugs and an unlicensed gun. south africa has one of the highest murder rates in the world.
witnesses tell police a gun was fired near anfield road primary school. a white man in a grey hooded top fired at a dark coloured car. police say no-one has sought medical attention for injuries caused by a firearm.
the 29-year-old is competing in her first heptathlon since winning gold at London 2012. a top-12 finish and score of 6,075 points would also secure qualification for this summer's world championships. canada's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist Brianne Theis
Manor's operating company just racing services has been in administration since 6 January. the staff were sent home on Friday and told they will be made redundant by the close of business on Tuesday. it leaves 10 teams - 20 cars - on the grid in australia for the start of the season.
only 90 will be returned to stormont - compared to 108 from previous assembly polls. out of the 228 candidates, 70 are women. the election will take place on 2 march.
exchange rate between the pound and the dollar reflects views of investors. pound has fallen 18% against the dollar since the Brexit vote in June. avoid buying your currency at the last minute at the airport.
more than 300 people entered alternative model of the year. the winner was decided by judges in Newcastle on Saturday. vintage-fan Zoe waters, 19, from bishop Auckland, is a student at Newcastle university.
the Yomper statue is currently located in front of the Royal Marines Museum at Eastney. the national museum of the royal navy is planning to relocate the museum. campaigners insist it is a local memorial to the conflict.
the suspect appeared at the Old Bailey accused of failing to contact a monitoring company and report to a police station twice in January. TPims replaced control orders in January 2012. the suspect - who can only be referred to as BM - was one of nine British citizens subject to
seamer anyon will coach the women's under-19 and under-21 sides. anyon took 199 wickets in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex between 2010 and 2014. the 33-year-old takes over from Charlotte Burton, whom he assisted last season.
the 23-year-old younger brother of sunderland's wes brown had been on trial. brown has also had spells at Bradford, doncaster, oldham, coventry, Ipswich, watford and Carlisle.
"cinderella" is a live-action version of Disney's classic 1950 animation. the film has taken $70m (£43.1m) on its opening weekend in the u.s. it stars downton abbey actress lily james as the
for the first time in Eurovision history, the host nation barred another country's singer. that is because in 2015, in violation of Ukrainian border rules, Russia's Julia Samoilova performed in Crimea. "when the rumours began I might not go, I was so
Alex McKechnie was 16 when he first saw the Beatles at the Cavern in Liverpool. he says the band were irreverent to the audience and other people. "they were sort of the first punk band," says the 16-year-old.
about 47% of working south africans earn less than the wage, which is being introduced to combat income poverty and inequality. critics say it could put more people out of work as employers might not be able to afford the higher wages. the government says it will consult on the issue, but hopes
former guerilla leader meles was a complex figure, hard to pigeon-hole. a mystique has over the years grown around his personality and politics. his message of social justice and modernisation resonated with many in the homeland.
only 50.5 overs were possible at the MCG, but australia got wickets at regular intervals. Azhar's 110-ball half-century saw him pass 1,000 test runs in 2016. australia lead the three-Test series 1-0, having beaten Pakistan by 39 runs in the opener
the SNP topped the vote in the leith walk by-election with 2,290 votes. it was the first time the Single Transferable Vote (stv) system had been used to select two members in the same ward in a byelection. the by-
US secretary of state John Kerry warned the US was "on the verge" of suspending talks with Russia over Syria. the US and Russia have been negotiating for months to try to secure a cessation of hostilities. but the latest truce collapsed last week after only a
hooker Hughes, 20, featured for llandovery during the 2015-16 season. flanker Evans, 19, has played for scarlets' under-18 side. both players have been included in the squad for the junior world championship.
"sad that the Obama administration, which started its life with a reset, ends it in anti-Russian death throes," tweets dmitry medvedev. "today [us president] Barack] Obama admitted this officially," says russia's foreign ministry
labour has costed the removal of fees - and the reintroduction of maintenance grants - as being worth £11.2bn per year. it's a direct appeal to younger voters - with surveys suggesting that students are more likely to vote labour. the most recent figures show
11 people killed when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into traffic on the a27. west Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth said the recovery operation was "extremely challenging" he anticipated that Friday would be the last day his crews worked at the scene.
nsa chief says he is willing to tell senators what he knows and doesn't know. senators pressed the pair on their interactions with the president. intelligence chiefs have taken a bunker mentality over the investigation.
the guest list of 500 was said to include lobbyists, CEOs and celebrities. the rev al Sharpton tweeted about a performance by prince and Steve wonder. Mr Earnest did say the Obamas' paid for the party on "their own dime"
loughgall tannyoky road, poyntzpass carrowreagh road, Dundonald Edenticullo road, hillsborough new line road, Rathfriland drumanure road, derrygonnelly road.
evidence of food's link to mental states has been growing. many doctors still do not discuss food with their mental health patients. food can impact the way we feel.
the new work - go set a watchman - will be the 88-year-old author's first release since the 1960s. some suggestions she was manipulated into publishing the decades-old manuscript. the state led the investigation, which helps prevent financial fraud against the elderly.
the main trauma hospital in the rebel-held eastern part of the city was hit in an air strike for the third time in a week. some 250,000 people are trapped in eastern aleppo. "we regret this decision by Washington," says Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman.
the new york times describes Mr Khan's victory as "striking" the ex-wife of politician imran Khan appeared to criticise her brother's campaign. he is by no means the first Muslim in charge of a european city.
parishioners at shipley church posted the video on facebook in february. traditional advert failed to attract any applicants. the new vicar, henriette howarth, will take up the post next week.
Kevin de bruyne could miss up to 13 league and cup games. the 24-year-old fell awkwardly in injury time against everton. his agent initially said he would miss six weeks. goalkeeper Joel Robles says sorry on social media.
the attacker, a 27-year-old Swiss man, also died on Sunday, police said. five other people were hurt when the man set fire to the train and stabbed passengers. police say there is no indication of a political or terrorist motive for the attack.
the drone flew within the air traffic zone adjacent to the final approach to the airport. the flybe passenger aircraft was flying at about 900ft (275m) and was about 2 miles (3km) away. a spokeswoman for Cornwall airport newquay confirmed a drone had flow
the seal was found at cruden bay on tuesday. it was taken to the Scottish SPCA's rescue centre where it was cut free.
the archive of travel writer, war hero and adventurer sir Patrick leigh Fermor has been catalogued by the national library of Scotland. the collection includes letters from prince Charles and Truman Capote. one of the most prized items in the archive is the only surviving notebook from his
the union is the third largest in the uk with more than 600,000 members. current general secretary Paul Kenny announced in the summer he was standing down. Mr Roache is secretary of the union's Yorkshire region, winning 56.7% of the vote.
follow-up to her Mercury Prize-nominated debut, 2013's sing to the moon, is imminent. second album the dreaming room is due in June and newest track Phenomenal Woman debuted on radio 1. the singer's struggles with stage fright
argentine striker Jonas gutierrez speaks to football focus about his cancer diagnosis. the 31-year-old had an operation to remove his left testicle in September 2014. he made his return to the first team for the 1-0 defeat by manchester united.
the club declared a total profit of £1.642m for 2014-15. profits mainly due to the sale of midfielder Matt Grimes to Swansea city. the club were forced to get an emergency loan to pay players' wages.
thrower was training at newham leisure centre for world para-athletics championships. "throwing cage collapsed on the athlete's head", says vice president of IPC. health and safety executive and police are investigating incident.
manufacturers reported their highest growth in new orders for nearly three years. retail firms reported a return to optimism - but profitability was squeezed. tourism firms reported improving visitor numbers in the final quarter of the year.
"undercover policing has committed grievous human rights abuses," says woman. police say undercover officers can play an important role. investigation reveals officers had relationships with women while undercover.
New Zealand were five points behind at half-time with a man in the sin-bin. four penalties from handre pollard cancelled out jerome kaino's early try. a Dan Carter drop-goal and a Beauden Barrett try put the champions ahead.
the national trust is using ground-penetrating radar on the 174ft tower to see under its stone cladding. the landmark was built in 1817 as a tribute to the Duke of Wellington's military achievements at the battle of waterloo. it has been struck by
the world's biggest clothing retailer posted net earnings of €1.26bn in the six months to 31 July. sales jumped from €9.4bn to €10.5bn, an increase of 11%. chairman and chief executive Pablo Isla emphasised the firm's investment
Gaga has been putting in the hours to ensure her super bowl set is suitably spectacular. here are some of the other most memorable - and surprising - moments from the last 30 years.
former chief crown prosecutor says victims are still not being listened to. nazir afzal says there have been "significant rises" in investigations and prosecutions. he overturned a decision not to charge nine men who ran the child sex exploitation ring
Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock in the store. managers had hoped for a weekend reopening but it is now closed "until further notice" staff have been helping with the clean-up operation.
more than 400,000 comments with remarkably similar wording have been detected. one expert described bot activity as a new form of protest. net neutrality proponents argue that all internet traffic should be equal.
sale have moved home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season. former England prop cotton returns to the club as a director after the takeover. he insists there will be no conflict of interest with a member of the coaching staff also working as director.
the film about a princess's mythical journey in ancient polynesia took an estimated $81.1m (£65.3m) that makes it the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time, behind Disney's Frozen. some observers have said that moana and its merchandise are
third seed, who received a bye in the first round, beat american wildcard 6-3 6-1. konta, the world number 18, hit 11 aces on her way to victory.
the attack happened on the Linn road in the town at about 14:05 BST on sunday. the two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries.
scientists made the connection on an expedition to the boy's village, Meliandou. they took samples and chatted to locals to find out more about Ebola's source. villagers reported that children used to play frequently in the hollow tree.
world no. 2 says he would play in this year's tournament if his wife gives birth. the 39-year-old reached the semi-finals of the 2016 event before being knocked out. he says his wife has been supportive in wanting him to play at the tournament
cabinet votes to remove section from the pavilion to the seaward end. work on the "dangerous" structure is expected to take about three weeks. parts of the Grade ll pier will be saved, catalogued and stored.
campaign to protect rural England will put its case to a high court judge on 23 October. five-storey university blocks provide 439 accommodation units. flats overlook a Site of special scientific interest and a Scheduled Ancient monument. university says it has "thought carefully" about how best
parents describe the funding problem as "diabolical" a union said the idea was "terrible" but families deserved to know the truth. the DfE said new funding plans would increase the trust's budget by 2.4%.
many developing countries will try to curb carbon emissions by setting aside forested areas as reserves. but experts are worried that creating national parks often involves removing the people who live in these areas. Liberia has proposed 30% of their forests become protected areas by 2020. DR Congo, funded by german
skull found alongside the M54 slip road by workers doing a survey. police confirmed the skull was that of an adult male and had been there for at least two years. further skeletal remains were found close to the skull.
Martinez, 24, is the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia. dusmatov, 23, was awarded a unanimous points victory - two judges scoring the fight 30-27, and one 29-28. the united states' Nico Hernandez, 20, and 19-year-old Cuban world champion
the university and college union says the 1.1% rise offered by the universities is "an insult" unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer. strike action is possible in the autumn term, according to a Unison spokeswoman.
parents at St Joseph's primary in Milngavie near Glasgow have been fighting the plan. the council plans to build a new denominational primary in nearby Bearsden. parents say the council's consultation document has "more holes than a colander" the council says its proposals are part
Kazuyoshi miura will stay with the second division side past his 49th birthday. the striker first played for Brazilian side Santos in 1986, so his career spans 30 years. miura holds the record as the oldest scorer in Japanese football.
seven people are reported to have been killed in shelling across the line of control. the disputed region is claimed by both india and Pakistani-administered Kashmir. there has been an armed revolt in the Muslim-majority region since 1989.
a leave vote was always seen as more likely to generate significant disturbances in the financial world. there are two potential issues they might want to respond to in the short term: the stability of the banks and swings in exchange rates. central banks can address that by lending them extra money (liquidity)
the 33-year-old joined sale in 2011 after six years at northampton. Easter won the european challenge cup and reached the champions cup final. he will now take up his teaching position at Wrekin college in shropshire.
at least seven patients' families told treatment may have contributed to their deaths. review of mortality rates on the ward has never been published. relatives of one patient told BBC Wales today they were told medical care was inadequate.
Declan Paul Butcher from Roe park court committed the'single punch' assaults on market street in Limavady on 2 October 2014. CCTV footage showed his first victim being knocked unconscious. a second man suffered a double jaw fracture.
Solo will miss matches on 8 and 13 february against france and england. domestic violence charges against Solo were dropped this month. the 33-year-old's husband was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in los angeles.
Omar Khan, 31, had worked at the Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years. he admitted conspiracy to supply the class a drug at Nottingham crown court. three others were remanded in custody following the hearing.
specially trained officers will begin carrying the stun weapons over the next few weeks. it brings the Scottish force into line with their counterpart in England. the weapons are used to incapacitate suspects through the use of an electric current.
ID Systems works in the industrial and commercial utilities sector. its clients include Scottish water, forestry commission and national grid. the loan and equity backing from UKSE will help fund ID Systems' growth strategy.
defender Helio hermito zampier neto is in a stable condition after surgery. five other people survived the crash, which killed 71 people. evidence is growing that the plane ran out of fuel, officials say. Bolivia's president vows to take "drastic
time team presenter joins anti-tunnel campaigners to fight the plans. highways England says it is working to find "the best solution possible" the public consultation on the plans runs until 5 march.
everton beat wolfsburg 4-0 in their group h clash at goodison park. goals from leighton baines and a Ricardo Rodriguez own goal give toffees lead. baines scores a second-half penalty before Kevin mirallas adds
the 35-year-old joined the iron from blackpool in 2013. he has made 119 league appearances for the league one side. bishop helped them to a third-placed finish this season.
pawel sroka, 33, of meadvale road, croydon, has been charged with murder. he is accused of stabbing to death his partner, 29-year-old Joanna trojniak.
prostate cancer is the fourth most common cause of cancer death in men. the disease has long been dubbed "the Cinderella cancer" researchers have discovered 80 new genetic markers for breast, ovarian and prostate cancer.
second-bottom wasps beat second-tier warriors 24-17 at twickenham. three tries apiece for Worcester in the first half. tries from will rowlands, Josh Adams and bryce heem. hosts finish match with 14 men after ex
most of the dead in the raid were foreign tourists. two of the attackers were killed by security forces. a huge march against terrorism is planned for Sunday.
almost all the buildings at the airport, on the southern outskirts of Mosul, have been razed. runways have also been damaged, with wide trenches carved into them and rubble placed along their lengths. airports are typically a primary objective for assaults on
major work is being carried out on the line between reading and london paddington. network rail said it had "hundreds of buses" ready in case it overruns. disruption was needed to allow for the reading station redevelopment.
fracking is subject to a temporary ban in wales until decision-making powers are devolved. the permit does not allow the company to carry out hydraulic fracturing. all work including reinstatement of the land to be completed within 12 months.
transactions carried out in european markets were previously recorded in Luxembourg. sales made through subsidiaries in the UK, Germany, Spain and italy will be registered. amazon had received heavy criticism for its tax avoidance policies.
junior doctors' leaders objecting to prospect of a new contract. government has indicated it will impose the new contract next year. talks between the BMA and NHS bosses will continue next week.
the 19-year-old will now be eligible to play in the football league trophy final. Kenny joined up with the england under-20 squad over Easter.
the money for Kingston Maurward college, near dorchester, will go towards a £3.24m project. the grants form part of a £214m investment in 47 colleges in english.
ex-england and west brom forward died in 2002. a neurosurgeon said he died from a brain condition linked to boxers rather than Alzheimer's disease as previously thought. astle's family have campaigned for the FA to carry out research into the risks
the wealth gap between the world's top 1% and the rest of us has grown since the 2008 global financial crisis. the BBC is investigating the winners and losers of this richer world in 2015. former investment banker and corporate strategist, Robert Kuhn, says the web is to blame
the 18-year-old identical twins have impressed in nine premiership appearances. both play in the back row and have also featured for the england under-20 side. the pair became only the fourth set of twins to play side-by-side in the premiership.
incident happened near corbett place and calais view. described as being in his late teens or early 20s with dark, curly, short hair.
the proposal was blocked by the us, the UK and canada. Israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons. the next review is set for 2020.
natural resources minister Carl Sargeant writes to councils reminding them of the temporary ban on fracking in Wales. he says he prefers to look at renewable energy rather than oil and gas. there have been protests against applications for test drilling for gas in both the Vale of Gla
british heavyweight boxer ricky hatton says he is struggling to cope with his mental health issues. he has withdrawn from a scheduled rematch with wladimir Klitschko. it's anyone's guess as to when
Wasps boss dai young expects a number of his in-form players to make the cut. Jones will also name a trimmed down party of approximately 35 for a training camp. the final squad before the autumn tests will be named on 26 October.
exhibition explores the work of artist Victor Noble Rainbird, who was born in North Shields in 1887. his favourite subjects were the North sea and the streets and people of his hometown. rainbird joined the northumberland fusiliers in 1914 when he was 26-years-
scotland midfielder scott brown is almost certain to be included in the squad for the world cup qualifier against england at wembley on 11 November. former manager john lennon says brown's return would boost Gordon Strachan's squad
the bird's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in Bethesda. the buzzard was chasing a wood pigeon. inspector Mike Pugh released the bird back to the wild.
the communication workers union said the walkout would start on monday 19 december. it will involve thousands of workers from the Crown Post Offices. the post office said it would be "business as usual" with 97% of its 11,600 branches not involved.
"domination doesn't work, partnership does," uu leader says in launching manifesto. party wants the election to be a referendum on how the renewable heat incentive was handled. the focus has now turned on them following Mr Nesbitt's comments.
more than 60,000 vials, said to contain anabolic steroids, were recovered. human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills were also found. a man in his 30s was arrested, but later released without charge.
enda kenny said triggering a border poll required "clear evidence of a majority of people wishing to leave the UK and join the republic" "who knows what happens in 10, 20 years time?" he said. DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was "
morecambe have won three straight league games after losing opening game of season. the Shrimps knocked out newly-promoted Grimsby 5-4 in the cup. they have now won three league games in a row and are top of the league.
Qatar rejects list of 13 conditions imposed by Saudi Arabia, its allies, Egypt, the UAE and Bahrain. they accuse Qatar of backing terrorism - a charge it denies. the fellow Gulf states want Qatar to reduce its ties with Iran and close a Turkish military base
"handful of people at the top" have ensured she can't run for leadership, she says. she would back councillor Lisa duffy to succeed Nigel farage. her six-month ban for bringing the party into disrepute means she cannot stand.
the victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home. she said she was taken to a secluded area and raped. the driver has not yet given a statement in public, police say.
the bond between Wales' players and fans has been one of the defining features of Euro 2016. the chant of choice during this tournament has been 'Don't Take Me Home' with every victory in France, a new fan zone seemed to spring up in Wales.
statisticians rate almost 7,000 areas in Scotland by standards including income, employability and health. lower whitecraigs in east Renfrewshire is classed as the least deprived. Glasgow has 56 of the 100 most deprived areas, down five on 2012.
Cassells and Scrimgeour won the title in the non-Olympic class in france last year. the british duo clocked six minutes and 29.63 seconds to finish ahead of the Danes and china. Ireland's Olympic silver medallist
the 22-year-old joins defender Craig Barr and striker mark Stewart at the club. Johnston came through Kilmarnock's youth ranks to make the first team. he moved to Kirkcaldy last summer and played 34 times.
Leroy Fer gave the hosts a first-half lead when he steered the ball home from close range at the back post. Roberto Firmino equalised shortly after half-time after he headed in from Jordan Henderson's cross. leroy milner netted the winner six
the first ever positive steroids test in the history of Scottish rugby. it's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise, the positive test or the heineken cup. i don't buy the argument that players are under pressure to buy steroids.
TRNSMT is being held on what was traditionally the weekend of the T in the park festival. radiohead will headline the opening night, with Kasabian headlining on Saturday and biffy Clyro closing the festival on Sunday. police say security will be tight at the festival following the recent terror
the yongbyon reactor was shut down in 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal. but Pyongyang vowed to restart it in 2013, following its third nuclear test. the white house said the international community would not accept north Korea as a nuclear state
a 64-year-old man from Ramsey has been arrested in connection with the case. police reopened the investigation in April, and discovered human bones. mr Bedford was last seen on the evening of 28 September 1990.
racehorse owner marwan koukash wants to make salford reds the biggest rugby club in the country within three to four years. the millionaire has made bold bids to sign Sam tomkins and adrian morley. former great Britain and Bradford bulls
the Joyce twins starred as the Irish made it three wins out of three in Bangkok. Isobel took four wickets as Zimbabwe were dismissed for a paltry 78. victory over Scotland will secure a place in next year's world twenty20.
inspectors said the hospital demonstrated "poor leadership" and "only a limited capacity to improve" staff were let down by agency workers, who were not as committed. Norman Betchley died in 2009 after he was mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse.
Cavendish came sixth in the first of six events - the scratch race. the 31-year-old was second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race with three more events on Monday. Becky James broke the women's sprint Olympic record in qualification.
health accounts for about half of stormont's departmental spending. last week, health minister Michelle O'Neill said her department needed "significant additional funding" money will go directly to unscheduled care which includes emergency departments.
Tyler and Cameron winklevosses accuse facebook of 'intentionally or inadvertently suppressing evidence' row dates from 2003 when the twins hired him to write code for their connectU site.
the teenager was knocked down by a car in Rotherham on Saturday. the car involved was thought to have been travelling towards dalton. its driver was not injured in the crash.
as defence correspondent of the daily express he beat his rivals to a string of scoops. after his retirement he published a series of books alleging spies at the top level. while at university some fellow students tried to sign him up to the Soviet cause.
Stewart had rejected a move to the british club on Wednesday. he has now agreed personal terms and passed his medical. the striker could make his debut against Leeds on saturday.
former private, in her 20s, has accepted a conditional caution for misconduct in a public office. she has agreed to make a payment of £40 to an armed forces charity. arrested at her home under the metropolitan police's operation elveden.
care inspectorate gave Nithsdale house a score of one - the lowest possible. weaknesses at Drumpellier lodge in the city's bargeddie area were also found. inspectors noted that there had been "very little progress" following earlier inspection.
officers called to Derby road, enfield at 15:30 GMT on saturday. reports of a gun being seen in a car were stopped at 16:00 GMT. four men were arrested and are being held at a north London police station.
Lancaster's caton road substation went offline at 11:00 BST. power supplies resumed at 16:30 BST in the remaining 10,000 properties. a flood at the facility during storm desmond in 2015 left 55,000 without power.
the plans for the development on the Hatchfield farm estate in newmarket, Suffolk, had been approved by forest heath district council. but last year local government secretary sajiv javid refused to accept the decision. planning judge said the decision was fatally inconsistent and "plainly deficient"
since launching late on 14 may the chain ferry has broken down, run aground and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard agency. council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at cowes would be free until 2 July "in recognition of the problems" he said the council had ordered a
the 24-year-old joined Lille on a season-long loan last summer. he has made just five appearances since his return from the 2017 africa cup of nations. the Tunisian has played 16 games for les dogues, scoring once.
British astronaut has been up there for six weeks. took time out to speak to children and share some experiments.
seven-times Irish champion martyn irvine wins sports personality of the year. the 28-year-old wins award ahead of AP McCoy and motorcyclist michael dunlop. Irvine became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in
a major emergency had been declared at the airport after the italian plane lost communication. it was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution and landed without incident shortly before 20:00. police Scotland said the C-27J had been flying from Iceland to
two men aged 32 and 37 were arrested in Stoke-on-trent and three others in Birmingham. the men were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. a number of properties in the Stoke and Birmingham areas have been searched as part
for the first time, there are 24 teams competing in the finals. only eight teams will fail to qualify from the group stage. world champions germany are one of the favourites to win the whole thing.
GB take on european title contenders Greece at the copper box in london. three members of that team will be missing from the game. the game will be GB's only home game before they compete at FIBA EuroBasket 2017.
fly-half Bernard foley kicked all australia's points, with Dan Bigger twice on target for Wales. it was Wales' 11th consecutive defeat against the australians, a run going back to 2008. australia now face Scotland in the quarter-final on 18 October, with Wales against
cotter will leave the Scotland job and be replaced by Gregor townsend at the end of the season. scotland have not won an opening day Six nations fixture since 2006. Strauss will start at number eight against Ireland at Murrayfield on saturday.
"industrial-strength" extremists cannot be dealt with "just with force of arms", he says. the retired general describes IS as "a formidable enemy" he described the recent capture by IS of Ramadi as a "strategic loss"
the breach happened 10 days ago when the council's website service provider was targeted by hackers. the city of Edinburgh council assured those affected no other personal details were accessed. officials have warned of a potential increase in spam or phishing emails.
rebels said to have launched attacks in the province of latakia and in neighbouring Hama. opposition delegation in Geneva said it intended to suspend formal peace talks. cessation of hostilities brokered by the us and Russia to make way for peace talks. escalating fighting in
Instagram has never made a profit despite being bought by facebook for $1bn. early efforts by the company to generate revenue were met with user backlash. social media advertising is a booming business in the us.
the 2016 Hyundai Mercury music prize takes place at the hammersmith Apollo on 15 september. the 12 nominated albums will be cut down to six finalists, one of whom will be chosen by a public vote. radiohead are also shortlisted for their album a moon shaped pool
Gurpal virdi, 56, of hounslow, west London, was acquitted by the jury. he had denied indecently assaulting a male prisoner and misconduct in public office. the charges dated back to on or before 7 November 1986
uk government under pressure to change its approach to leaving the EU. both major parties have told voters they want to leave the single market. but he played down differences with the Welsh Government over Brexit.
families held private meetings with theresa may in the wake of the hillsborough inquests. they called on the home secretary to put the force into remedial measures. it is understood the proposed 'hillsborough law' would seek to place a further onus on those in public office
inciting people to harass others online, known as virtual mobbing, could also result in court action. director of public prosecutions said it means the CPS would prosecute just as if offences occurred offline. new guidance aims to help police identify online crimes more easily.
eyewitnesses say four shots rang out of a single-storey, squat school building. throngs of local people protesting against Indian rule near the school. election authorities say some 170 people, including 100 women and children, were killed.
incident involving a silver transit truck in Talysarn, Gwynedd, on friday. woman was flown to Ysbyty Gwydd in Bangor by air ambulance, but later died.
bids submitted by abellio, arrivala, keolisamey and mTR for the next Wales and borders franchise. successful bidder will have to make a slice of its profits available to be reinvested in the railway. bidders will also be responsible for
Robbie has presented the Scottish dance music show Take the Floor since the early 1980s. the 80-year-old was a compere and producer of variety shows before broadcasting. he has been a regular commentator on the Highland games circuit.
Carlisle have three 'home' fixtures at neutral grounds following flooding at Brunton park. Stanley's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging. the Cumbrians beat notts county at Preston's deepdale on Saturday.
supporters had been on a stadium tour but cut themselves off. the pair were found during a security sweep of the stadium. police decided not to arrest the pair.
Accrington Stanley beat Preston north end 3-1 in the efl cup. Billy Kee scores in stoppage time to give Stanley victory. Ben Richards-everton had given the hosts the lead.
Andrew bickel, 39, was fixing a light at the catwel shop in Cardiff two weeks ago. he returned to find his tools were gone, with "no explanation of how, why or when" his original facebook post about the mistake went viral.
veterinary medicine studies mean muir will not be with the Scotland team at next year's event. the 24-year-old finished fourth and sixth in the 1500m and 5,000m at the world athletics championships. she says the world indoor championships in march are "potentially
former striker jailed for eight months in may after admitting online banking fraud. southend boss Phil brown expects ranger to return to training before their first league game. ranger scored eight goals in 27 league appearances last season.
veteran broadcaster sir terry died of cancer on sunday at the age of 77. a book of condolences has been opened in his birthplace of Limerick. "he was the absolute governor," says tv presenter and radio 2 breakfast show host.
unions at BAE systems have warned of possible delays to funding for the royal navy's new frigates. but the Scottish conservative leader Ruth Davidson insisted there was no change to the timetable. labour said it was vital that promises were kept while the lib dems called for an end to
next week's vote in 11 states is held on what is known as Super Tuesday. the three men are seeking to be named as the Republican candidate in November's election. mr Trump has won three of the first four contests held so far.
jamala is the first Crimean Tatar to perform at Eurovision. her song 1944 deals with Stalin, Crimea and claims of ethnic cleansing. former Soviet countries that would "normally vote for Russia" voted for Ukraine instead.
five men drowned at camber sands, east sussex, last year. families of the men who died said a lifeguard service could have saved their lives. councillor said council needed to act after the "significant and unprecedented" deaths.
partick thistle captain says losing archibald would be a hard act to follow. the swindon manager has been linked with other managerial vacancies. partick Thistle are on the verge of losing promising centre-back Liam Lindsay.
all 10 suspects had their passports confiscated after they were detained at airport. police say none of the suspects have been charged, but investigations are ongoing. canada's public safety minister commended officers for their "vigilance"
Dixon made his debut for the club in the league cup tie against accrington. the 21-year-old was captain of the club's under-21 side. Dixon could make his debut against Newport on saturday.
health secretary Jeremy hunt said he did not want to "turn GPs into border guards" one senior doctor questioned the government's figures and said doctors should not have to spend time "vetting eligibility"
the Giants took an early lead before Scott aarssen equalised late in the first period. however, second-period goals from Ryan Martinelli and mark garside put Belfast in control. alex foster increased the lead to 4-1 before Steve Saviano completed the scoring with five minutes
steam engine was initially built in doncaster, but took its name from the Edinburgh to London service on which it ran. last original locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966.
only one man out of five initial cases heard at the high court in Leeds has been awarded compensation. a judge ruled in favour of one claimant and ordered the church to pay £14,000 in damages. former head of St William's James carragher was jailed for the
the film, written by JK rowling and starring Eddie redmayne as newt Scamander, took a total of £15.3m. it is the third highest opening weekend from the series, behind the two final Harry Potter films. the film also worked its magic at north american cinemas
the 22-year-old fractured her neck and back after colliding with Elis Ligtlee. she dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc in her neck during the omnium final. racing at the event was cancelled after the 2013 world championships bronze medallist
life expectancy difference between men and women peaked at nearly six years in 1970s. if current trends continue, both sexes could, on average, be living to the age of 87 in 2030. the reason could be down to men living a healthier lifestyle.
former APCC chief executive Nazir afzal appeared on question time. board advised against appearance because of potentially controversial policing issues. he stepped down and appeared on the programme on 25 may.
ratings agency moody's downgraded china's credit rating, its investor benchmark. ratings highlight growing concerns about the amount of debt world's most populous country is carrying. issue is the debt being carried by the country's companies, or more specifically the "state-owned enterprises"
professor says Thames water will make at least £100m a year if it goes ahead. utility firm says tunnel is the best way to stop sewage dumping in river Thames. Thames Water says no decision on financing the project has been made.
NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21% of salmon and 25% of sea trout dying each year. tidal lagoon power (tlp) said the claims had no "clear scientific basis" tilght case scenario: lagoon killing 2% of all species of fish
sale sharks sign south africa-born forward josh strauss for next season. the 30-year-old's contract with the scottish champions expires this summer. he has been sidelined by a kidney injury since the six nations defeat by france
flight MU736 was heading from Sydney to Shanghai. pilot reported problems with engine about one hour after taking off. flight landed safely and there were no reports of injuries.
Katy James was refused leave to remain because her husband earns less than £18,600 per year. the couple live in eastbourne and have a daughter, aged two. immigration minister says after an interval review the home office will reconsider her application.
this week's theme for the gallery is "love" find out how you can submit your pictures and videos. email us at england@bbc.co.uk or post it on facebook or twitter.
all 42 Scottish clubs discussed league reconstruction on tuesday. proposals include a 16-team top-flight in the Czech top division. technical director and general manager of the Czech national team steve fitzel.
the appointment is likely to further divide Mr Kabila's opponents. talks to negotiate his exit from power broke down last week. the failure to organise the polls led to deadly demonstrations by opposition supporters.
adebayo akinfenwa scores second goal of the season for Wycombe. chairboys have lost just one of six league games at Adams park this term.
staff will strike until after next week's federal budget, one of the year's biggest local news days. cuts come in addition to restructuring and cuts in recent years. Fairfax is suffering from falling circulation of its print editions and declining advertising revenue.
17-year-old nominated for BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015 award. trainer and jockey racked up 68 wins across the last 12 months. marquand won the champion apprentice trophy in his maiden season.
negotiators from Cuba and Norway say a week of talks will begin in havana on 10 December. the talks aim to bring an end to five decades of conflict, in which 220,000 people are estimated to have died. rebels seized general ruben alzate and two others
Akpan had a goal disallowed for handball in Tuesday's loss at Sheffield Wednesday. he was then shown a red card by Scott Duncan for his protests. blackburn have been charged with failing to ensure players conducted themselves.
biologists studied a group of Sydney octopuses off australia's east coast. they observed a range of behaviour that may indicate complex social signalling. researchers dubbed the stance the "Nosferatu pose", referring to 1920s horror film.
the 22-year-old joins an impressive list at the aegon open on 4-12 June. british top three Johanna konta, Heather Watson and Naomi broady will also play. Robson reached world number 27 in July 2013, but has struggled since.
government says all the bodies were buried in a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies. but human rights watch says they must check to see if any of the people killed during anti-government protests in January have been buried there.
everton have been without a manager since they sacked Roberto Martinez. the 53-year-old Dutchman will sign a deal reported to be worth about £6m a year. he will take brother Erwin and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg with him to goodi
sajid javid accused some councils of "fudging" the numbers on housing need in their area. the response to the government's proposals has been decidedly mixed. "re-treading old ground" was how the national association of commercial finance brokers described them.
the tractor was carrying two tons of explosives, a state news agency says. a suicide bomber detonated the explosives at a police station, it adds. turkey has carried out hundreds of air raids on PKK bases since 24 July. the PKK has been
Robert Thomson, 18, from bellshill, was last seen on friday 3 June. he was reported missing by his family two days later. the body was found in woods near Kilbrennan drive, motherwell.
the study has been carried out by a team of academics from the CIES football observatory. the academics have calculated the transfer value using criteria that includes player performance and characteristics, such as age and length of contract. there are 42 premier league players in the top 100.
Solar Impulse is a single-seat, propeller-driven aircraft aiming to circumnavigate the globe using just the energy of the sun. it has a wingspan bigger than a jumbo jet and weighs little more than the size of a large car. the
Yvonne Mosquito, the west Midlands Deputy PCC, was suspended after visiting a murder victim's family without informing officers. allegations related to a visit she paid to the family of Kenichi Phillips, 18, who was shot dead in a car in Birmingham,
"he always wanted to share the great and beautiful things in life," his son says. Lauren Graham, who played his on-screen daughter, says it was a "devastating blow to lose him" Herrmann played the beloved grandfather Richard Gilmore on Gilmore girls. he was diagnosed with
Northern Ireland beat Poland 2-0 to remain in contention for a place in the last 16. winger Niall McGinn scores twice and becomes the second-oldest goalscorer at a european championship. the result means northern ireland can still qualify as a best third-
judge rules there is nothing in the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement to prevent government triggering Article 50. cross-party group of politicians suggested the government could not trigger Article 50 without a parliamentary vote. victims' campaigner Raymond McCord said that "without a doubt" he would be taking
Aaron barley, 23, has been charged with their murders and the attempted murder of Mr Wilkinson. he is also accused of stabbing his wife, 50-year-old Tracey, and son, 13, to death. "i will miss them both so much," says Lydia Wilkins
Matthew Todd Miller, 24, was sentenced to six years of hard labour. he had been in custody since 10 April when he destroyed his tourist visa and demanded asylum. notes produced in court suggested he was involved with wikileaks.
the head of the national exam board has offered to resign. the annual test determines the academic futures of high school students. a good score would mean a spot in one of south Korea's top universities.
Gloucester have played away from their Meadow park home since a flood in 2007. planning permission approved to permit work on building a new ground for Gloucester. the university of Gloucestershire-based all golds currently play in Cheltenham.
in a radio interview, a south armagh MP claimed the labour leader suggested phoning his father. the claim followed an interview in which he called for Mr Corbyn to "reach out beyond his comfort zone" a spokesman for the leader said at the time that it was
eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic games will be involved in the tour of britain. omnium silver medallist and team pursuit gold medallist Tom dumoulin will also race. the eight-day event concludes in London on 11 September.
the 40-year-old worked for wessex heartbeat, which supports the cardiac centre at Southampton general hospital. he pleaded guilty to four offences of fraud and money laundering. the crown prosecution service will now decide whether he should face trial.
the victim's son eloped with an upper-caste girl about a month ago. police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon. the village falls in the constituency of the state's chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.
Turkish forces have targeted so-called Islamic State (IS) inside Syria. but they have also gone after Kurdish fighters in the same region. the pursuit has led to criticism by the united states.
mae rhannau o e-byst yr esgobion drwy gais dan y ddeddf gwarchod data. yn eu barn nhw, byddai
embattled electronics giant is hoping for loans of up to 250bn yen ($2.2bn; £1.6bn) sumitomo mitsui banking, mizuho bank and sumitsuo trust bank in talks. funds vital for the
record fourth-innings run chase in Asia is 209 in 2010. England reach 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah. mohammad hafeez hits 151 as Pakistan bowled out for 355 in their second innings.
new zealand coach says his players knew who would be selected for the test matches. gatland's side face the provincial barbarians in the tour opener on saturday. he says each of his 41-man squad is in contention to face the all blacks
the 24-year-old played 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock last season. he will compete with James Tavernier at Ibrox.
a descendant of one of the infants fed from the decanter has handed it into the care of inverness museum. Donald MacMillan's grandmother Christina Ross was the daughter of a shepherd who was cleared from the estate. the families later left to settle in other parts of
the 31-year-old pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Eddie Girvan, 67, in may. she was told she must serve three years in prison for the "horrific crime" the victim "must have suffered terribly" according to the judge.
firearms and related goods generated 136 sales per month and a monthly revenue of $80,000 (£62,000) the firearms trade has gained attention following recent terrorist attacks. police believe the 2016 Munich shooting, which left nine people dead, used weapons purchased on the dark net.
comedian and actor has been married to malaak Compton-rock for 19 years. couple have two daughters together, daughters, lola Simone, 12, and Zahra Savannah, 10. rock made his name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s.
Paul Mason, of Ipswich, used to weigh 70 stone (440kg) but has lost more than 40 stone (254kg) with the help of gastric band surgery. he hopes the procedures in new york will help shed seven stone (44kg) his visa application had been delayed due
Hsp90 inhibitors strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments. this makes the drugs particularly promising for treating drug-resistant cancers. prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk.
the agreement between the EPFL and Uefa ended on 15 march. it had been in place to boost attendances and television viewing figures for european matches. arsenal's FA Cup replay against Hull City was given special dispensation.
at least 66,000 girls and women in the uk are believed to be victims of FGM. teachers need more training to help them identify and protect girls at risk. campaigners say girls are most at risk during the long summer holidays.
the 19-year-old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday. officers cordoned off an area of the park as part of their investigation. anyone with information was asked to contact police Scotland.
Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday's match against Bournemouth after Bob Bradley's sacking. ex-Derby manager Paul Clement is the first choice to take over at the swans. the 62-year-old believes the
total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12% on previous year. average sum owed at start of repayment was £19,280 for those repaying loans in 2017. figures come from the Student Loans Company and cover 2016/17.
man charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation. police say he sat as "third pilot" in cockpit of plane which flew from Munich to Turin. no motive for the man's actions was reported immediately.
the last government made progress on the issue, but more had to be done. the pm agreed parents should be responsible for making sure children speak english. people from outside the EU applying for a visa to join their spouse or partner now have to prove they have a basic command of english before their application is
the number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013. the UK government said its plan for a national living wage would help people. people are classed as being in poverty if their household earns less than 60% of the national average income.
the ruling relates to the working time directive, which caps the working week at 48 hours. 975,000 people in the UK could fall under the remit of the ruling, says the TUC. the ruling is unlikely to affect people who work both in an office and remotely.
more than 8,400 people have died in the world's worst outbreak of the Ebola virus. reopening of schools in Guinea comes four days after the number of confirmed cases in the country had fallen to its lowest weekly total since august. many schools have introduced health precautions, including hand-
the FTSE 100 has fallen for nine sessions in a row, its longest losing streak since 2011. the Dow Jones, Nasdaq and S&P 500 indexes all down more than 3% by the close. factory output in china shrank at its fastest pace in more than six
Sylvia fleming, 17, was pregnant when she was murdered in Omagh in 1998. her body parts were found under the foundations of a partially-built house eight weeks later. she was sentenced to life in 2000, but has been taking part in a pre-release scheme
video posted by Chechen president portrayed him through a sniper's gun sights. he has criticised social network Instagram for removing the controversial video. former prime minister Kasyanov now leads parnas, a small liberal opposition party.
manchester united beat arsenal 1-0 at the emirates stadium on saturday. it was louis van gaal's first away win of the season. united keeper David de gea was man of the match but made a lot of saves. chelse
BrewDog hopes to raise up to $50m within six months to help fund expansion. plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus, ohio. more than 1,200 people have already signed up to the equity for punks us scheme.
unions won backing for strike action after the firm proposed closing the final salary scheme. workers have now agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining open. a proposed national strike scheduled for 22 June was suspended following talks.
JAB Holding will pay a 78% premium to the closing price to buy the company. the deal will make JAB the biggest player in the north american single-serve coffee pod market. despite the higher cost of a single serve coffee pod compared to a cup of filter coffee
Strathclyde university produced a poster saying "bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes she'd used a password" the image attracted criticism on social media, with the university accused of "victim blaming" the university said the poster had been removed and should not have been made.
victim named by police as 22-year-old man found collapsed in barnet. he was treated for a single stab wound but died soon after arriving at hospital. police have launched a murder inquiry and appealed for witnesses to come forward.
chiefs had only four players included in squads for this year's six nations. that compares to seven players called up from each of leaders wasps, second-placed Saracens and fourth placed bath's squads. "we actually didn't start this season very
Celtic thrash partick thistle 5-0 to go 38 games unbeaten in the scottish premiership. Celtic are looking to become the first team to go a 38-game campaign unbeaten. rodgers: "it was a joy to watch the team. five special
penglais farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms, but only 700 will be ready this month. the university said developer balfour beatty confirmed the remaining 300 rooms would be ready during the 2015-16 academic year.
Skye and Marshall did not appear at a christmas lights switch on in Londonderry. derry city and Strabane district council has since apologised. Nickelodeon said they had not "organised or authorised" the use of the characters.
ex-Villa player and former forest boss, 51, quits his role as Chris Hughton's number two. the move to the west Midlands gives Calderwood a shorter daily commuting distance from his home. "when I heard Colin was interested he shot
Harlequins centre will lead Wales in June Tests against tonga and samoa. Roberts was not selected this time by Warren gatland for the new zealand tour. the 30-year-old has started 83 of his 91 Tests for
new head coach Eddie Jones said he was going up to Murrayfield to set the tone and leave with the win. centre Jonathan Joseph didn't really get the ball and the wingers mainly got it from kick returns so there is still a bit of finesse for England to put around the back
the final handover between Daniel Talbot and Adam gemili was not completed in time. "it's disappointing as we could have been in contention in the final," says gemili. Favourites Jamaica rested usain bolt but still won heat one.
a 38-year-old man, who was a back seat car passenger, is in a critical but stable condition in hospital following the crash at about 22:15 on Wednesday. the injured passenger suffered serious stomach and abdomen injuries. police said the driver and six other passengers on the single-deck
Mohammed anwar, from Thornliebank, was trapped underneath the forklift. it appeared to hit a kerb, causing it to crash in east kilbride. emergency services attended but he died at the scene.
Adams will make her professional debut in Manchester on saturday. the 34-year-old will fight argentine virginia carcamo. she has been training alongside american light-heavyweight champion andre ward.
all sorts of conflicting signals are coming out of the talks in Vienna meant to end all the hostility between the major world powers and Iran over its much disputed nuclear programme. if there is an agreement then it gives everyone much greater assurance that Iran is not going to make a break for nuclear weapons,
former chief executive of anglo Irish bank is charged with 33 offences. charges include false accounting linked to transactions worth 7bn euros (£5.4bn) he resigned in 2008 as the bank was collapsing and moved to the u.s. in 2009.
Lala Njava is passionate about the issues her native land faces. she is donating a portion of the revenues from her CD sales to a tree planting project. in this performance for the BBC's africa beats series, she is supported by her brothers, pata and dozzy.
the formation of an Advisory Commission on Rakhine state represents a rare glimmer of hope. former UN secretary general Kofi Annan has been tasked with taking a fresh look at the issues. report likely to insist that the Rohingya's basic human rights
roger federer beat frenchman Nicolas mahut in the first round of the queen's club. defending champion novak djokovic won his first match on grass. serena williams and maria sharapova will play each other in the
record 3.6 million turned out to vote in the Scottish independence referendum. more than 100,000 of the total were 16 to 17-year-olds who had registered to vote. a survey said 71% of 16 to-17-year olds voted for Scotland to be independent and 29% voted against
Lewis Hamilton and nico rosberg are regarded as the two towering talents of their generation. but it is highly unlikely to happen because alonso is under contract to McLaren. red bull say they have no intention of letting Ricciardo go, but there is just
analysis of 61 separate studies suggests nicotine in cigarette smoke may be altering the brain. experts said it was a "pretty strong case" but needed more research. smoking has long been associated with psychosis.
two crews and a hovercraft from weston-super-mare were called just after midnight. they rescued two adults and two children from uphill beach. the police and ambulance service also attended.
former archbishop of canterbury says he's dropped opposition to the Assisted Dying bill. legislation would make it legal for adults in england and wales to be given assistance. it would apply to those with less than six months to live. the current archbis
former england captain lineker says sacking of manager is "sad" and "inexplicable" the 56-year-old says the decision is "a panic decision and for me a wrong decision" he says it "takes away from the glory" of last season
two more people have been pulled alive from the rubble of the eight-storey building. a group of about nine survivors has also been located. officials plan to bring in cranes within the next few hours. more than 350 people have died since the disaster.
19-year-old goalkeeper Harry Lewis signs three-year contract with united. deniz mehmet and hibernian midfielder Sam Stanton also sign on one-year deals. last season's first-choice goalkeeper cammy bell could leave for Kilmarnock
former republic of ireland goalkeeper pat Bonner gives his verdict on Celtic. former defender willie miller gives his marks out of 10 for the scottish champions. jack wilshere and joey barton among those to give their verdict
the public inquiry will examine the central question - who was responsible for the poisoning. police believe two Russians, Alexander Lugovoi and Dimitri Kovtun, are to blame. both men, though, have denied any involvement.
Betsi Cadwaladr university health board gave £20,000 towards the lap of Wales challenge. auditors found the board breached its own rules and regulations in handling the funding. board officials said they would learn from the experience.
incident happened on morningside road, near to Jordan lane, at 11:45 on sunday. police appeal to anyone who may have seen the elderly woman, or the bin lorry, before the incident occurred.
the tractor was pulled over by officers in the village of Ripley. two other males were on board. police said the driver had no licence, was not insured and did not have permission from the tractor's owner.
anh nhu nguyen, 52, is accused of defrauding charities and kcc. he pleaded not guilty to both counts at southwark crown court. his trial is due to take place in December.
africa will go through six human actions this year - it will stand, kneel, squat, bow, fall and then rise again. there are two prominent men who will be kneeling before voters to ask for a job. in the same month, his Kenyan neighbour Uhuru
Robert Fidler, 66, built the house in Salfords, in the greenbelt, in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales. he was told to tear down his home by 6 June or face jail. council counsel said he had made "very good progress"
the £570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began in march 2012. the first public trams started running at 06:00 BST. delays were initially blamed on unexpected numbers of pipes and cables.
three vans have been targeted while helping with the project in west bromwich. presenter tweeted on Wednesday to say he was "really disappointed" by the thefts. the programme is extending the home of a mother who died from cancer.
revenues in the year fell 27% to £1.6bn as the price of oil continued to fall. it is the second year in a row the oil company has reported a loss. oil prices have slumped by 70% since the middle of 2014.
EE dominated for speed, while three was a close second in terms of reliability. EE said it gave "customers everywhere in the UK the best mobile experience" Rootmetric's tests saw data scientists cover 23,000-mile area of the UK.
Johnston, 27, admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit. at dumfries sheriff court he was ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and given the driving ban. "i was just trying to find my way home," he told the court
900 families were facing eviction because their homes stood in the way of the planned route for the Transolimpica bus rapid transit system. the new 25km rapid bus route is part of the upgrades planned ahead of the 2016 Olympic Games, which the city is hosting. instead of running straight over the
graphite bricks at the core of the reactor at Dungeness will be allowed to lose weight. the bricks, which degrade over time due to radiation, are vital for safety. a breach of the safety margin could have forced the ONR to prosecute or even shut it down
Walter Palmer is believed to have paid about??32,000 to hunt lions in the wild. he said he thought the hunt was legal and didn't know the lion was protected. thousands have signed a petition asking for Cecil's killer to be punished.
Lagavulin is launching a single cask edition of 522 bottles of its single malt whisky. sales of the £1,494 bottles are set to see £310,000 donated to Islay Heritage. the Finlaggan trust, which maintains the Lord of the Isles,
inquest hears artist took cocaine, ecstasy and temazepam before he drank the liquid. former partner, John fitzherbert, said he drove him to hospital in the early hours. pathologist said acid severely burned his mouth, tongue and throat before
nigerian rower Chierika ukogu has won a silver medal in the women's single sculls. the 23-year-old raised $15,000 (£11,400) on her gofundme page. she finished 20th in the final
flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh airport at 14:22 but declared a second emergency a short time later. it comes a day after the same aircraft diverted to Edinburgh from heathrow with a fuel leak problem. there were no passengers on the plane.
the great city games, an open and free event for the public, is due to take place in manchester. a decision on Sunday's great manchester run "is expected in the next 24 hours" the FA cup final, EFL play-offs and the PGA Championship are also this week
the department for education met the expense from its overall budget, says the report. in may 2010 there were 203 academies, which are publicly funded independent state schools. by September 2012 some 2,309 schools had converted, representing a growth of 1,307%.
british golfer is a contender for a place in Darren Clarke's Ryder cup team. 27th in the world rankings, 131 places above the nearest Scot, richie ramsay. he is playing in his home town of inverness this
Karen downes is taking legal action over a 13-year gap in releasing CCTV images of the teenager's last day alive. the 14-year-old from Blackpool disappeared on 1 November 2003. police have declined to comment.
police want to know what influence Mr Bach had over ticketing policy. IOC president received requests for hundreds of high-value tickets, police say. police have not made contact with the president's office to request a formal interview.
Malawi's first female vice-president took power over the weekend after the death of president bingu wa Mutharika. she refused to endorse his plans for his brother to succeed him as president in 2014 when he was due to retire. a senior ruling party official openly said Malawi was "
the draw for the first round of the efl cup was streamed live from Bangkok. there was confusion after the draw, which was hampered by technical problems. 12 former league cup winners have been handed ties in the competition. the final of this season's competition will take
two men plead guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime. they are not believed to have snatched the monkeys from their enclosure. a female and a baby were retrieved on Sunday, and are back at the zoo.
parliament's intelligence and security committee says recruiters should try websites like mumsnet to help increase the proportion of female spies. report says women in intelligence services are being held back by a layer of male, middle managers labelled "the permafrost"
the caliph was speaking at a conference held at the Baitul futuh mosque. he said his "heartfelt sympathies" were with the victims of last week's attack. five people died and 50 were hurt outside parliament, last Wednesday.
the 31-year-old had publicly revealed she was expecting her third child during a concert in may. a statement on her twitter account on Monday said: "now is a time for grieving and being together as a family."
Guy Tomlinson, 37, was being chased by officers when his car hit a tipper truck. David anger and Christopher needham, who were both passengers in the car, died in the crash. the collision was described as "horrific" by Leicestershire police.
"for years I felt I was in the wrong body," says 81-year-old transgender woman. a gender identity panel met for the first time at stormont on Monday. minister Megan fearon said the gathering was about "bringing marginalised people together"
the new world was found 100 light-years away, beyond our Solar System. it's been named 51 Eridani b and is only 20 million years old - very young by astronomical standards. the baby Jupiter has the strongest methane gas signature ever found on an alien planet
more than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the two-day event at Newport's Celtic manor resort. security for the summit will be provided by 9,500 police officers drawn from 43 UK police forces. 12 miles (20km) of security fencing already in place at key sites in Cardiff and in
a 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of an offence under the computer misuse act. he was later bailed and released on police bail pending further inquiries. miss middleton's legal team said there had been a "genuine hack"
"racist" graffiti found scrawled on a Polish cultural centre in west London. "xenophobic abuse" directed against the Polish community, ambassador says. police are investigating suspected post-referendum racism in Cambridgeshire.
open-side flanker underhill ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury. underhill made 133 appearances for scarlets before moving to london Irish last season. flanker joins Ospreys having initially signed for carmarthen quins.
the convoy was heading to le Bourget airport when it was raided, reports say. gunmen reportedly armed with Kalashnikov rifles targeted a Mercedes mini-van. the driver and two other Saudis were later freed.
Sara cox is english rugby union's only referee at the 2016 rio olympics. the 26-year-old refereed at the european sevens series event in england. she is the sole woman centrally-contracted as a match
emergency numbers were down and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links. flights were delayed and cancelled at sumburgh airport. BT said problems were caused by "blown rectifiers and fuses"
headmaster of Beaulieu convent school in jersey says prom is a distraction. he cites a letter from a colleague who said preparations and event were "not constructive" a former pupil said the prom was an important milestone and accused the school of overreacting.
2,000 people are trying to cross the border into turkey from syria. the city of raqqa is the de facto capital of so-called Islamic state. isis is one of the main factors driving the mass migration of people to Europe.
professional darts corporation chief executive quits o's in 2014. the 37-year-old landed the same role with the club under Barry hearn in 2006. he left the club in October 2014 following the takeover of the club by Francesco becchetti
at 81, justice Ginsburg is the oldest serving judge on the supreme court. she said she "couldn't resist the fine wine" at an event with fellow justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Ginsburg was repeatedly pictured slumbering in her chair as president
police searched an address on peakdale avenue, crumpsall, manchester. the suspect, 26, was arrested the following day on suspicion of offences under the Terror Act. police would not comment on the nature of the alleged offence.
popular leader calls it "the hardest decision I've ever made" he says he will not be seeking a fourth term in the 2017 election. Deputy prime minister bill english is likely to take over until a caucus is held.
labour accuses the tories of running a "negative, nasty campaign" against Diane Abbott. theresa may says Jeremy corbyn has not done enough to condemn abuse. the pm has called for parties to unite against "bullying and harassment"
a 17-year-old girl has been charged with an attempted kidnap of a child. police say the driver may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby. the two girls are both described as white and age 17.
street & arrow food truck to take on additional trainees by March 2017. food truck provides training, mentoring and support for offenders. based on the successful homeboy industries programme in los angeles. scheme has received £208,000 of Scottish government funding.
Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his victim in Argyle street before raping her at a flat in cessnock in 2006. the 33-year-old Iraqi national fled after being convicted of the attack. he features in
a parking lot was searched for a "suspicious person" but no-one was found, police say. five white police officers were shot dead by a black man, micah Johnson, during a protest rally. the shooting came after the police killings of black men by
Ben flynn, 24, enticed the boy to his home with promises to use his playstation. he also offered to pay his victim's bus fare. police described Flynn as a "dangerous predator"
Samantha will operate an electromagnetic levitator, which can heat metals to 2,000°c. it's hoped the results will reveal more about the physics of the metals. she will also be testing new machine technology and how well it works in space.
nether edge green party councillor, Alison teal, served with legal notice for her involvement in protests against Sheffield city council's tree felling programme. charges against her and 13 others were dropped earlier this year. council says protesters had been sent a letter confirming their actions were unlawful
team sky riders tweet their support for their under-fire boss. brailsford has come under scrutiny since Wiggins' use of banned drugs was revealed. former team doctor who received'mystery package' for wiggins has also received support.
Snapchat is renaming itself Snap, Inc. as part of the announcement. Spectacles will go on sale later this year priced at $130 (£100) the glasses will record up to 30 seconds of video at a time.
Guinea-bissau will make their debut appearance at the 2014 african nations cup. the squad will play group a rivals and hosts Gabon in their opening match on saturday. they will also face burkina faso and cameroon in the group stage
prime minister says all good schools should be able to expand. law forbids the opening of new grammar schools. but changes made by coalition government allow enlargement of existing ones.
Freddie Hinds and Bobby Reid scored in the second half for the visitors. defender Jose Holebas was sent off in the 88th minute for a foul on Niclas Eliasson. Adrian Mariappa scored a 95th-minute consolation for the hosts
disorder at HMP Erlestoke began on Saturday when two inmates escaped their cells. prison officer's association said issues surrounded a lack of regime. ministry of justice said "two separate incidents" had been "successfully resolved"
root averaged almost 95 in Test cricket under former coach Peter Moores. the 24-year-old was left out of the team for the final test of the ashes whitewash in 2014. root was last week appointed test vice-captain by new director of cricket.
two goals from Marc-Antoine Fortune set the Shrimpers on their way to victory. Tom Nichols scored the only goal for ninth-placed posh at the ABAX stadium. the win lifts the club up to fifth in the table.
developers say number of homes reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland of building a new road. "people are very upset. this is our last piece of green land," says one resident. inquiry is the "last step" to protect the woodland which has been on the site since
temporary repairs have been made to an embankment on the farnham to alton line. engineers noticed the track was starting to dip after heavy rain. the line is due to reopen on 4 may.
officer said he found the black animal toy wearing an officer's shirt at a police station. he was investigated for making the story up but was later cleared at misconduct hearing. details emerged after a separate case at Thames Valley police in which an officer put a monkey on a black
since 1986, 176 journalists have been killed in the Philippines, one of the most dangerous countries for reporters. Mr Duterte said many of them had "done something wrong" when asked about the high number of attacks on journalists. the former mayor of davao was formally declared the next
Ben Gerring, 29, was in the water near mandurah, south of Perth, when the attack occurred. his injuries were too severe to overcome and he died on friday night. it is not known if a 4.2m (14ft) great white shark was to blame
incident happened at the moelfre lifeboat open day on saturday. two RNLI vessels rescued the man and he was taken to hospital. north Wales police are investigating the incident.
botswana is cash strapped, in negative growth, and having to go to international donors. diamonds outshine any other industry in the country, accounting for one-third of GDP. production has peaked, and experts believe reserves of the precious stone may run out by 2030.
18-month-old died after collapsing at family home in weoley castle, britain. court told she also had a "terrible" spiral leg fracture which had gone untreated. forensic testing of the house where the toddler died revealed traces of her
Kilmarnock's draw away to partick thistle means the gap between them is down to five points. Ryan Dow had put united into a deserved lead midway through the first half. coll Donaldson was sent off for denying Chris Kane an obvious goal-scoring opportunity
Kerri McAuley, 32, was found dead at southalls way, Norwich, on 8 January. her body was found next to a pool of blood with multiple facial lacerations. husband Joe storey, 27, had denied murder but admitted manslaughter.
the unnamed victim is in a stable but critical condition at the hospital. he was trapped by his seatbelt in the crushed car and had his head in water. the men jumped into chest-high water to free the man and resuscitate him.
the number of armed officers will go up in London by 600 to 2,800. and a further 900 are planned to be in operation for the rest of england and wales. the latest announcement comes after 84 people were killed when a lorry ploughed
the law seeks to end italy's post-war era of revolving governments. it awards 340 out of 630 seats to any party that wins more than 40% of the vote. critics complain that the law awards too much power to single parties.
the Dow Jones rose 0.2% to 19,251.78, while the wider S&P 500 gained 0.3% to 2,204.71. banking shares performed strongly, with wells fargo up 2.2%, bank of america rising 1.5% and goldman up by 1.2%. analysts are predicting the Federal
dean collins found guilty of causing death and serious injury by dangerous driving. he was also handed a three-year sentence for serious injury charges. the 24-year-old was driving a borrowed car carrying his partner and their daughter. court heard he had no memory of the
the 49-strong team for the event includes 10 athletes who won gold at Rio 2016. two-time Paralympic champion peacock, 24, missed out on the 2015 World Championships through injury. the event will be held at Stratford's stadium from 14-23 July.
father tells how his wife was allegedly raped in badakhshan province eight years ago. says he has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested because they are politically powerful. stand taken by jahangir and his wife breaks something of a tabo
Ben frost, 27, barricaded himself into girlfriend's flat in princetown on dartmoor. he was arrested two hours after breaking through the roof, magistrates heard.
Jonathan Trott hits 175 as warwickshire total 413 at taunton. young paceman grant thornton takes two wickets on his debut for the bears. a draw remains the most likely result after two badly rain-interrupted days.
Newport County beat Yeovil town 1-0 in their premier league clash. demetriou scored the only goal of the game after 20 minutes. the result leaves the exiles in the relegation zone, one point behind hartlepool.
england beat guinea 4-1 in group d opener. james ward-prowse put the hosts ahead with a penalty. Nathan redmond and george grealish doubled the lead. cauley woodrow added two more in
shadow attorney general apologises for tweet showing house with three flags. shadow foreign secretary says labour leader Ed miliband was "angry" at her. resident of the house, Dan ware, said she was a "snob"
the musician is suing for compensation, according to legal documents filed in los angeles. claim is also filed on behalf of his sister, Karen, who died in 1983. the claim is one of many filed in the US after a 2010 court case involving Eminem.
Myanmar delegation includes temporary power company Aggreko and oil and gas firms Wood Group, Asco and Bibby Offshore. visit comes after Myanmar opened up to international trade and investment following decades of military rule. the delegation is being led by Scottish Enterprise chief executive lena Wilson.
for decades, large numbers of Haitians have migrated to the Dominican Republic, many without papers. children born there to undocumented migrants were not automatically eligible for Dominican nationality. a year ago thousands of returning Haitians arrived at Parc Cadeau.
Surrey county council says it needs to "bridge a £215m funding gap" for 13,000 places. it said nearby Esher school is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity.
the 26-year-old midfielder signed a one-month deal at Portsmouth on monday. he made his debut against coventry in the EFL cup 24 hours later. goalkeeper Liam O'Brien, 24, has also signed short-term deals.
back-row Henderson has a hamstring tear while wing bowe is recovering from a serious knee injury. the return of Ireland internationals Henderson and bowe would be a massive boost for an Ulster side sitting fourth in the pro12 standings.
Crickhowell has only one national chain - boots chemist. all other businesses are family run and independent. 200 people attended a protest over the plan.
John Baird netted his 18th of the season shortly after the break. but Derek Lyle pulled a goal back with a neat turn and finish. Iain Russell's strike levelled the scores in stoppage time.
australia has accepted about 4,500 people fleeing Syria's conflict. but it has stopped short of boosting overall refugee numbers. several members of his own party have called for more to be done for refugees.
under EU rules, GM crops must be formally authorised before they can be cultivated. an amendment came into force earlier this year, allowing member states and devolved administrations to restrict or ban cultivation of GM organisms. rural affairs secretary Richard Lochhead announced the move earlier this
Muslim women's network says school is not at fault as young girls are not required to wear headscarves. school states on its website that "hats or scarves are not allowed to be worn in school" council says it is supporting the school to ensure policies are appropriate.
Alexander Reid repeatedly told department of work and pensions staff he was single. but in reality he lived with his wife Kathleen, despite having claimed to be separated. the 59-year-old, from Dundee, had denied a charge under the social security administration act.
Matthew daley, 35, killed Donald lock, 79, on the A24 in findon, near worthing. daley admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility. judge adjourned the case for sentencing on 8 July.
initial estimate shows growth picking up from the first quarter of the year, when it was 0.2%. ONS said the growth was driven by services, particularly retail, which more than offset falls in output in the manufacturing and construction sectors. analysts said the rise in growth was unlikely to change expectations that the Bank of
30,000 tickets have been sold for the game between Chelsea and notts county. it will be the first Women's FA Cup final to be played at wembley on saturday. "it is a unique, out-of-body experience to play in front of so many
former tory MP, 67, defeated UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill to lead assembly group. ukip leader nigel farage said he was "not particularly in favour of Mr Hamilton's return to the front line" he said: "there you are, perhaps he
Chelsea beat third-placed united 1-0 at stamford bridge to move 10 points clear at top. chelsea will be champions if they win at arsenal and Leicester in next two matches. united dominated possession and had more chances than the blues.
older people's commissioner for Wales will call on pensioners and their friends and families to hear their experiences of residential care. the evidence will be used to develop recommendations for care providers and public bodies. it is part of Ms Rochira's review into the quality of life and care of older people
Mr Evans joined the civil service in 2010 and is currently deputy permanent secretary to the Welsh government. he will succeed Ian Jones in the role from October.
mewn cam annisgwyl, wrth siarad o flaen 10 downing street, dywedodd fod y wlad, yn ei gilydd pleidlais Brexit y
many cultures relate legends of hairy, humanoid creatures that lurk in the wilds. but material claimed to be from such creatures have never been subjected to modern testing. researchers will apply systematic approach and employ latest advances in genetic testing.
uefa report says it is "clearly not possible" to tell whether higenamine is banned. report blames "gaps in communication" between wada and two of its laboratories. crystal palace loanee Sakho served a provisional 30-day suspension
the council for science and technology wants "public good" GM varieties to be grown and tested in the UK. it says GM crops should be assessed individually - like pharmaceuticals. GM field trial applications have fallen from 37 in 1995 to just one in 2012. the key is whether ministers
if you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. you can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share
defence minister says he has "total confidence" in Maj-gen yair golan. golan said trends in Israeli society suggestive of "nauseating processes" that occurred in 1930s nazi germany. comments come at a time of heightened tension between Israelis and
most of S4C's £80m budget comes from the licence fee. culture minister Matt Hancock said secretary of state Karen Bradley was considering the matter.
services will divert to low-level platforms or Glasgow central, bringing timetable changes and in some cases, longer journey times. the work is part of a £60m upgrade project that will allow faster and longer trains to use the station. ScotRail said the closure was
a consortium led by millionaire John Jay Moores is on the verge of securing a £50m deal. the takeover would see the former San Diego padres owner take an 80% stake in the championship club. Moores' consortium were previously interested in buying premier league side
the proportion getting a* to c grades has increased from 68.8% to 69%. the huge annual challenge for the exam system is to balance a number of competing demands. ofqual has always argued that fairness for individual students is not compromised.
global outlook fraught because of weak trade and a series of risks including a uk exit from the EU. IMF last week made its second cut to global growth forecasts this year. it now predicts global growth of 3.2% this year and 3.5% in 2017, having previously forecast 3.4% and
the 10 most popular republicans will take the stage in a debate in ohio on thursday night. the debate will take place four hours later at 9pm local time (01:00 GMT) all eyes will be on hotel tycoon Donald Trump, who leads the polls
the 21-year-old joined Leicester on loan in february, making five appearances. he is one of four uncapped players in the England squad for the summer tests. Genge made his senior debut for Bristol in the 2013-14 british and Irish cup.
minister allayed fears about job losses in a letter to Swansea east AM Mike Hedges. he said the minister's response would "give comfort" to DVLA employees. the chancellor announced that the tax disc would be replaced with an electronic system.
the ewcb made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches. former wicketkeeper Rhodes says it has already made a difference. Worcestershire's two championship matches so far have produced eight centuries.
Facebook has bought up more than 200 acres of silicon valley. it's too early to say exactly what they may do with the site and whether they will go ahead with a full scale giant facebook town. town may be seen as a way of offering something back to the area.
Bailey died after the incident at Cults academy on 28 October. the 16-year-old accused - who cannot be named for legal reasons - appeared in private at Aberdeen sheriff court. he made no plea, was fully committed and remanded in custody.
25-year-old has been with Carlisle since 2008, making 160 appearances for the club. he turned down a new deal to join league one side Walsall on a one-year deal. goalkeeper Liam roberts has agreed a deal with the
Wa-ays Dhaye, 18, died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked in Slough. he was walking home after spending the day at the notting hill carnival. Khianni Gordon, 18, was jailed for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder.
people refusing to believe that the London 2012 Games had finally ended. people seem determined to hold on to that feel-good factor for as long as possible. atmosphere was amazing with crowd dancing and singing along.
the future as unitary states of both Syria and Iraq - central to the Sykes-Picot project - is up in the air. virtually none of the region's present-day frontiers were actually delineated in the document concluded on 16 may 1916 by diplomats. the region
19-year-old joined Celtic from manchester city a year ago. the winger has played in more than 40 games for the champions. his 18-month deal ends in the summer and he intends to return to city.
Premier league teams spent a record £1.38bn on transfers in the 2016-17 season - a 43% increase on transfer spending from the 2014-15 season. Manchester city are the biggest spenders with £26,3m, ahead of Chelsea (£25.1m) and Manchester united (£19
keeper Gilmartin has failed to play a first-team game in three years. the 30-year-old has signed an undisclosed-length deal at colchester. keeper Brill, 31, joined the club in January on a short-term deal.
co-creator of the popular web browser, Tor, says it's not a menace, but a lifeline. he says the scale of the dark web - with its drug deals, weapons sales and child abuse imagery - is insignificant. "there are bad people on the
John and Elizabeth Knott were found dead at their home in bosbury, in herefordshire. each had died from a single shotgun wound. assistant coroner records verdict of unlawful killing. daughter: "mum didn't want to continue to live like that"
scotland were held to a 1-1 draw by maltese in euro 2016 qualifiers. the minnows are ranked 176th in the world. manager steve bruce admits it was a "crisis" for his team.
James Vaughan opened the scoring for bury in the 16th minute. Tom Pope doubled the home side's lead on 40 minutes. Stuart beavon pulled one back for coventry with a 65th-minute header.
government says it has turned back 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach australia by boat. in July a small wooden boat, the first "illegal" vessel entry into australia since June 2014, was spotted off the north-west coast. three of the Vietnamese refugees are now in police detention
marc marquez, 23, started on pole but slipped to fifth after an early technical issue. he overtook second-placed Valentino Rossi with 12 laps to go to secure victory. the victory takes his championship total to 248 points, with four races remaining.
Glover was meant to be back with winning partner Heather Stanning. but Glover, 27, won the with Swann last season. the pair won three world cup events together last season as well as the world title in south Korea.
lib dem leader says it is "dispiriting if pretty unsurprising" to see coalition turn their back on "liberal stance" former deputy prime minister also criticised his former partners' "swagger" over the referendum. he predicted the EU debate would "
output rose 9.3% from a year ago, which was up from march's figure of 8.9%. fixed-asset investment also weakened in the first four months of 2013. manufacturing activity, a subset of industrial production, grew at a slower pace in April.
cnn's john defterios visits the research labs at the u.s. tech giant. visits to its labs in redmond, Beijing and Cambridge show off a range of projects. success of xbox Kinect is proof that the company's R
Labour have exceeded all expectations in Wales, achieving their highest share of the vote in Wales since 1997. the Conservatives also saw their vote share increase across Wales by 6.3%, but this was not enough for them to hold off Labour's surge in Wales. but the Liberal Democrats' torrid time
Tshibola, 20, came through the royals' academy system. he made his professional debut against Nottingham forest in august. pools are awaiting clearance from the football association and the football league.
polling booths opened at 07:00 BST in the area's 15 constituencies. votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00 BST.
the poster with the phrase #prayforjosh appeared in Holywood by the A2. it is part of a social media campaign supporting 13-year-old Joshua martin. the teenager was diagnosed with cancer on christmas Eve. he was due to have an operation on his
the annual celebratory march in the west end gets under way with an increased police presence. Justine greening, secretary of state for international development, announced she is in a same-sex relationship. a rainbow flag is flying at parliament and the red arrows will fly past the march
GKN Aerospace in Yeovil, Somerset, said the potential loss of the contact puts 230 jobs at risk. the firm said the current arrangement was "no longer sustainable". the union Unite said it was a "massive blow".
Matthew Gillard, 25, pleaded not guilty to kidnapping and false imprisonment. he also denied charges of common assault, assaulting a police officer and driving dangerously. the charges relate to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on 4 April.
the rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles (418km) west of the western islands. the government feared that it could be used by "hostile agents" to monitor the hebrides rocket range. people have stayed on Rockall, though only temporarily, in the
the 84-year-old received the city's Citizen of Honour award at a ceremony. he also gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover entitled everybody razzle dazzle. Lord Mayor of Liverpool Roz gladden said he
the 25-year-old joined Alfreton from Tranmere on a two-year deal in may. he has made just five appearances for the minstermen.
a team of scientists carried out a range of experiments on two bioenergy crops. miscanthus grass and short-rotation coppice willow were grown side-by-side. the crops were exposed to a "carbon tracer" - a form of carbon different from
IMF's new official forecast is for the gap between spending and taxes to be a deficit of £7bn in 2019-20, compared with the Office for Budget Responsibility's forecast made at the last budget for a surplus. a senior tory put a brave face on the I
the new series of watchdog begins on 8 October. the show's presenter, michelle ackerley, has presented the show for three years. she says watchdog is the reason she got into television.
Fifa's Ad-Hoc Electoral Committee head is a dual Swiss-Italian national. Scala excused himself from the 2015 elections as he shared nationality with a candidate. the battle to replace long-standing president Blatter takes place in 18 days'
James warnock, 56, has been convicted of the "horrifying" killing of Yiannoulla Yianni, 17. she was attacked while home alone in north-west london in 1982. it was one of the met police's unsolved murders
total expenditure over the two-year period came to £4.3bn, which led to a gross value-added boost to the economy of £8.3bn. spending in London was three times as much as the rest of the UK combined.
Ding extends his first-session lead from 6-2 to 10-2. he scores at least a half-century in every frame he wins. two-time champion Williams had to play with a new tip after splitting his old one.
security assistance has been withheld since 2011, when the Gulf state put down mass protests. but a US State department spokesman said that Bahrain had made progress on human rights. he gave no details about what the security assistance would entail.
the ticket for the Grosvenor in Norwich was bought for seven shillings and sixpence. it was signed at the gig by John lennon and ringo starr. the ticket is being auctioned by bonhams on 3 July.
public accounts committee says there has been a "systemic failing" in support to young people leaving foster care or children's homes. outcomes for 10,000 young people aged 16 or over who leave care each year are "poor and worsening" report says quality and cost of support to care leavers
the association of teachers and lecturers voted to monitor the policing of the requirement. the government brought in the requirement in the wake of the Trojan horse allegations. head of southend high school for boys, Robin Bevan, urged the union to disengage from it.
Keith Davies, 56, from Troedyrhiw, has not been seen since saturday. south Wales police had appealed for information following his disappearance. on monday, the force confirmed a body has been found but has not yet formally identified.
"to attack him for a term, as opposed to what he was actually saying, I think it's very disingenuous," Oyelowo told newsbeat. he said he had spoken to Cumberbatch about the controversy that flared up online over the past few
services cannot cope and deadlines are "routinely breached", the law commission said. the report made several recommendations to improve the system. a landmark 2014 Supreme Court ruling widened the definition of who was subject to the Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards.
right to buy scheme for council houses was one of Margaret thatcher's most popular policies. the number of people who bought their council house rose to 200,000 by 1982. thatcher cut income tax, but also changed the way we pay tax. but some believe other changes sowed seeds of future
the discovery spans adjacent blocks operated separately by the two companies. it has been flow-tested at a maximum rate of 5,350 barrels per day. BP has named it Vorlich.
Mercedes are understood to be against supplying red bull with engines. team principal Christian Horner said he was doing "necessary due diligence" in talking to other manufacturers. red bull's relationship with Renault has been difficult for some time.
passengers had reported sewage on the floors, poor sanitation and lack of access to toilets. chants of "Let me off, let me off!" could be heard coming from the ship. one passenger said the last day was "especially nightmarish because we knew we were so close to land
england scrum-half Danny care claimed a hat-trick as harlequins beat grenoble. loose forward Luke Wallace crossed twice as the hosts booked a home semi-final. winger Fergus Mulchrone scored three tries
"call for sites" forms part of the second stage of a comprehensive review of the island's planning strategy. the department has stressed that no guarantees will be given as to where development can take place. islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications.
new weekly film nights to be held in Kingussie, scotland. village does not have a cinema, but will hold events in a local hotel. de vigne's appearance at the screening will mark the launch.
Somerset close on 348-6, an advantage of 203 runs, after being bowled out for 381. middlesex looked in charge when they reduced Somerset to 59-3 and 126-4. but Trescothick and Trego shared 181 to leave the contest in the balance.
report ordered by the government after claims some Muslim groups were trying to take control. government's report compiled by retired senior police officer Peter Clarke. it says he found evidence of "sustained and co-ordinated agenda"
light went off as a pro-government lawmaker defended the energy policies of president Nicolas maduro. reports said other buildings in the same area of the capital, caracas, were also hit by power cuts. oil-rich Venezuela is in the middle of a deep economic crisis caused by
in Vietnam, handing over a cash-filled envelope to secure faster or better service has become widespread. the number of people who gave envelopes doubled in the three years from 2007-2010. in 2012, 76% of those who had paid a bribe to health service personnel did so
argentina's minister for the islands - called the malvinas locally - announced the case in London. the companies involved are Falkland Oil and Gas, Premier Oil, Rockhopper, Edison International and Noble Energy. he said the area being drilled was "as
prop Mako Vunipola, 25, and 23-year-old brother Billy, started careers at Thornbury rugby club in south Gloucestershire. both have become english regulars since joining Saracens, with Mako winning 29 international caps and Billy 23.
Emma morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the piedmont region of italy. she was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living. attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day.
racing thrash scarlets 64-14 in a champions cup match in paris. new Zealand's world rugby player of the year Dan Carter kicks six goals. Owens believes racing will be hard to beat. head coach Wayne pivac unhappy with his team's discipline.
Saints took the lead when mark percival kicked a penalty, after the Vikings had been penalised for offside. the visitors went in level at the break with theo fages and Matty Smith crossing for the visitors. Alex Mellor and Patrick Ah Van went over for the
Ashley brace could not compete at the Commonwealth games because of kickboxing past. she said she was unhappy with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association. chairman David Francis said the organisation did all it could to help.
former world number one wins her first match since 15-month ban. five-time grand slam champion beats russia's rafael nadal in straight sets. novak djokovic and maria sharapova also through to
djokovic wins 6-3 7-5 in a largely commanding performance. the 29-year-old has now won seven titles this year. he has beaten the japanese on nine successive occasions.
Falkirk beat Cowdenbeath 2-1 at central park in the championship on saturday. 18-year-old striker Botti Bia-Bi equalized with a fine header. the result means the Bairns move up to sixth in the table.
the three big pro-EU centrist blocs are still on course for a majority in the european parliament. but they have lost seats to parties seeking to curb EU powers or abolish the union. in france, the far-right national front stormed to victory with a preliminary 25% of the
pm pledged in 2011 to reduce net migration to levels last seen in 1990s. latest figures show net migration rose to 298,000 for the year ending in september 2014. downing street said rise driven in part by Britain's economic success.
home secretary says it would be "sheer madness" to give up nuclear deterrent. renewing Trident would show Britain was "committed" to working with Nato allies. the home secretary said there was a "rapidly changing terrorist threat"
weekly bin collections a "basic right", communities secretary Eric pickles says. but labour's Hilary Benn says the funding would be better spent on children's centres. ministers say more than 70 councils have signalled interest in applying for funding.
archaeologists have found ancient earthworks, possibly 2,000 years old. discovered in Acre state in the western Brazilian amazon. ditched enclosures concealed for centuries by bamboo-dominated rainforest.
Catalans Dragons beat huddersfield 8-4. hosts took an 8-4 lead in the first half. richie myler and liam watts scored tries for the hosts.
the album also includes an ear-splitting version of Frank Sinatra's My Way. "don quixote is the most metal fictional character that i know," the star said. the actor is known for his numerous appearances as Dracula.
former manchester united striker joined Cardiff in the summer of 2014. Solskjaer's side finished bottom of the premier league for the first time this season. the bluebirds slipped into the bottom three after two home defeats in succession.
former west ham and bolton boss says sunderland must learn from mistakes. allardyce says he doesn't want to go through what he did to get to where they are. the 61-year-old plans to discuss transfer targets with owner Ellis short in the next few
the total turnout was 79,829 - 19.73% of the electorate, which was up 5% from the 2012 election. there was no overall winner with 50 per cent after the initial round.
Her Majesty popped into the Sheep Heid in Duddingston on friday. the 650-year-old inn has been linked to the royals since the 1500s. in 1580, king james VI of scotland gifted the landlord
Stephen was the baby of our family, and the apple of our Mum's eye. his personality was such that people warmed to him instantly. he was popular with teachers and made friends, having the ability to keep friends.
marine will face between six and 12 years imprisonment. case has strained ties between the u.s. and the Philippines.
evidence of suspected match-fixing in elite tennis revealed this week by a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation. doubles representative robert fleming said if anyone was found to be doing it, that should be them. he said he had no idea as to the identity of the
Pte Manning, formerly known as Bradley, was sentenced to 35 years in military prison. after the conviction, she announced the desire to live as a woman. the US military prohibits transgender people from serving openly in the military.
downing street rejects claims of a rift with chancellor George Osborne. changes to personal independence payments will not go ahead "in their current form" former tory leader Lord Howard urges MPs to "listen to what the prime minister has to say"
the 22-year-old was seeded eighth in the tournament in south korea. she lost 7-5 6-2 to the world number 101 in the second round.
75-year-old south korean grandfather turns to social media to share drawings for grandsons. his account, Drawings for my Grandchildren, now has more than 40,000 followers. it was the brainchild of his son, a creative director at facebook, which owns Instagram.
Mercedes have so far not shown their true pace on an unusual weekend at spa. team-mate Lewis Hamilton was fastest despite a mistake-strewn final lap. red bull's Daniel Ricciardo was second fastest, followed by sebastian vettel.
midfielder was on trial with the Perth outfit in the last few weeks of the 2016-17 campaign. McClean has been included in northern ireland's squad for their opening Euro under-21 qualifier in Estonia on Thursday.
children's author michael Rosen says Disney can reinvent itself "like the royal family"
figures from the university admissions service, Ucas, show it was the highest number for five years. students placed through clearing tend to be those who did not get the grades for their favoured courses. dip in university applications has left universities looking to fill more places than usual.
researchers say that at present, more phosphorus is being lost from soils than is being added by farmers. but there are concerns that increases in the use of the mineral could damage the environment. the study says that to meet the projected demand for grassland in 2050, the amounts of phospho
foreign investors blamed for driving up cost of real estate in Toronto and Vancouver. about 15% of condos in Vancouver aren't being lived in, says canada's new leader. while home prices in the country's interior have fallen, prices remain high.
biliary atresia means a child has blocked bile ducts. he had a liver transplant before his first birthday but it failed. his father, Simon, donated part of his liver after no suitable match was found.
Alice Pyne, 17, of Ulverston, died of hodgkin's lymphoma in 2013 after publishing wish list. Haley McTaggart, 33, admitted getting her charity to pay £2,000 for her to go on trek. she sold raffle tickets for
America Luke Richardson sent about 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl from Essex. he was previously dismissed by the force after he stole uniform and visited schools without authorisation. Richardson admitted six counts of sexual activity with a child, one of grooming and one of taking
the dispute led to several days of strikes over the summer. further industrial action was suspended earlier this month for more talks. the RMT will present the proposal to its members in a company-wide vote.
humpback sightings are not uncommon in Scotland, but a large whale so far up the forth estuary is a lot more unusual. police Scotland is warning boat owners to keep a safe distance from the whale. endangered species such as dolphins, porpoises
Panthers keep alive title hopes and close gap on leaders Devils to four points. two goals from matthew myers put the hosts in control. the sides meet again in the challenge cup final on sunday.
"i want to apologise for anything that was said or done," says Miss America CEO. the actress resigned in 1984 after a magazine published nude photos of her. she has forged a career as an actress, with major roles in ugly Betty
the decommissioned Type 22 frigates are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour. bidders had until 23 January to register an interest in the former Devonport-based ships. a final decision is not expected until the spring.
the project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to an estimated £780m. the interconnector would export electricity to the mainland for distribution. it would stretch to about 50 miles (80km) from Gravir on Lewis to Ullapool.
the 42-year-old is being flown back to Sweden from africa. he was kidnapped by al-Qaeda in the Islamic maghreb (AQIM) along with two other men. one of the hostages was freed in a dawn raid in northern mali
Wigan extend unbeaten run to eight games with 3-0 win at home to blackburn. latics win first home game of the season after signing shaun macdonald from bhoys. blackburn boss Owen coyle suffers second defeat in as many league games
under-15s five times more likely to need hospital care than non-diabetic children. academics said treating the condition was complex and "poor management" can lead to medical emergencies. Welsh government helped to fund the research, which studied 1,577 Welsh children with the condition.
Simon Makienok scores his second league goal of the season for Preston. forest equalize when Thomas Lam's volley goes in via the post and Chris maxwell. both teams have chances to win the match, with Alex Baptiste denying Apostolos Vellios.
David Vallenilla's 22-year-old son was shot by military police on Thursday. he calls on his "former colleague" to clear his son's name. president maduro has said firearms must not be used on protesters.
dozens of former paramilitaries were interviewed in Belfast from 2001-2006. details about internal politics and activities of the IRA were revealed on tape. each interview was transcribed, sent by encrypted email to new york. material was then sent to Boston college, where it was placed under
tortoise was taken from Lathom Pets and aquatics in ormskirk on Tuesday. shop's owner said CCTV showed a man taking the animal out of the tank. co-owner said she was concerned for the exotic pet's welfare.
some of the birds at the undisclosed premises in Lincolnshire have died. Defra said an investigation was "under way to determine the source of the infection" the latest case in Boston comes two days after bird flu was found in pheasants.
more than 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned to Nigeria from Cameroon this year. many are unable to go back to their villages in Borno state for security reasons. UNHCR spokesman speaks of "chaos" in the returns process.
Annie woodland, 24, suffered brain damage in the incident at Gloucester park pool in 2000. a teacher and a pool life guard both failed to notice she was in trouble. the family has successfully sued Essex County council.
Carayol signed a two-year extension to his contract at middlesbrough last month. the 26-year-old is now focused on establishing himself as an international with the Gambia. he is targeting an appearance in the forthcoming qualifiers for the 2017 africa cup of nations
unrest started in April after president Pierre Nkurunziza said he would run for a third term. protesters say he is entitled to third term because he was appointed for his first term, not elected. the presidential election is scheduled for 15 July.
low interest rates leave many people relying on savings worse off than ever before. savings rates plummeted after the bank of england slashed its base rate in the financial crisis. research shows tax-free Isas, fixed rate bonds and easy access accounts are all
the distinctive red bridge has carried trains over the forth since 1890. the award puts it alongside the pyramids of Egypt, the great wall of china and the Sydney opera house in terms of cultural significance.
scotland are fifth out of six in a qualifying group for the 2014 world cup. manager scottish has been on life support since qualifying for the euros. he has conceded seven goals in three winless games and is yet to win a competitive game. the
one hectare of jatropha curcas could capture up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year. the plant is already grown as a biofuel in some parts of the world because its seeds can produce oil. critics say the idea could be have unforeseen, negative impacts including driving
Nicola sturgeon said voters had "48 hours to get the tories out" former labour leader Gordon brown said the SNP stood for "divide and rule" the lib dems said voters should stick with them and the Scottish tories said a vote for them was 'a vote
a judge has made the request because efforts to get them through "political channels" had failed. Mr Sankara's widow and supporters have repeatedly accused France of masterminding his killing. he was killed by soldiers in a hail of bullets shortly before a meeting of his
more than 50 people were on the bridge when it collapsed late on Thursday evening. the bridge was reportedly more than 60 years old and banned from use. home minister Rajnath Singh said he was also monitoring the rescue operation.
only London ranked worse than Scotland's largest cities in a survey of the UK's roads. traffic jams could cost drivers in Scotland £5.1bn in wasted time over the next decade. the impact of Edinburgh's 455 traffic hotspots was second only to London.
John Kane filmed more than 60 women in the central retail park last year. the 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing outside a nearby Next store. he was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing.
115 people locked inside three small houses in Edinburg, close to the Mexican border. police were alerted by a call made from inside one of the houses. the property was found to have padlocks and chains on the outside.
team-mates suspended by Perth club pending club investigation. referee don Robertson sent off both players during the break. Wright says he did not see the incident as he was walking up the tunnel.
Grammys is one of the most prestigious music ceremony's in the world. sam smith has six nominations including best new artist. single stay with me is also up for best pop performance and record of the year.
Eid al-Fitr means: 'festival of the breaking of the fast' it is one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year. Muslims often celebrate by praying, giving gifts and having a big feast.
a 17-year-old boy was found with stab wounds in Wolverhampton on thursday. minutes later a shotgun was fired twice in nearby deveron close. police believe both offences were linked and were result of a dispute between two groups.
vikki Thompson was found dead in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015 with a ligature around her neck. inquest heard she had repeatedly told prison and court escort staff she would be "carried out in a box" miss Thompson did not say she had a problem
there were 2,405 insolvencies between April and June - 7.8% up on previous quarter. there were 1,144 bankruptcies, which was up 14.7% on the previous quarter and 51.1% more than a year ago. the latest bankruptcy figures are 41.7% lower than the same
one of the children said the trailer went "really fast down the hill and it gone sideways" two members of teaching staff and a farmer were also injured in the accident on 11 march. the acting head teacher of the school has apologised for the incident.
british captains Leon Smith and johan van herck aiming to end 79-year wait for a victory. defending champions beaten in doubles by Andy and Jamie Murray on saturday. goffin, 24, has risen from outside the top 100 to
Joshua says his 13 weeks of preparation have been "tougher times than I have had in any walk of life" the 27-year-old says he is not worried about his safety in the ring because of the intensity of his training. Joshua is unbeaten in 18 fights since turning professional in
the service came a day after almost 150 people were killed in an al-Shabab attack on a Kenyan university. tens of thousands of pilgrims joined him for the way of the cross ceremony, recalling Jesus' crucifixion. among the cross bearers were Syrian
judge denies media request for expanded coverage on 30 July. suspect's lawyers objected to the media's request. Christian Bale visits wounded victims at a hospital. a pregnant woman who escaped the shootings gives birth to a baby boy.
locust swarm first appeared over a week ago near the low-lying city of Santa Cruz. authorities estimate more than 1,000 hectares of agricultural land have been destroyed. president Evo Morales is due to visit Santa Cruz province on Friday.
the 68-year-old former scrum half won 53 caps for Wales from 1967 to 1978. he also won 10 caps for the british lions' winning series in new zealand and south africa.
former england striker Steven Thompson gives his marks out of 10 for the display. a surprise inclusion given his lack of game time at west brom. skipper's desire and work rate are never in question but he was loose in possession too often.
satellite images show emperor penguin colonies moving their locations in years when the thin sea ice on which they habitually breed forms late or is absent. the birds are seen to be adept at finding routes that allow them to get past a 30m-high cliff.
polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago. Arktos is one of two male bears at the park at Kincraig in the Cairngorms national park. the pair could remain together for about two weeks.
Martin will replace Bruce anstey in the team, who won last year's race. the duo will also be team-mates at Honda at the TT races. McGuinness still holds the lap record for the class of 119.279mph.
judge gave pistorius five-year jail sentence for culpable homicide, but cleared him of murder. defence said it expected him to serve about 10 months, with the remainder under house arrest. the parents of Reeva Steenkamp said they were happy with the sentence.
the animal, thought to be a juvenile minke whale, is about 4m long. harbour authorities are liaising with experts in the northern ireland environment agency. there are no immediate grounds for concern over the animal's health.
officer charged with lying about heated traffic stop. grand jury picks out officer's affidavit as behind their decision. officer fired from his job hours later.
Shrewsbury Town drew 0-0 with league one rivals fleetwood town. the hosts were denied three times by the woodwork in the second half. Ivan toney's header from a Louis dodds cross was comfortably saved.
Obama's "four more years" tweet has now been retweeted more than 750,000 times. but the one direction tweet in which lou said Harry was "always in my heart" is now more popular. both still have a long way to go to beat the famous Oscar selfie
the court upheld a Chilean prison sentence for Hartmut hopp, a german citizen in his seventies. he worked with a former nazi soldier who founded the commune in southern Chile 1961. residents were indoctrinated and kept as virtual slaves for more than 30 years
"i know how hard Craig worked to represent the constituency over the past two years," she said. "i would also like to pay tribute to my predecessor," said gower's labour MP. ms Antoniazzi used her speech to oppose fracking and the proposed t
cnn's john avlon says candidates took it in turn to try to give Donald Trump a bloody nose, cracked rib, thick lip and black eye. he says it was in the style of a Victorian fairground where the grotesque mixed with
the campaign for real ale (Camra) has given the award to the George & Dragon at Hudswell, near Richmond, north Yorkshire. the pub, the village's only community facility, closed in 2008. it reopened in 2010 after residents raised £200,000 to
"this really seems to us a brutal crime, an attempt against the lives of the children," he says. he alleged fake medicine had been bought and used in state hospitals under his predecessor. javier duarte has been on the run from the authorities since October.
supersymmetry, or susy, has gained popularity as a way to explain some of the inconsistencies in the traditional theory of subatomic physics. the new observation, reported at the hadron collider Physics conference in Kyoto, is not consistent with many of the most likely models of su
Gloucester have been without a home for six years after their Meadow park ground was destroyed by flooding. the Blue square bet north club have shared with local clubs forest green Rovers, Cirencester and most recently Cheltenham Town. owner eamonn McGurk has supported the club
Capt David seath, 31, was a fire support team commander in 29 commando regiment royal artillery. he suffered a suspected cardiac arrest while running the course and later died in hospital. hundreds of mourners gathered at the church in Dunfermline for the funeral.
aodhan woods was just 17 when he was subjected to several sexual assaults. now 19, he has waived his right to anonymity as his attackers were jailed. Darren fu, of drumart walk in Belfast, will spend half of his 11-
last month a us soldier died and several others were injured when a base used by us troops was shelled by IS. it was the second us combat death since the us first struck the group in 2014.
"this is definitely not the Oscars," says 22 jump street star on the red carpet. the ceremony was also an unofficial promotional platform for this summer's blockbusters. Bradley cooper won best male performance for his role as the late Chris Kyle in american sniper.
Spencer injured himself in training on friday as he went to take a shot. he joins Ryan Brunt and left-back Gary sawyer as long-term absentees. the 24-year-old summer signing will see a consultant this week.
new loan signing Alexandre pato replaces the Colombia international in the squad. the 29-year-old has made just one premier league start for the blues this season. pato signed for Chelsea last week on a six-month loan from Corinthians.
dolphin lost its mother and became stranded off the coast of mojacar, andalucia. tourists began touching and photographing the animal rather than seeking help. "selfishness" caused the dolphin "suffering and stress," a local NGO said.
the men, aged 26 and 24, were in a house in the street on saturday. three men armed with a knife, hammer and batons forced their way in. assaulted the men and left with cash and personal items.
people climb to the top of Slievemartin - known locally as the Cairn - and take a selfie. if you climb it 31 times in a month, you've climbed higher than everest. between 30 to 50 people are now climbing the mountain daily
the first Miss Wheelchair india contest was held in Mumbai in late November. the contest is the idea of tax consultant sounak banerjee. he wanted to provide a platform for people with disabilities in the entertainment industry.
areas in Counties Londonderry, Antrim and down were affected. an equipment fault was detected at 21.40 BST. all properties have had their power restored.
the victim was found with critical injuries in south-east london. a 52-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder. the arrested man and the victim knew each other but were not related.
cycle route will link leith walk in the east of the city to roseburn in the west. plans include reducing four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two. supporters of the path said it was vital for cutting congestion and would encourage more active travel.
the number of midwifery training places commissioned rose again this year. it is the second year the RCM has carried out a State of Maternity Services report. midwife numbers fell in Wales in the last annual survey in 2011, where figures were 12% lower than in 2008.
baroness manningham-buller gave evidence to the Iraq inquiry. she said the intelligence on Iraq's threat was not "substantial enough" former head of MI5 said terrorist threat to the UK "pre-dated" the invasion.
many clouds is 7-1 favourite ahead of 10-1 chance the last Samuri and 12-1 shot Silviniaco conti. many clouds will seek to become the first horse since the legendary triple victor Red Rum in the 1970s to win back-to-back runnings.
teachers unions are refusing to co-operate with school inspections in a dispute over pay. teaching unions rejected an overall offer of 2.5% on pay in 2015-16. the average teacher's pay in northern ireland is just over £40,000 per annum
thousands of animals are counted as part of the zoo's licence. important details about each and every individual are noted down. newsround's martin travelled to see how it's done.
a total of 387 people were arrested between February 2016 and February 2017 - up from 255 the previous year. more than half of cabin crew who responded to a survey said they had witnessed disruptive drunken passenger behaviour at UK airports. the home office is "considering" calls for tough
boy's body was found in the cellar of a house in herne, north rhine-westphalia. police say the 19-year-old suspect may be armed.
the party is also discussing electoral pacts with fellow parties in a "number" of constituencies. Lib dems have agreed not to contest her Brighton Pavilion seat. the party wants to maximise the number of MPs who will support electoral reform.
trust has about 27,000 patients across the county and more than 2,000 members of staff. safety of patients at high risk of suicide had been deemed inadequate. re-inspection in April this year found it had made "positive progress" in some areas.
US ambassador to Bangladesh condemns killing of xulhaz mannan, who also worked at the embassy. the two men were murdered two days after a university teacher was hacked to death. suspected militants have killed several secular or atheist writers and members of religious minority groups
the 33-1 shot triumphed at Aintree in April to become the first novice to win the race since 1958. the nine-year-old, owned by the Gigginstown House Stud, has twice recovered from a cracked pelvis. rule the world has been retired and there are
first potentially preventative medicine to reach one of the hardest hit countries. 300 initial doses of the vaccine are expected to arrive in monrovia on friday. scientists aim to involve 30,000 volunteers in the trial in total.
Adam Mitchell is believed to have been in a pub on Wednesday night last week. police say CCTV images show him near the Harry fairbairn BMW garage. coastguard and police helicopters involved in searches of inverness harbour.
the actor died "peacefully in his sleep" after a "long courageous battle" with prostate cancer. he was also known for his roles as Twiggy in the Royle Family and onslow in Keeping up appearances. Coronation street stars William Roache and Helen worth paid tribute
lung cancer is the most common cancer in Scotland and the biggest killer of all the cancers. about 4,200 people die of the disease every year in Scotland, and about 86% of all cases are linked to tobacco. more than two-thirds of patients diagnosed too late for them to be offered successful treatment
Jamie taggart, 41, failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area. his rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa on 2 November. a search due to begin on Tuesday will concentrate on four trails inside the forest
average petrol prices rose by 4.4p to 116.7p per litre and average diesel prices rose 5.2p to 118.7p. RAC says retailers had "no choice" but to put up prices on garage forecourts. increases mean it now costs £64.
residents have complained about the behaviour of Oxford Brookes students on nights out. in a letter students could face disciplinary action. one resident told the BBC he often heard students "screaming"
all my sons is a touring production by black-led theatre company Talawa. director michael buffong tells arts correspondent what makes the play a classic. the 2013 production earned five star reviews.
four wards closed to visitors at Arrowe park hospital, Wirral, on Monday. ban extended on Thursday and does not affect Wirral women and children's hospitals. hospital director says decision was "in the best interests of our patients"
two men, aged 23 and 24, had a noxious substance thrown over them at 19:00 BST on Tuesday on roman road, east London. a 23-year-old has been charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon,
the Tribunal de commerce decided SeaFrance's future after a bailout by the french government was ruled illegal by the european commission. the court also said an offer by a cooperative of employees was not acceptable. eurotunnel has not ruled out a future bid for the
king dissolved parliament and called early elections, though he did not specify a date. the IAF said it expected 50,000 people to take part in the protest. video footage showed protesters chanting slogans and waving flags.
Milly Dowler was kidnapped while on her way from school to her home in 2002. her body was found 25 miles away, in Yateley heath, Hampshire. Bellfield, now known as Yusuf Rahim, was given a whole-life prison sentence in
the move follows recommendations by a committee set up to study the issue. almost 9% of Israelis use cannabis, according to the un office on drugs and crime. selling, buying and producing the drug will remain illegal and the move must still be ratified by parliament.
Aberdeen are 12 points clear of second-placed Rangers going into sunday's game. manager Derek McInnes has guided the dons to successive second place finishes. former Rangers player john Thompson says he is baffled by the actions of new Ibrox boss.
the 24-year-old striker turned down the most lucrative contract offer in everton's history. former club Chelsea remain favourites to complete a deal for the belgian. manchester united and bayern munich have also been linked with a move for Lukaku.
uzbekistan's president has died after a period of rumours about his ill health. the country is the most populous in the region and has the largest army. but there is no succession mechanism in place and the transition of power may be complicated.
the rock legends' set went out on the BBC World Service as part of Alexis Korner's Rhythm and Blues programme. it includes the band's only known recording of the track Sunshine Woman. the session recording has been restored with help from guitarist Jimmy page.
by the 13th century, most of the lowland areas of Wales were under english control. but as the century wore away, and Edward I came to power, the balance of power changed. by the end of the century, daily business was increasingly done in english.
the woman was taken to hospital after the incident involving a male inmate at maghaberry prison, near Lisburn. prison officer Adrian Smith said he believed she was attacked with a weapon "made from a razor" "she has an approximately three inch deep cut below her left
clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned on take-back Tuesday. people are also expected to flock to shops at lunchtime to give back gifts, but may face issues getting a refund. the highest volume of returns through royal mail in the last financial year took place in January 2016.
minister for health and social care said current configuration of services is not going to work. he said the real challenge was the absence of political agreement on the future. the minister acknowledged the worries that reform will lead to the closure of facilities. but he added that its growing and ageing population means it
coach carrying 34 pupils crashes into motorway bridge near middelkerke, west flanders. coach was headed to german city of cologne for a languages trip. driver James chance, who worked for coach firm in county Antrim, was killed. school says some teachers still need
a second win in a row lifts motherwell off the bottom of the scottish premiership table. motherwell claimed the ball had crossed the line when keeper David Mitchell collided with a post. cammy Kerr set up Craig Wighton then followed up to score
daly spent six years at tannadice and ended as club captain. the 32-year-old has been training at Dundee united since pre-season. he has no regrets about his move to ibrox, where he spent two seasons.
Craig Bryson, Thomas Ince and Darren Bent score as Ipswich beat Derby 3-0. the result leaves the hosts with just one win from their last seven games.
Brent crude oil hit $50.22 per barrel at one stage on Thursday, its highest level since early November. rise follows us data showing that oil inventories had fallen after supply disruptions. oil companies have started preparing for higher prices.
the 30-year-old surnamed Pang was held in the southern guangxi region. he made a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec, driving three times faster than the official limit.
just 8% of councils have built enough to replace half of their stock sold through the scheme. government committed to building 275,000 affordable new homes over the course of this parliament. right to buy was first introduced in the 1980s under Margaret thatcher's government.
if made law, the measure will put a 20% ceiling on any foreign stakes in Russian media. russia's main media outlets are state-owned or controlled by loyal oligarchs. top Putin ally sergei zheleznyak said Russia was facing "
plans to demolish aston's 1923 fire station will go before planners. the authority says it needs buildings for a "modern-day" fire service. english heritage has said it expects to be consulted on the proposal.
police said it happened at Boucher Crescent in south Belfast at about 17:25 GMT. members of the public managed to stop the car but the man fled on foot. a man in his 30s was arrested and remains in custody.
the 31-year-old has joined the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season. tubbs could be handed his debut in the game at Kidderminster on Tuesday. ex-bournemouth striker has not featured for Pompey since October.
120,000 additional asylum seekers will be distributed among EU nations, with binding quotas. it comes after a surge of thousands of mainly Syrian migrants pushed north through Europe in recent days. the new plans would relocate 60% of those now in italy, Greece and Hungary to Germany, France
administrators' reports suggest around £7m of £10.25m lent to northampton town was passed to 1st land limited. a total of £2.65m was then given to David cardoza and his father, Anthony. the £10m loan was originally paid to the league two club
leader of southern republic re-asserts his claims in online editorial for pro-Kremlin newspaper. referring to a "half-witted rabble", he offered opposition activists services of a psychiatric hospital. "i promise we won'
Mr Philippe, 48, was arrested after appearing as a guest on a radio programme. he was flown to the US to face the long-standing charges. campaign group human rights watch has accused him of overseeing extra-judicial killings.
the high cost of living in the south of England is said to be a factor affecting recruitment. each successful applicant will receive a maximum of £1,340 in subsidies. nurses will be offered accommodation at wexham park hospital in Slough, frimley park near camberley and Heatherwood hospital in
the builders were arrested for allegedly paying bribes to police and municipal officials. police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi said the nine would be formally charged. most of the victims of the collapse were poor daily wage earners.
real madrid striker karim benzema appears before a judge in Versailles. the 27-year-old is accused of trying to extort money from fellow french international mathieu valbuena. his lawyer says he played "no part"
22-year-old leaves first professional club wigan athletic after four years. midfielder has made 19 senior appearances for the county side.
Fox has spent the last five years as chief commercial officer at premier league rivals arsenal. he replaces Paul Faulkner, who left villa park in July. owner Randy Lerner put the club up for sale in may but is yet to find a buyer.
England fast bowler James Anderson takes 4-20 as Lancashire skittle Hampshire for 168. Dane Vilas' 244 had put the home team in control earlier in the match. england's all-time leading wicket-taker Anderson was playing in his first match after
eighty outdoor swims are being held over the 2015 season, with most taking place on christmas or boxing day. safety advice has been issued by the outdoor swimming society for the first time. overall membership numbers increased from 15,000 last year to 25,000 this year.
three weightlifters stripped of their gold medals by the international Olympic committee. they were among eight athletes sanctioned for doping last year. the IOC is retesting hundreds of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games.
average retail vacancy rate dropped from 14.5% to 13.7%, according to research. 40% of empty shops have remained vacant for more than three years. most improved towns were anstruther, Clydebank, dumfries, inverkeithing, Lochgelly, Peterhead
a leading candidate to be France's next president says he will take a "pretty tough" line on Brexit. talks on the terms of the UK's exit and its future relationship with the EU are expected to begin in the spring. there have been suggestions the UK could potentially exploit
european commission spokesman said while progress was made at Sunday's talks "significant gaps" remained. european commission wants Greece to make spending cuts worth €2bn (£1.44bn) shares across europe were lower on heightened fears of a default.
the pilots' strike is part of a long-running pay dispute at Lufthansa. short and medium-haul flights from germany will be affected. talks between the union and the airline broke down earlier this month.
the leak happened at the worthy farm site in Somerset in June 2014. 42 fish - including protected brown trout - died as a result. sewage was in a £100,000 slurry tank.
the IFS's Green Budget says the UK's finances still have "a long way to go" to meet plans announced in last year's autumn statement departmental spending cuts of £51.4bn are needed. cuts in the current parliament are expected to reach £38.3bn, or 9.
Valdes has made eight appearances for Liege since joining in January. the 34-year-old is currently injured and will miss the rest of the season. his current contract with manchester united expires this summer.
Gloucester and Wales back row is part of an advanced guard of 14 players. they are preparing for next month's daunting tour of new zealand. coach Warren gatland has been putting players who are available through their paces.
shadow education secretary calls for a "new political consensus" on education policy. he wants a broader baccalaureate system incorporating both academic and vocational subjects. motion in the house of commons will emphasise the common goals of improving education.
Caterpillar is the world's largest manufacturer of heavy construction equipment. it has operations in larne, newtownabbey and west Belfast. its northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and mainly makes diesel generators.
IoD report says the UK is lagging behind many european nations. it is calling for faster broadband access for homes and business. government says 95% of the UK can get "superfast" broadband by 2017.
fire, police and coastguard teams called to butley creek near orford, Suffolk. a member of the public had seen the supine figure of a man lying in the water. it turned out to be a work of art called A Thousand Tides, which has been there for
Adrian simut, 35, travelled to Newport train station, where he thought he was meeting a girl. he pleaded guilty to attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity. simut started messaging the teenager in an online chat room, saying she looked "
Harry white fires Solihull in front after nine minutes. debutant Daniel udoh sent off with five minutes remaining.
about 21 million refugees have been forced to flee their countries due to conflict or persecution, the UN says. about nine million people alone have been displaced by the six-year conflict in Syria. the us has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year.
ex-cabinet minister lost his seat in may's general election after 14 years. the 49-year-old will serve as executive chairman of centre forum. he describes himself as not suited to "navel gazing and endless holidays"
remains thought to be from a quaker burial ground that existed before the Royal Pavilion Estate was built. work at the corn exchange is part of a project to restore the royal pavilion estate buildings and gardens. the find is "another important addition to the city's rich cultural story"
mewn datganiad dywedodd Gwasanaeth Tân ac Achub Gogledd Cymru: "Ry'n ni'n gofyn i'r cyhoedd
only 13 people have applied for the money from the government's future flood prevention funding scheme. Hundreds of homes and businesses were flooded in the city after the rivers foss and ouse burst their banks. the scheme is administered by city of york council and requires a survey to
minibus driver jailed for more than six years for causing death of friend. Sarah Johnson broke her shoulder, back and pelvis in the crash. she says crash made her realise how lucky she was to be alive.
most of the activists were members of the predominantly Catholic dissident group, Ladies in white. they walked through the streets of havana holding up pictures of political prisoners. Cuba says the protesters are financed by right-wing american groups.
just over 46,000 vehicles were registered north of the border - a year-on-year increase of more than 2.7%. however, UK sales increased by 5.3% to almost 519,000 - the strongest month recorded since 1999. last month saw Vauxhall retain its position as market leader in Scotland
two or three men have targeted foreign national tourists in an attempt to steal money. the men, described as southern european, claimed to be police officers before demanding to search the victims.
EU trade ministers meet in Slovakia to discuss CETA and a similar deal with the us, TTIP. a draft CETA deal has been agreed, but parliaments could still delay it. activists fear that the deals could water down european standards in key areas.
the chocolate creations will mark the 209th anniversary of the battle. the ships will be paraded through the dining hall of HMS Nelson.
paramedics used a defibrillator to shock 66-year-old Patrick Ewing 17 times. only about 8% of patients survived a cardiac arrest outside hospital. "it's an astonishing thing to tip over the edge and be hauled back again"
the GB eight won the women's quadruple sculls. england's Holly Nixon finished fifth in a race won by poland.
a former worker tells newsnight that staff were told of complaints about a client. the charity said it would have told police of any allegation it knew about. two witnesses allege complaints were made known to staff at its urban academy.
eight-year-old garfield makes the trip to Sainsbury's in Ely on a daily basis. owner David willers posted a message asking shoppers to lay off the treats. a vet found garfield, who weighs 6.6kg (one stone), was overweight.
Evans gave the Bantams the lead with a curling effort from 20 yards. Ryan Leonard forced a fine save from the Shripmers goalkeeper. the hosts almost restored parity when Tyrone barnett volleyed.
Solly Msimanga said no more luxury cars would be bought under his leadership. he will still use a BMW 5 series car he inherited from the previous mayor. the ANC bought 10 new BMW 3 series vehicles for 5 million rand ($356,000; £266,000)
the turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit boparan on Tuesday. there had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme. unite said it understood that the Bernard Matthews final salary pension scheme was closed in 2004.
the man, named by state media as Ji Zhongxing, 34, was injured and taken to hospital. an online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at his ill-treatment by Chinese police. the blog suggests his lower body was paralyzed after he
the tanker hit the central reservation halfway between junction 32 for coryton and junction 33, Cardiff West, at about 17:45 GMT on monday. the westbound carriageway was closed from junction 30, Cardiff Gate, and one lane was also closed eastbound. one person has been taken to the royal
20 years ago on tuesday, bosman emerged from the european court of justice. the midfielder won a ruling allowing players at the end of their contracts to move without a transfer fee. he spent five years in prison, bankruptcy and battle with alcoholism
the centre will be used to research ways to improve responses to weather-related emergencies such as flooding. a report to the council's policy and resources committee will give a full update on progress. last month, the Scottish government gave assurances that plans to develop the centre remained on track.
one visitor said his family queued for more than two hours as they tried to leave the park. road signs have been altered to prevent traffic travelling through the centre of Windsor. Legoland said it had spent more than £10,000 in the last year developing alternative entrance and exit routes.
Acorn park care home in east kilbride, south Lanarkshire, served with formal improvement notice. privately-run home given until next month to make changes. care inspectorate: "everyone in Scotland has the right to safe, compassionate care"
Connor says he'd struggled with his sexuality since he was 12 and at first ignored his feelings. he says after telling a friend at university, he then told his friends, parents and siblings. "2014 is truly the year that I have accepted who I am,"
thieves broke into the house in intake, doncaster, a week after Paris' 11th birthday. in the letter, she tells the burglars "how much they hurt me" cash, jewellery and other items were taken in the robbery.
a 16-year-old boy was arrested at his home in the borough of Lewisham on suspicion of affray. he was treated in hospital for a minor wound before being taken into custody. police recovered two knives and a photograph appeared to show a machete had been found
didier drogba joins MLS expansion franchise ownership group at phoenix. the 39-year-old has not played since leaving mls club Montreal impact in November. he scored 157 goals in 341 appearances during his first spell at chelse
spanish midfielder joins Chelsea for undisclosed fee. arsenal turned down a first option to buy the 27-year-old. he spent three years at barca and scored 35 goals in 129 games.
a 20-year-old man fell from his neighbour's balcony in his apartment block. he had bone fractures and internal injuries, but was "fine" and "a very lucky man" he was awake and laughing on Monday, but had no recollection of what happened.
heptathlete hints at retirement after narrowly losing her title in rio de janeiro. coach robert minichiello says she should take two or three months to decide. he says it might be time for him to be "selfish" should she decide
Burton beat Wolves 2-1 at Molineux to move up to 11th in the table. Miller equalizes in added time after Lucas akins had a first-half penalty saved. prince oniangue had broken the deadlock for Wolves in the second half.
the gang stole cash, jewellery and a mobile phone before fleeing. the man with the knife was black, between 30 and 40, of a medium build. police are appealing for anyone with information to contact them.
figures in Kelso, Galashiels, peebles, hawick, Selkirk and eyemouth saw increases. figures in Melrose also rose sharply compared with 2014. councillor Stuart bell said it was "pleasing" to see numbers rising.
the Wangchuck hereditary monarchy has wielded power since 1907. king Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck succeeded his father in 2006. television did not come to Bhutan until 1999.
Shelley Kerr will take over as the new head coach of the men's national team. the 47-year-old currently coaches Stirling university's lowland league side. grant believes she can take any team in Scotland to greater success. she is a former team-mate
the central bank voted unanimously to raise the key rate to a range of 0.5% to 0.75%. the move was widely expected, and followed the last increase a year ago. central bank said it expected the economy to need only "gradual" increases in the short term.
campaigners join a protest march from the hospital to attend a public meeting. the health board revealed details of its proposed shake-up in July. under plans being considered Blaenau Ffestiniog community hospital could also close.
28-year-old midfielder is fourth signing of the summer by the stoke city club. he follows Darren Fletcher, Kurt Zouma and Josh Tymon. the former german youth international has made 200 league appearances for schalke.
Crawley Town beat blackpool 1-0 in their premier league clash. connolly scored his first goal since returning to the red devils. winger Danny Philliskirk had a shot saved by goalkeeper Glenn Morris.
first minister says bill could be improved but "takes Wales forward" plaid Cymru leader leanne wood suggests Wales has been "backed into a corner" vote was 38-17 in favour of the bill in the senedd.
amr gharbeia was involved in this revolution from the first day, 25 January. he's now been sleeping here most of the time since the violence. the revolution is the result of someone sending a facebook invitation.
SNP's John Wallace won the ward after the vote on Thursday. turnout was 34.4%, with 4,006 votes cast out of an electorate of 11,638. the by-election was called following the resignation of corri Wilson.
appeals court clears the group of seven men of the manslaughter charges. the verdict triggered alarm, with some saying that science itself had been put on trial. a 6.3 magnitude earthquake devastated the medieval town of L'Aquila in 2009.
B3, also known as nicotinamide, boosts the ability of immune cells to kill bacteria. scientists used extremely high doses of B3 - far higher than that obtained from dietary sources. no evidence that dietary B3 or supplements could prevent or treat bacterial infections.
review into 22 abuse cases in northern ireland criticises authorities for not doing enough. young people went missing a number of times over a 20-month period. the PSNI said it has recently made policy changes aimed at keeping children safe.
train to busan is south korea's first home-grown zombie offering. film has already achieved local box office success. zombie apocalypse serves as potent allegory for dog-eat-dog world.
a judge is considering whether to charge the rumba singer over the incident. the 60-year-old has denied assault, though he has since apologised for his behaviour. he was deported to DR Congo's capital, Kinshasa, following a
Wayne maycock, Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were last seen at HMP leyhill. the prison is the only minimum-security prison in the south west. avon and Somerset police has appealed for anyone who sees them to make contact.
former Liverpool, Swansea, reading and watford boss Brendan rodgers signs 12-month contract. the 43-year-old will replace former manager Ronny deila, who departed at the end of the season. Celtic's largest shareholder dermot desmond describes rodger
"i have to work with Ikea - make furniture for interior design, for architecture" he says students would be keen for him to create "a minimalist apartment inside of a college dorm" the star has previously collaborated with fashion designer Katie Eary.
check-in desks and boarding screens failed for almost three hours. there was "congestion" as passengers had to be checked in manually. the problem was fixed at about 10:00.
14-year-old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment. he was later discharged from hospital and is recovering at home. the incident happened in Holywood, County down, on Saturday.
the UN welcomes the inquiry, saying it could make "important contributions" to restoring peace. the violence in Rakhine state began in late may when a Buddhist woman was raped and murdered by three Muslims. sectarian clashes spread across the state, with houses of both
study of 712 italian-american mafia members in the 1960s shows their income had risen by 7.5-8.5% per extra year of education. those involved in complex crimes such as charging exorbitant rates for loans or extortion saw three times the boost of those who committed
Wigan have paid "in excess of £200,000" for new zealand winger tomkins. the 26-year-old will return for the 2016 super league season. he will reunite with his brothers Joel, 28, and Logan, 22, who play for the club.
airbus has said in the past that a "brexit" might change its plans. chief executive, Paul kahn, said last month that if the UK voted to leave the EU in the planned in-out referendum, Airbus would reconsider future investment in the uk
new world is the most Earth-like planet yet discovered by the nasa's Kepler space telescope. the new world orbits at a very similar distance from its star, though its radius is 60% larger. astronomers believe it is the "closest so far"
family describe him as a "quiet, enthusiastic, caring and loving man" he was airlifted to the royal Preston hospital, where he later died. police are urging witnesses of the collision to get in touch.
the 37-year-old made 64 appearances for his country, including three at the 2006 world cup. boruc has been mainly used as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and wojciech Szczesny in recent years. "
the buildings will be built in the Chinese city of Nanjing. the shorter tower will be a hotel, while the taller one will be home to a museum, offices and an architecture school.
british diving bronze medallist daley finishes in last place in diving final. he needed 102 points from his closing dive to reach the final but scored only 50.40. the 22-year-old says he is "heartbroken" and will compete again in 2020
arsenal beat championship side burnley 2-1 in their fa cup fourth round tie at the emirates. santi cazorla scores only goal of the game as he heads home a cross from adam lallana. arsene wenger's side
Nama sold its entire northern ireland portfolio to a us investment fund in 2014. the C&AG will say that failings in the sales process could have resulted in "hundreds of millions of euro" not being realised. a former Nama advisor, Frank
unknown offender seized control of the twitter feed at about 19:45 BST. hackers went on to publish a string of tweets which were removed about 10 minutes later. the authority apologised for any offence caused by the tweets.
amara arrived in Norwich from west africa a fortnight ago. he was turned down by two landlords - one by letter. they realised he came from a country at the centre of the current epidemic. after a few weeks of looking, he's found
the BBC's 10 o'clock news will be 45 minutes long from 11 January. the move follows a five-month trial in the run-up to the general election. viewers will continue to see the fullest range of stories, says controller of daily news programmes.
Exeter chiefs boss says a "sacking culture" comparable to football is creeping into rugby union. cockerill became the third director of rugby sacked in eight months on monday. RCA founder and director moon says job security is driven by the professional game. moon says the timing
Leicester have won both of their games under manager Craig Shakespeare since his sacking. the 53-year-old has never managed full-time and was brought to the club by Nigel Pearson. he says he expects to speak with the Leicester hierarchy about his future next week.
Jo Deering died in 2011, just months after being sectioned under mental health act. southern health NHS trust admitted it could have made better decisions about her care. her sister, Maureen Rickman, said the trust's findings "deserved to be binned"
the move comes amid renewed demand for old-fashioned black plastic records. global vinyl revenue is expected to hit $1bn (£770m) this year.
polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago. to protect her from being disturbed if she is pregnant, she has been taken off show.
seven organisations issue joint advice on vitamin D, which the body gets from natural sunlight. the nutrient keeps bones strong, and protects against conditions like osteoporosis. it is thought fears about skin cancer have made people too cautious about being in the sun.
radical preachers will be banned from posting material online. anyone with convictions for extremist activity will be barred from working with children. deradicalisation classes will be made mandatory for others deemed a threat. Muslim leaders warn the strategy "continues down a flawed path"
duchenne muscular dystrophy is the most severe of the muscular dystrophies. charity says disease, which affects mainly boys, is 100% fatal. Wales was the only country in the uk to screen newborn children for the condition. around 100 parents and campaigners gather at the Welsh assembly
emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge remains at risk of collapse. work, which will cost £4.5m, is to start in July to put in place a river platform. parts of the bridge dropped about 8in (20cm) after the floodwater undermined its foundations.
the judges scored the 12-round bout 115-112 to burns, 115-113 to beltran and 114-114. it did not seem to reflect Beltran flooring Burns or his dislocating the champion's jaw. the champion was constantly pushed back and landed heavily on occasion
at least five people have been killed and foreign-owned shops looted in attacks since last week. the influential zulu king has been accused of fuelling the violence. locals accuse foreigners of taking their jobs in a country where the official unemployment rate is 24%.
the man fell from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham on friday. police are not treating the death of the man, in his mid-30s, as suspicious.
public administration committee to publish interim report before summer recess. purdah probe will form first part of inquiry into EU Referendum bill. bill will authorise a referendum on the UK's membership of the EU by 2017.
a retired chartered accountant wants to use some of his pension pot for a transatlantic cruise. but in defiance of experts, he also wants to spend some of it on a new church hall roof. the changes take effect on bank holiday Monday, so Mr Gunn will receive the payment
a slab of timber was discovered when the estate was constructed in 2003. carbon dating said they were built on Jordan way, monmouth, 2,917 years BC. it is the second crannog discovered in Wales, but the first is thousands of years younger.
ambulance service said a patient had been taken to Bristol royal infirmary. the road was closed in both directions between monmouth and Raglan for about four hours but police said traffic was now moving freely.
the majority of staff on six-figure salaries were clinical, including GPs, hospital consultants and dentists. but nearly 2,400 of the staff were employed by NHS bodies in the UK in non-clinical roles. taxpayers' alliance said some of the figures were concerning.
more than a million soldiers on both sides had died or were injured. even now people can't agree on whether it was the right decision or a huge mistake.
european commission president says uk imposed no migration controls in 2004. but he says emergency brake would only apply in "exceptional cases" eurosceptics say it is ineffectual and could make the situation worse.
Chay Roberts-Jones, 29, was cleared of sexually assaulting two other girls. he was a physics teacher at the £31,000 a year school but now lives in france. the court heard details of the conviction are to be supplied to the french authorities
a 15-year-old boy from hove was held on suspicion of attempted murder. a man, 18, from portslade was arrested on suspicion affray. both have been bailed until 18 November.
frontrunners Donald Trump and Ben Carson, with no political experience, were under attack from the start. political friendships were strained by some of the testy exchanges. twin contests played out on the stage in Colorado - a fight to become the candidate of the Republican establishment and a
Tanveer Iqbal's body was found in his Renault Clio on Monday afternoon. the 33-year-old had not been seen since closing his hi-tech music shop on sunday. police said his death is currently being treated as suspicious.
80% of ukrainian troops have left the town of Debaltseve, says president. russia says troops tried to fight their way out of the town after being encircled. rebels' advance on the city has been widely condemned by the international community.
revolution radio's first single, Bang Bang, addresses the culture of mass shootings. album outsold nearest competitor, Barry gibb's in the now, by a ratio of two to one. oneRepublic scored a new entry at six with Oh My My.
former Huddersfield, Birmingham and blackpool boss Lee Clark takes charge of bury. Clark had been in charge at rugby park since February 2016. assistant Lee McCulloch will become interim manager of Kilmarnock.
more than 3,000 soldiers have been dismissed following the failed coup. president Erdogan announced steps to put all armed forces under direct government control. he accuses cleric Fetullah Gulen of being behind the coup attempt.
authorities reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings. staff also working closely with tenants to review and offer fire safety advice. at least 30 people died as a result of the west London blaze.
Barry-born young, now 70, has spent most of his working life in animation. he has produced a feature-length animation, Norm Of The North. his next film project is about a former legend with his beloved Cardiff city football club.
44 Egyptian pilgrims were on board the bus when it crashed. the incident comes just days after 16 Palestinians were killed in a bus crash in the west bank.
the 67-year-old was fearful of returning to his Gateshead home after the attack. online fundraising campaign attracted donations of more than £330,000. but he said he was not yet ready to meet his attacker, drug-user Richard Gatiss, 25
american golfer Iain Carter Johnson withdraws from the british open. the 32-year-old fell on the stairs at his rental home and hurt his lower back. he was a popular pick to win the first major of the year.
Reuben Reid scored the only goal of the game in the fifth minute. the winger saw his penalty saved by David Forde. a rare attack saw Luke Berry volley over after good work by uche ikpeazu.
rolls-Royce says it invests in research and development "where the environment is supportive" union fears grants offered by the department for business, innovation and skills could be turned into loans.
the two-Test series was due to begin in Chittagong on Friday, 9 October. cricket australia had delayed the team's scheduled departure on 28 September. it now says it had "no alternative but to postpone the tour"
cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that can cause a fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems. experts puzzled why the birds themselves do not appear to become ill. research found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth
Thomson Airways flight from manchester to agadir struck by lightning. flight diverted to London gatwick less than an hour after take-off. airline apologises for any inconvenience caused by the adverse weather conditions.
the clawed spider-like fossil shows clear evidence of a brain and of nerve cords. the fossil dates back 520 million years and is part of the genus alalcomenaeus. spiders and scorpions were related, but branched off more than half
Victoria gayle, 31, appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates' court on Monday. she was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body. the baby's remains were found at her home in west hendon, north london.
residents of villages including shrewton and orcheston say their lanes have become "rat runs" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303. campaigners will collect signatures for a petition this weekend. petition is asking for "urgent action" to tackle high volumes of non-
Karam and Kartari Chand married in a typical Sikh ceremony in 1925. the couple have just celebrated their 86th year together as a married couple. they have eight children, 27 grandchildren and 23 great grandchildren.
the championship side are willing to allow the 28-year-old to leave on a free transfer. but they are also willing to consider a loan move for the Scotland international. Caddis is out of contract at the end of the current campaign.
australia are in a commanding position after two days of the second test at Lord's. left-arm paceman james johnson was named man of the series in 2013-14. he looked back to something like his best with 2-16 from a six-over spell.
boasson Hagen wins stage eight of the tour of italy. beats a breakaway group of 14 riders on final climb. mark cavendish retains his green jersey. team sky's success in the absence of team leader Bradley wiggins.
police confirm paint was thrown over doors and windows at crumlin orange hall. attack took place between 2300 and 1000 bst on monday and tuesday.
video footage shows modified pick-up with outsized tyres driving over a row of cars. a boy, a man and a woman died in the accident in haaksbergen, overijssel province. the driver of the truck has been detained and an
former labour pollster Deborah Mattinson has criticised the party's report into why it lost the election. she said her research had not been included in the review and branded it a "whitewash" former front-bencher Chuka umunna said it was "unfair"
seven of the county's 47 fire engines could be scrapped as part of the £1.3m cuts. a fire engine in Sudbury, where a major fire broke out in September, could be replaced. there has been a fall in the number of emergency calls over the last 10 years
FBI boss James Comey said the plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations. he said conversations with tech firms needed to be had before the day when police forces lose access. comments came in reaction to a decision by apple to enable file encryption system.
mini-drones could fall into the wrong hands, says faa chief. quarrelling neighbours could end up buzzing each other with surveillance drones, he says. Mr Schmidt is believed to have close relations with US president Barack Obama.
US academics have produced international comparisons in key subjects. tests taken in 2011 by 900,000 pupils in over 60 countries. shows that northern Ireland is Europe's top performing education system for primary maths.
Spieth carded a one-over 73 to lead for a record seventh consecutive round. he will play with fellow american Smylie Kaufman on Sunday. world number three rory mcilroy finished five back after a 77.
there is no legal requirement for Parliamentary approval for military action. ministers say they believe they have the authority, under international law, to intervene. the legal arguments around intervention in Syria would be shaped by the complexities of international law.
norah boyle, 85, suffered a head injury as she was put to bed at the green nursing home. she died 23 days later after developing pneumonia. workers Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma pleaded guilty to neglect. they must do 160 hours' unpaid
of 72 trusts, the average rate for babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome was 0.2%. it is caused by women taking legal and illegal drugs while pregnant. health experts say it is a declining trend.
one answer claims the moon is 225 miles away from the earth - instead of about 238,900 miles. manufacturers Paul lamond games said they "unreservedly apologise" and added replacement cards would be issued.
some 72,000 people are expected to attend Saturday's match in Berlin. the game is between two of the favourites for June's Euro 2016. fans face security checks and bag searches before entering the arena.
international team studied several species' vision to identify ultra-violet (UV) sensitivity. findings claim habitats and migration could be disrupted by power line flashes. scientists measured spectrum of light emitted by bursts of charge.
Imax's china profits jumped nearly 30% last year, according to the filing. the company has been rapidly expanding in the greater china region. news of the listing comes as box office revenue in china jumped 36% last year.
alesha o'Connor, rhodri miller, Corey price, all 17 killed in road accident. coroner concludes all four died as a result of a road traffic accident in wales. inquest hears mr m
officers seized the car on suspicion of it having no insurance. the owner, who has not been named, will be summoned to court. if found guilty the owner faces a minimum £300 fine and six points on licence.
no player has ever hit more than four in a game. Bobby lowe was the first, for Boston beaneaters on 30 may, 1894. josh Hamilton was the most recent to tie the record, for texas against Baltimore.
chief constable suspended in connection with investigation into awarding of vehicle contracts. prosecutors concluded there was no criminal case for him to answer. but he will not return to his post immediately.
world number 87 wins his first match since becoming a father last month. the 28-year-old wins 6-1 6-3 6-1 in his first Davis Cup match since. world number six Kei Nishikori beats dan evans 6-3 7-5 7-6 (7-
"next time I come, we have to be able to just walk downtown", he said. the meeting with president hassan sheikh mohamud was held at the airport. "i visited Somalia today because your country is turning around", said secretary of state.
"wonderful wife and soul mate" Rebecca Ellison "passed away peacefully" at a hospital. the 34-year-old had breast cancer and leaves behind three children. defender thanked the staff who treated his wife at the royal marsden hospital in lon
Elizabeth Timar, 18, was last seen near blackpool sands at 19:45 on monday. she had been "at the beach for the afternoon with a male", police said.
Matthew daley, 35, denies murder but admits attacking Donald lock, 79, in findon, near worthing. jury hears he had an underlying paranoid schizophrenic illness that was undiagnosed for years. great-grandfather was stab
the 48-year-old took had been in charge of the club since replacing Dave Robertson in September. the former Stevenage and Preston boss has lost four of their last five matches. assistant manager grant McCann will take charge for the final two games of the season.
the new network will see up to 21 us-style local TV stations in areas including Belfast, Edinburgh, Cardiff and London. the service will be available to all terrestrial viewers and may also be offered on satellite, cable and online. ofcom said it will decide on successful applicants this autumn, with the new channels
the pilot was flying solo during a training flight on Thursday. he radioed for assistance while returning to RAF leeming in north yorkshire. the Hawk jet was promptly joined by another aircraft from the same squadron.
new healthway is a book on hygiene and health aimed at 11 and 12 year-olds. academics have urged the government to exercise greater control over the book. the authorities say schools should monitor content as they are responsible for the choice of textbooks.
the pedestrian was hit at the texaco garage on roman farm road, hengrove. he was trapped by the car until it stopped on creswicke road. the victim, Kyle Clarke, died at the scene from his injuries.
aged 19, Jack Evans is working in one of the country's oldest industries - the steam railway. the line carries tourists from the seaside town of Aberystwyth to nearby Devil's bridge. since 1902 the railway has only stopped operating once - during world war two
the world anti-doping agency (wada) has made its latest claims two days before Russia finds out whether it can send athletes to the 2016 Rio Olympics. the report details the lengths athletes from different sports allegedly went to, both to avoid tests and fool doping control officers.
23 march 2017 Last updated at 14:55 GMT.
about 50 politicians, including the leader of the lower house of congress, are under investigation in the Petrobras corruption scandal. Mr Santana is accused of receiving bribes from several large engineering conglomerates. he was arrested in february after he returned from the Dominican republic
the trade in wildlife crime is said to be worth around $213bn per annum, according to the UN. this is the first time that individuals have been targeted. investigators from 21 countries gathered at Interpol's headquarters in france in October.
preliminary manufacturing purchasing managers' index fell to 47 in September. reading below 50 indicates contraction in the sector, while one above shows expansion. private survey also marked the seventh consecutive month of contraction in sector.
former new zealand international Jono gibbes has been appointed head coach of ull. the 40-year-old will work under director of rugby les kiss. he is currently forwards coach at french side Clermont auvergne. current head coach Neil doak'
uk labour party leader Jeremy corbyn pledged that a future Labour government would repeal the Trade Union Bill. ms dugdale accused the Scottish government of making cuts to schools and social care. she said councils were being "starved of the resources they need"
two were picked up by a coastguard helicopter high up on the munro. Lomond mountain rescue team located two others on the lower slopes.
the $43bn (£33bn) deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover by a Chinese company. the deal was cleared by the committee on foreign investment in the united states. about a quarter of Syngenta's sales are in north america.
a picture of the man allegedly behind the attack has started to emerge. he had failed in his bid to get residency, had lost his job and was on a wanted list. police have said that the man in custody is a 39-year-old Uzbek national.
Wolves go into the game having won just two of their past nine away league games. baldock scores his third goal in three games with a header after 16 minutes. helder Costa comes closest to equalising just before the break.
Forest green are currently second in the national league table. pidgeley could make his debut when they host aldershot on friday. the 32-year-old had been playing in the isthmian premier division with leatherhead following his release by Newport at the end of last season
Leave.EU campaign chairman says ex-leader is party's "biggest asset" and should be "engaged once again" letter to current leader, Paul Nuttall, criticises tactics in the Stoke Central by-election. he said the party had wrongly adopted a
a plethora of changes in the squads near the foot of the Scottish premiership table. Adam Rooney has scored two in two games on his return to the top flight. shaleum Logan or Alan Tate have arrived from Brentford and Swansea City respectively.
shortages and inflation have replaced security as the biggest worry for Venezuelans. president Nicolas maduro says shortages are caused by US-backed, far-right groups. economist: "when you impose prices that are below the value set by supply and demand"
crash happened at the Rising sun in north Bradley near Trowbridge. driver taken to bath's royal united hospital for treatment to his injuries. building has been deemed structurally safe.
Davis has made 14 appearances for the cod army since joining on loan in October. the 22-year-old recently agreed to extend his stay at the club until the end of the season. he joined Leicester from port vale in 2014, but did not feature for the first team.
Grabarz wins his third gold of the championships with a first-time clearance of 2.33m. the 28-year-old finishes second behind italian Gianmarco Tamberi. team captains Asha Philip and dina asher-smith miss out on the final. american
Celtic lift the cup for the first time since 2013 and become the first side in Scotland to complete an unbeaten treble. it is the 37th time the Hoops have lifted the world's oldest national football trophy. a thrilling 90 minutes concluded with Celtic not only lifting the cup but becoming the
the 23-year-old failed to make an appearance during his two years at the club. he spent three months on loan at national league side bromley last season. Kettings is the sixth new signing since Stephen Robinson was appointed manager.
a week-long pre-trial hearing at guantanamo bay will largely focus on issues of secrecy. Khalid sheikh Mohammed is accused of masterminding the attacks. the others are implicated for providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking.
beyonce up for album of the year for her visual album, lemonade. her single formation is also up for song and record of year. kim kardashian is nominated in the best new artist category.
David Cameron said a stadium would "inspire young people, brings jobs and wealth" to the county. recent planning rows have left the future of the stadium in question. labour said it was a "cynical empty promise and will come to nothing" the lib dems questioned where
the 28-year-old striker is in the final 18 months of his £250,000-a-week contract. united and Rooney hope to conclude contract talks in coming week. Rooney scored 11 goals in 24 games for united this season.
the 25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the u's last season. the deal contains an option to agree a permanent move. manager Steve Evans first tried to sign the striker in the Scottish premier league.
the aircraft, nicknamed "Bette" after one of its pilot's girlfriends, was built in 1941. it was stationed in Cornwall, Hampshire, Norfolk and Shropshire during the war. after it crashed in shropshire in 1944, killing its australian pilot, its wreckage
Korean firm doosan power systems is to locate a research centre in Renfrew. it also wants to build a manufacturing plant in Scotland, creating up to 1,000 jobs. steel engineering aims to double its 120 staff by opening a new plant.
staff at mountfitchet castle were surprised to find two nests had been created next to the arc of its belly. owner Jeremy goldsmith said seeing the hatched chicks on Thursday morning had been a "lovely surprise" it remained unclear why the hens had
net migration rose by 30% in the year to June, to 336,000. the number of "tier 2" visas issued to skilled workers from non-EU countries is limited to 20,700 a year. but a report by the select committee concluded the cap had been "counter-productive"
the breakdown service also reported a rise in personal memberships of 0.4% to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of January. the increase in memberships halted a long-standing drop in figures.
arsenal goalkeeper cech fills his time by performing fills - on his drum kit. the former arsenal man credits drumming with improving his keeping skills too. former tottenham midfielder samuel eto'o has a tattoo on his left arm
archbishop says he is in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros. in the uk, an act of parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April. "i would love to see it before I retire
anti-IS group says water pumping station, Taj hall and furousiya areas were hit. IS-linked news agency amaq also said Raqqa's water supply had been cut. russia says its bombers have targeted an arms depot, a chemical weapons factory and
Jaguar Land Rover announces plans to create 1,700 jobs at its base in Solihull. families talk about the difficulty of finding their cars in supermarket car parks. the west midlands town is just a stone's throw away from the plant.
22-year-old has not played for Shrewsbury this season. he has played once for mansfield and four times for wrexham on loan. bolton youth product has also played for blackpool and Accrington.
9th us circuit court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling. ruling means people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen with visas can continue to enter the US. case is now likely to end up at the highest court, the US
council had been consulting on plans to replace paid staff at seven sites in Huddersfield with volunteers. protesters said a survey had shown 66% of people were opposed to the plan. council later said there would be no changes for three years.
burnley draw 1-1 with home side in the premier league. andre gray scores the equalizer for the visitors. a penalty appeal is waved away by referee Andy woolmer.
like-for-like sales were up by 4.9% during the quarter compared with a year earlier. chief executive Roger whiteside warned that wage pressures could drive costs up next year. he said the business would "look for cost efficiencies to offset" any rising costs.
Jung won aboard Sam, who was a late replacement when Fischertakinou contracted an infection in July. france's astier Nicolas took silver and american Phillip Dutton won bronze. GB's William Fox-Pitt finished 12th after being placed in an induced coma
a stake in a local energy business could cost from just £5. the industry says it could generate an annual return of between 6% and 9%. it has been developed by the renewable industry alongside community groups.
injured pets needed amputations following air rifle attacks in march and april. a five-year-old cat called Ruby was shot in the spine and put down by vets. another cat in Cranleigh survived but lost her eye.
oneil din, 27, from coventry, got caught in a rip current and died at Crantock beach, Cornwall on 15 august. the duchy said new warning signs were put up in 2016 and it planned to "see what more can possibly be done" a breakwater was damaged by
humpback whale foetuses have been collected by scientists in the early 20th century. the specimens were collected to gather data on the activities of the whaling fleets. a new study shows how species have shrunk in size in the last 40 years.
last month the Bank halved its bank rate from 0.5% as it tried to ensure the stability of the UK's banking system in the aftermath of the referendum vote. but the Bank said again that it might cut rates further in the coming months, even though the immediate economic after-shock of the
state media roll out fresh material aimed at discrediting the tribunal's ruling. xinhua: china has repeatedly declared that the arbitration tribunal does not have jurisdiction. state-run CCTV: potential for china to enter into "joint developments"
the US economy grew at an annual rate of 0.2% in the first three months of the year, far lower than forecasts. the federal reserve also kept interest rates at a record low, blaming the slower growth on "transitory factors" Japan's Nikkei 225
only 86.2 overs were possible on the first four days after heavy rain in Sydney. the West indies resumed on 248-7 before australia reached 176-2. australia were already 2-0 up in the series but the draw stops them moving top of the test rankings.
at least 13 people have died and two are missing as a result of the floods. floodwaters in the eastern city of halle have reached their highest level in 400 years. chemical plants next to the swollen rivers have been shut down over safety concerns.
incident took place close to Caernarfon's crown court and fire station. mother-of-five airlifted to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent. police say her 46-year-old partner has been arrested.
police called to Oxlow lane, dagenham, after reports of a street fight. officers recovered three large knives, scissors and cannabis. two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested.
the Lagos cricket league boasts about 99% of the Nigerian national team. recently the national team got promoted to division five in the world cricket league. the league has helped raise the profile of cricket and the opportunity to play outside school.
global markets have tumbled this week, with investors disconcerted at the lack of growth. sterling drops 0.5% against the dollar following the speech. Chancellor, George Osborne, says worldwide economy is "more unstable than it has been for some time"
Foxconn posted a net profit of NT$37bn ($1.2bn; £814m) in the October to December quarter. the firm is the world's biggest contract electronics maker. orders from apple account for almost half of its total revenue.
walkers set off from shrewsbury abbey on 18 June, ending up at st winefride's well. the walk is part of a week of events to commemorate the historic royal visit. Holywell has been a place of pilgrimage for more than
the Brazilian grand prix throbs with a passion and fervour matched by few others. drama is synonymous with the track, not least because of its position at the business end of the season. the track is a splash of vibrant green in an ocean of concrete grey and s
Elgan Varney, 33, cleared of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault. the 22-year-old student killed herself at her Staffordshire home in august 2015. prosecutors said the case had been kept under regular review by the CPS.
Japanese-owned chemical firm sekisui alveo says production at its plant will end by march 2018. the plant will be decommissioned in four stages over the next three years, the company said. it is part of a move to relocate production to Roermond in the Netherlands.
a retired Bangor university professor has revealed what he believes to be the true location of camelot. prof Peter field, a renowned expert in Arthurian literature, believes it to be a small Roman fort at Slack, on the outskirts of Huddersfield
Vardy has not scored for the champions since 10 september. the 29-year-old has scored twice in the league this season compared with 13 last season. he finished last season with 28 goals in 48 appearances for club and country.
the latest intake of tory MPs is far and away the most eurosceptic in the party's history. a third of those now on the benches would like to see a fundamental renegotiation of the UK's relationship with the EU. only ten conservative MPs
lib dem leader says tories will have to cut 10,000 police officers, 28,000 carers and 25,000 military personnel to pay for tax cuts. he said the poorest would "bear the heaviest burden"
police were called to Jackson road in Clacton at about 21:10 BST on Tuesday. the female officer was seriously hurt and remains in hospital. a 23-year-old woman and a man aged 21 were arrested and released under investigation.
west indies beat australia in world t20 final at the iconic Eden gardens. 18-year-old Hayley Matthews hits 66 off 45 balls with three sixes, in a stand of 120. windies win with three balls to spare and their men's team complete a
"it would have to be the leader" asking him to quit a role, says north wales AM. new leader won party's leadership contest with 62.6% of support among party members. "disgruntled left-behind labour voters" were a target
Oasis, a community and education charity, runs the primary school in Birmingham where Benefits street was filmed. the charity has offered a solution: a self-defence kit against unwanted advances. despite more than 900 complaints, watchdog ofcom ruled that channel
prison officers will be allowed to retire at 65 - up to three years ahead of the current state pension age. they stopped work over claims of a "surge in violence" in jails but returned to work after a high court injunction ordered them to end their 24-hour protest. prison
Alan Wright and his wife visited Sissinghurst castle garden in 2015. he said a man they spoke to took their photo in the gardens. Mrs Wright, from Kent, died three months later.
whitening creams have been popular for years among young women across africa. medical experts say they may cause cancer, diabetes, severe skin conditions and other diseases. they are still used in the Gambia despite a ban.
lib dem Lord Oates accuses labour of being prepared to "concede everything" opposition's leader in the Lords, baroness Smith, responds that his party is giving people "false hope" the two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the
a further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes. the figures were revealed after a written parliamentary question by lib dem leader Tim farron. uk has conducted more than 1,200 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria since it became involved.
hacker says he wanted to highlight the website's "vulnerability" he said he knew of someone who planned to plant a bomb hoax on the system. airport director condemned the hacking as a crime that police are investigating.
lancashire county council has earmarked land on former Glenburn sports college and Skelmersdale college. decision follows a comparative study by network rail of both sites and one near the concourse shopping center.
Christophe Borgye's remains were found at a property in Ellesmere port in 2013. he was killed in 2009 and buried in the outbuilding of the house he shared with Wagner and fellow frenchmen Sebastian Bendou and dominik Kocher. det S
notPetya was a cyber-attack launched by a group of hackers in july. some companies are still too scared to reveal the full scale of the fallout. experts say it was not about money, and was part of wider efforts to destabilize ukraine
tries for Charles Piutau, Rob Miller and Ashley Johnson secure a 25-0 lead. tries from David seymour and Neil Briggs put the hosts in control. wasps centre Johnny leota sent off in a scuffle late on.
the accident happened on the edinburgh bypass at about 17:00 on monday. a woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a "serious leg injury" four other people suffered minor injuries but were later released. the eastbound lane of the road was closed following the
judge Jeanette Traverso dismisses case against care home boss dewani. judge says evidence from key prosecution witness is "riddled with contradictions" wife's family considering whether to launch civil action against husband in the uk. three men have already been convicted for their part in
cuadrilla's plans for fracking at its Preston new road site at little plupton were approved in October. firm says it will put Lancashire first for creating jobs, new skills, investment. opponents say they were surprised by the news since a legal challenge is outstanding.
daughter of attorney-general for consumer protection tried to close down bistro. she used his influence to try to get the restaurant to give her a table she wanted. president pena nieto ordered his dismissal on Wednesday.
the planes were buried in 1945 by the RAF amid fears that they could either be used or destroyed by foreign forces. experts from Leeds university and an academic based in rangoon believe they may have identified the sites where the craft are concealed using sophisticated radar techniques. officials said president thein
coastguard helicopter from north Wales flew to the scene. volunteers helped to the top of the ridge and winched aboard the helicopter. they were dropped off at Nant peris while volunteers walked down.
immigration minister says he hoped the detained fast track system would resume within weeks. it is thought about 800 applicants are affected - and can now seek bail. the court of appeal ordered the home office to halt the system last month.
spending on public-sector services per head is highest in northern ireland, lowest in england. the english enjoy public-service spending per annum equivalent to under 40% of the income they generate. but in a unified uk, the proportion of income spent on public
Mohammed Ali ege, originally from Cardiff, was arrested in india in 2011. he is accused of conspiracy to commit murder. authorities confirmed he escaped from a railway station washroom.
Chris may, 28, was last seen by family at his home in Kelvedon on 25 may 2015. his abandoned Volkswagen golf was found 10 miles (16km) away in fairstead. case was formally declared a murder by Essex police investigation a year later.
havelock Europa wants to expand its sourcing operation in china and grow further in australia. office refurbishments in the capital are among Britain's more lucrative opportunities. the firm has been through a difficult corporate turnaround in recent years.
James Watt and Martin Dickie started BrewDog in 2008, selling beer from a van. they entered a bottled beer competition organised by supermarket group Tesco. after winning the competition, they went to their bank to ask for another £150,000. fast forward to 2014, and Bre
the pound was down 0.2% against the dollar at $1.4226. the "volatility index" - a measure of investors' uncertainty - has hit levels last seen in the 2008 financial crisis. investors have been spooked by data showing the chances of a Remain
David Harris, 68, was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover policeman £150,000 to murder hazel allinson. court heard he wanted to inherit her home and elope with sex worker ugne cekaviciute. the court of appeal confirmed papers had
ex-marine konstandinos Erik Scurfield, 25, died near the Syrian city of Qamishli. his coffin was handed over to his father and uncle in a ceremony involving hundreds of Kurds. he is believed to have travelled to the region three or
the NSA's spying was leaked by a former NSA contractor who has since fled to Russia. NSA has collected data about numbers called and times, but not the content of conversations. members of congress could "help reinforce the court's decision" next week.
the 32-year-old spent the second half of last season on loan at the lilywhites. he made 14 appearances in all competitions for the club. made 29 appearances for manchester united over five years.
pit bull named Stella had been kept in a 3ft by 9ft cage for two years without exercise. now former kennel workers have released a video showing both Stella and a seized Rottweiler named Vinnie. former staff at the kennels say
Streatham MP says labour should not be "screaming at the electorate" after election. he also criticises Jeremy corbyn, amid reports that he is doing well in the race to be leader. his comments come after the party was hit by a row over
allan Stanley, 76, of Nefyn, was snorkelling around the island of Gozo when he was hit. his widow Diane told the inquest it happened in seconds. a conclusion of accidental death was recorded by coroner dewi pritchard-Jones
25 suspects were released because of a lack of evidence. it is the latest batch of death sentences passed in connection with the killings. 36 men were hanged a year ago for their part in the massacre.
Magicseaweed, founded in 2002, provides forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches around the world. the firm employs 22 people in Kingsbridge, taking data from offshore weather buoys to forecast surfing conditions. it also allows surfers to check conditions via web cameras on beaches
play was suspended on friday afternoon as winds reached 36mph. the third round is under way with plans to complete it on saturday. argentina's nacho elvira is nine under, a shot clear of open champion henrik stenson
colchester beat stoke 2-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday. the win was colchester's first in league one since a 2-1 win against port vale.
the huts are made of chalk and straw daub and wheat-thatched roofing. they have been based on archaeological remains found at durrington walls, near Stonehenge. the hope is to re-build them at the visitor centre next year.
at least 21 people were arrested in clashes between Trump supporters and opponents. the idea for the themed march came from law professor Jennifer Taub. she was angered when presidential adviser Kellyanne conway said "people don't care"
Anthony Joshua and wladimir Klitschko to fight in new zealand on 10 december. the IBF, WBO and WBA heavyweight titles would not be on the line. but the WBO has sanctioned the fight between ruiz
peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod, does dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l...
northampton hooker expected to be named captain by new head coach Eddie Jones. rugby football union chief executive says he has "paid the penalty" for his ban. Ritchie confirms the RFU is monitoring the case of young flanker Sam underhill. the 19-year-old is
Otto warmbier, 22, has suffered a "severe neurological injury" he was arrested in 2016 while visiting north korea as a tourist. botulism is a type of poisoning which can cause total body paralysis.
conor mcgregor vs. Floyd mayweather is likely to be the richest fight in boxing history. both fighters and their camps have been candid in admitting the contest is about the cash. but the language they have used to boost their mega pay day has been disg
weapons found at the scene of Brian Terry's death were linked to a US anti-gun-running scheme. under the scheme, the US allowed criminals to purchase guns in order to trace them to arms traffickers. a report has cited 14 people for possible disciplinary action for their roles
threats made to 27 Jewish community centres in 17 states in the past month. no bombs were found at any of the centres targeted with telephone calls. white house says that such actions are "unacceptable"
england beat italy 30-points to win by a narrow margin at Twickenham. but there was less possession, less tackles missed and fewer line breaks made. a young dancer and dasher, Jonathan Joseph, is terrifying defenders and delighting supporters every
Baidu has been developing self-driving vehicles since 2015. it has announced that technologies for use in restricted test environments would be available as soon July. the move could be likened to google's decision to release Android, the free operating system for smartphones.
thousands of signallers, maintenance staff and station workers due to walk out on monday. limited services will run on Scotrail, gatwick and heathrow express lines and southeastern. further disruption and delays expected on Wednesday, as services return to normal.
police allege 74-year-old nun was raped in the convent. the incident caused outrage in india and led to street protests. eight suspects have been identified, of which two remain untraced.
an emoji of the Chilean flag is widely available while one of the texas flag is not yet. the idea was to raise awareness about the mix-up in a light-hearted manner. some texans have developed a habit of using the chilean flag
the premier league has secured a record £5.1bn three-season domestic deal with BT sport and sky, which starts in 2016-17. the new us agreement is in addition to the domestic rights deal and covers all premier league matches in seasons 2016-17 to 2021-22.
water pipes in the town are old and prone to leaks and bursts, severn Trent water says. part of Milford road is expected to be closed until the summer as a metal water pipe is replaced. more than 12 miles (20km) of new water pipes are being laid
turkey says a Russian jet flew into its airspace on the border with Syria on friday. the foreign ministry summons the Russian ambassador to "strongly protest" the incident. tensions between the two countries have been high since turkey shot down a russian jet in November.
Newcastle lie eighth, having won six of their 14 matches, after finishing 11th for the previous three campaigns. the 53-year-old has never looked at anything other than being in the top six for the last four years. "we're now getting more wins than people thought, and people are now considering us
the 26-year-old has made just one appearance since joining in November. he scored in the 3-2 win over former club barnsley.
the 19-year-old's spare bike contained a motor at the Cyclo-cross world championships in belgium. van den driessche has been fined 20,000 Swiss francs (£14,000) and ordered to pay legal costs. the result of the
forrest griffin, a retired ufc light-heavyweight champion, leads journalists through the $14m development. the 30,000 square feet facility is located about four miles from the city's famous strip. a fighter competing under the UFC banner can train here at no cost
Luther Burrell is likely to take the inside-centre role vacated by 24-year-old Farrell. Harlequins winger marland yarde is in line to start instead of Exeter's Jack nowell. england have never won a series in australia
Katie Milby, 13, has a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people in the uk. her friend Kyle Pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made available on the NHS. there is no known cure to Morquio syndrome but the drug improves the
Lichfield are the only premiership side not to be included in the new Women's Super Rugby competition. director of rugby Becky Williams said it was "devastating" to miss out. there will be a multi-million pound investment by the RFU over the first three years
Raheem sterling, Ross Barkley, Alex Oxlade-chamberlain and Jack Wilshere among those eligible but not called up. Ashworth had a key role in the FA introducing proposals - the 'England DNA programme' the plan is to co-ordinate
trade is one area where the president has freedom to act without the approval of lawmakers. perhaps his most radical idea is to impose hefty tariffs on Chinese-made goods. if china does not reform its trade relations with the US it could supply a shock to the economy.
west Midlands police's cannabis team flagged down by a driver in wolverhampton. the passenger was in labour and the team rushed to help deliver a baby girl. paramedics arrived at the scene and mother and baby were taken to hospital.
Leicester centre man manu tuilagi is attracting interest from several sides. reports had suggested he had been offered £1.6 million by Worcester warriors. cockerill says he is confident he will stay at welford road.
jemma beale, 25, from hounslow was found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice. she falsely claimed she was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six, all strangers. one allegation led to the
Mohammed Khubaib, 43, was convicted of rape and grooming offences last month. the court heard he forced a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him. he had a "persistent and almost predatory interest
crews were called to the incident at about 17:00 on friday. no-one was injured in the incident.
BBC weather said 50mm of rain fell in Cambridgeshire in an hour, damaging the banks of the river Nene in march. a Tesco shopper said water was "pouring through the ceiling near the fresh fish counter" there have also been reports of flash flooding in west Norfolk.
the inter-american commission on human rights says there is no evidence to support claims the bodies were incinerated. relatives have always rejected the official investigation into the disappearance of the 43 students. the case shocked Mexico and led to weeks of protests against official impunity and the government of president Enrique
about 70 personnel will eventually be in Somalia carrying out medical, logistical and engineering duties. around 300 troops are also being deployed to the conflict in south Sudan. al-Shabab - the Islamist militant group allied to al-Qaeda - is battling Somalia's government for
summer Wroniecki broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd. her father Christian wrote on facebook that his daughter was "comfortable". it is believed an adult was also treated for a shoulder complaint after the incident.
the 35-year-old has 184 goals in 252 matches in an international career. she was in the 2015 world cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds. wambach was the 2012 fifa women's world player of the year and a six-time us soccer female
only one in 200 women - or 0.5% - are still doing any degree of breastfeeding after a year. that compares with 23% in germany, 56% in brazil and 99% in senegal. researchers said it was a "widespread misconception
the 24-year-old has agreed a two-year-deal with the pro12 club. he is the son of former springbok Guy Kebble and won the 2012 under-20s world championship. Kebble will join current team-mate Huw Jones in Glasgow.
Widnes currently lie in fifth place in the table. the Vikings led the table after winning six of their first seven games. they slipped from the top after losing to warrington on 25 march.
duke of york named in court papers relating to case against financier Jeffrey Epstein. palace: claims made about the duke were "without any foundation" the woman behind the allegations says she was forced to sleep with the prince when she was under age.
Krystian pearce headed home from 12 yards after Luke summerfield's free-kick was met by a deft touch by Dave winfield. the visitors had glorious chances to win it as Matt green hit the crossbar from only five yards out and reggie lambe also hit
the 28-year-old man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition. he was found in north street at 07:10 GMT on saturday. two men and a woman were arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Clive weatherhogg set up meetings between a woman and a man he found through an adult website, and filmed them having sex. he sent a message containing a sexually explicit clip to the victim's sister on christmas day. the woman told the trial
Rhodes will join Wednesday on a permanent transfer in the summer for a fee believed to be £10m. the 26-year-old scored six goals in 24 league appearances for the owls after joining from blackburn for £9m in January 2016. he featured just six times
the academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much of its contents was destroyed in the blaze on 21 august. the temporary buildings will house science labs, workshops and food technology areas, the school said. some of the buildings had previously been used to house staff and students from bohunt school in worth
British and Irish Lion North has signed a new contract with northampton saints. the 23-year-old's previous deal was due to expire next summer. he had been linked with a return to his home country of Wales.
Kvitova beats Romania's Halep 6-1 6-2 to reach her first final of 2015. the 26-year-old will face dominika cibulkova, who beat svetlana kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4.
Gerald lavey said his children clung to him during the attack by up to six men. he said the gang dragged him from his living room to the front garden. police said they consider both incidents to be linked.
the former Nova centre in prestatyn will be given a new gym, cafe and pool-side changing rooms as part of the £4.2m revamp. three promenade-side retail units and a soft play facility will also be built. the centre shut last february
cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims, police say. many cases involve multiple suspects but also single suspects. last year, 12 men were jailed for their part in the abuse of a single victim in Keighley.
the driver could face the death penalty. police believe the incident is linked to people smuggling. more than 100 people could have been in the trailer at one point.
for just over a year when she was 14 years old, i suffered from anorexia nervosa. i developed techniques and deceptive ways to make it look like I'd eaten when I hadn't. for a girl who loathed maths
SKN heritage museum is showing the type of belongings brought by African-Caribbean immigrants in the 1940s and 50s. the Windrush generation responded to adverts to work in Britain but were only allowed to bring one suitcase. exhibition aims to give an insight into people who
government denies it intends to determine the scheduling of programmes. reports suggest the BBC will be called upon to defend its scheduling. details are expected in this month's White Paper on BBC Charter renewal.
carmarthenshire council says it will investigate the incident. taxi driver refused to take her less than one mile away from the venue. it took the 43-year-old more than an hour to reach the event.
philae, the first spacecraft to land on a comet, has contacted Earth, via Rosetta. it worked for 60 hours before its solar-powered battery ran flat. scientists now hope to carry out experiments to see whether comets are the source of life.
sgt Jon Harris surprised customers by belting out the classic 70s track on the karaoke. the officer was sent to an alleged assault in the Waterloo bar in Argyle street. he was in full uniform at the time and was in the pub
the hosts lost opener Chris dent for a duck in the fourth over. gareth roderick (23) and will tavare (20) followed shortly after. hamish marshall (58) and phil mustard (38) led the hosts' recovery.
first minister Peter Robinson urged the prime minister to suspend the northern Ireland assembly. arlene foster said the DUP was prepared to take "our own action" if the government did not intervene. the crisis was sparked by the murder of an ex-IRA man.
Durham were bowled out for just 59 in their first innings. northants finished the day 59-3, 107 runs behind.
Margaret Fleming, 36, was last seen at her home in inverkip by her two carers. she is described as about 5ft 5in tall, with collar-length black hair, brown eyes. when last seen, she was wearing a green tartan fleece or jump
a poster for conference call firm powwownow shows a man on an underground train surrounded by zombie-like characters in masks. Changing faces says the images are "insensitive" because of the similarity to masks worn by people recovering from burns. in one advert,
Sammy ameobi's 20-yard effort 25 seconds after half-time doubled the visitors' advantage. Gary madine's first goal since august 27 in the 44th minute put the visitors in front. Josh Vela's superbly crafted goal 20 minutes later appeared to ease home
the initiative comes a year after the Charlie Hebdo killings in paris. gunmen killed 17 people at different sites, including the offices of the satirical magazine. dozens of mosques are taking part in the open-house event.
total catches of cod, haddock and plaice increased, the Scottish government said. saithe, whiting and herring will be decreased in line with long-term management plans. talks between the EU and Norway agreed the total allowable catch for cod would be 29,189 tonnes,
the Dufton Europa plane crashed in a field in maidwell on thursday. the pilot and his wife were found at a pub where they had walked after the ordeal. an off duty policeman alerted the ambulance crews of the couple's whereabouts
a small section of the Swansea canal is to be put back to water. the canal was once a feat of 18th Century engineering. two-thirds of it was given an unceremonious burial beneath the city's post-war buildings and the new A474
fly-half sexton and flanker o'brien have both recovered from calf injuries. winger Andrew conway has been ruled out after aggravating an existing groin problem. Ulster's paddy Jackson will start if the Leinster star is
landlords will be able to end tenancies, sometimes without a court order, when asylum requests fail. landlords would also be required to check a migrant's status in advance of agreeing a lease. critics have said it may lead to UK citizens being refused accommodation
justice minister said cees Helman was paid less than he actually was. he also said details of the payment - authorised by a prosecutor - had been lost. the resignations are a blow to the liberal party as it faces an election.
Forfar move seven points clear of arbroath after beating them 3-2. Edinburgh city extend their unbeaten run to seven matches with a 0-0 draw. Montrose win 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers, while Stirling beat Annan Athletic.
the park authority's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing. it added that the developer's three planning applications for the project were "not deemed to meet with a range of other planning policies" the housing project has been going through the planning process for more than 10 years
patients on two wards at university hospital llandough are suffering from the illness. hospital said the spread of the virus would be limited if people made only necessary visits. norovirus is a highly contagious virus which causes nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea
despite all its strengths, china is once again prey to political groupthink and fear. the latest trigger was a speech by a Chinese student at an american campus. video clip of her speech quickly went viral and triggered an outpouring of anger.
crocodile egg harvesting is a hot topic in the state of Queensland. critics say it is not right to take the eggs, as most are already lost to inundation or predation. proponents say legalisation in the northern territory brought substantial economic benefits. but
the county council said they had to think about the upcoming winter even when it was "boiling hot" the fleet of more than 40 vehicles covers about 1,865 miles (3,000km) of roads. the authority said it had about 35,000 tonnes of salt in stock.
Ricky travels the country meeting the robots of the future and the scientists working on them. from spending a night in a robot house to getting a brain scan, he finds how and why our relationship with robots is changing.
Gillian McCusker had fallen out with Rachel and Nyomi Fee just before the death. she said she never suspected any wrongdoing during the time she knew the Fees. the former friend said she regretted that "nothing" could be done now that Liam was gone
newsprint manufacturer wants to cut reliance on imported energy. application will be decided by secretary of state rather than council. plan includes a gas-fired turbine.
authorities want to clear the area next to a motorway for security reasons. riot police have been overseeing the operation which seems to be happening without incident. officials had given between 1,000 and 1,500 residents until last Thursday to leave the area.
thirty Palestinians have been reported killed on Sunday and militants have continued to fire rockets into Israel. the foreign office confirmed that Mr Hammond had spoken to the Israeli foreign minister. he said he welcomed indications that Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
police use "robust policing tactic" to restore order after stabbing in colchester. two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed. police use section 60 of the criminal justice and public order act 1994 to search people. a 17-
plans by leighton Andrews to bring back bigger councils are similar to pre-1996 arrangements. plans envisage the return of historical counties such as Dyfed and west Glamorgan. minister will consult further on whether to move to two or three councils in north Wales.
proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the US. combined 3 firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers. new merged company will compete with US cable market leader Comcast.
John findlay was abused while a pupil in the care of Aberlour house in moray. he said the inquiry was "yet another process" rather than progress towards helping victims. findlay said what happened to him as a child "tainted" his adult life
the Night Wolves had planned to enter next week as part of a ride across Europe. the group is subject to sanctions for alleged involvement in Crimea. they are viewed in Poland as the "kremlin's hells angels"
AB de Villiers will lead south africa in the third test in Johannesburg, which starts on 14 January. amla had been in poor form but made a double century to inspire his side's fightback. the 32-year-old had been appointed successor to Graeme Smith in June
forecasts were for quarterly growth of between 0.5% and 0.7%. economist Shane Oliver said the numbers were "well below potential" on an annual basis the economy expanded 2.3%, beating expectations for 2.1%.
more than half of common cuckoos in the uk have been lost over the past 20 years. survival is lower on the shorter route via Spain, scientists say. loss of farmland and insect food may also be to blame for the bird's decline.
Force india driver gonzalo perez has decided to join the team for 2017. the 26-year-old had explored options with both Williams and Renault. he said: "it flatters me incredibly and pushed me to be strong"
more than 21,000 children on local council records as being home schooled. many of these pupils, like Gabriel, have never been to school. parents give various reasons for shunning school, and taking direct responsibility.
Donaldson moves to eight under par at barseback golf and country club. the 41-year-old leads from italy's Renato paratore by a stroke. Graeme storm and max orrin are tied for the lead in third place.
there are currently five drop-in clinics in england for victims of the practice. but there is no such medical provision in Wales. charity bawso is working to open a pilot clinic at the Cardiff royal infirmary.
first time durable "thermoset" plastic has been produced in a recyclable form. includes strong, stiff plastics and flexible gels that can mend themselves if torn. could lead to cheaper and greener cars, planes and electronics.
tech talent coverage looks at why the UK has failed to find a google or facebook. entrepreneur Rohan Silva says funding for start-ups has "long been seen as a big problem" co-founder of hoxton ventures says investors are too short-term.
Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders visitor centre in jedburgh. it comes ahead of a number of proposals to open the region's first whisky distillery since 1837. the gin takes its name from a legendary Borders figure.
about half of the former John player factory in Radford, built in 1895, has now been torn down in a series of controlled demolitions. firefighters have said the blaze at the Victorian landmark, which was being converted into student accommodation, was the most complex they had ever dealt with.
new research suggests the gender gap between men and women's life expectancies is narrowing. it predicts in 2030 men in england and wales can expect to live on average to 85.7 years. in 1981 men were likely to die six years before women on average.
daemerza, 20, charged with misdemeanour hazing after alleged attack on Andrew seely. seely, 19, sought medical treatment for serous facial swelling after the incident. it is an induction ritual meted out typically to new members of the us college social clubs.
border between the two countries runs up the mountain near its peak. campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit to Finland. but the country's constitution prohibits any sacrifice of Norwegian territory.
the Fraser of allander institute reckons that growth this year will be 1.9%. that is the same as its forecast for last year, for which official data has not been finalised. economists at the Strathclyde university institute warned that growth was too dependent on household spending based on credit
"my wife convinced me. she was right. I'm supposed to do this," he tells conservative website. it was his first interview since he took office and correspondents say he has so far kept a low profile at the state department.
needham market FC were heading to Folkestone when they hit a jam on the M20. club secretary mark easlea said they were approached by a woman who was late for her wedding. he said they wanted to know if she got to the church on time and
the 18-year-old from Birmingham was detained after arriving back in the uk on saturday. it follows the arrest of a 24-year-man and a woman, both from Birmingham, on 4 April. the arrest is not in connection with five terror arrests on friday
the sculptures will be cast in bronze and displayed at the Arboretum in Staffordshire. a "substantial amount" of the £140,000 cost has been raised. an appeal has now been launched to raise the remaining money.
the pace of political change in burma has certainly slowed, says cnn's nina dos santos. she says the easiest reforms took place in the first 18 months of the thein sein's presidency. but the pace hasn
John coyle tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow's Easterhouse. he left empty-handed after the worker shouted to her mother who also worked there. the 43-year-old, from Cranhill, will be sentenced in the new year.
a separate police report says minority officers in some forces end up in disciplinary system. the report acknowledges concerns from minority officers about unfair treatment. in the west Midlands, black and minority ethnic (BME) officers are almost twice as likely to be the subject of an investigation as white officers.
the coins, known as Scottish groats, were discovered by keen metal detectorist Tom Crawford. they were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge. experts believe they are part of a larger hoard of coins found in the same field in 2001.
Caitlin was rescued from the side of the bay by a member of the public. she died in hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest. her mother, Sabrina cook, said she had lost her "everything"
scooter Danny glass was riding on collided with a truck in Phuket, thailand. he and lorry driver Natt awut Timsue are to be charged with causing death by reckless driving.
Leonie Granger sentenced to life in prison for manslaughter of mehmet hassan. her boyfriend and his friend were found guilty of murder. judge described attack as "pitiless and wicked" and jailed her for life.
the chancellor has said to colleagues, the mood has changed since the autumn statement. there will certainly be some "pats on the back" when it comes to the Budget on Wednesday. but the Treasury is quietly warning there may still be pain ahead.
Shaw will be joined on the 18 July flight to los angeles by fellow world cup squad member Wayne Rooney. england's Juan mata and david de gea are also named in the united states squad. new manager louis van gaal could be involved in the world cup
former first minister salmond tells the parliament: "it's goodbye from me... for now" presiding officer tricia marwick shed tears after veteran labour MSP Duncan McNeil bid farewell. ms marwick and mr salmond are among those standing down ahead of
the attack comes weeks after it was revealed Hollywood Presbyterian medical centre had been attacked by ransomware. none of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom. the cases are now being investigated by the FBI.
we want you to share your lives with us too by tweeting, posting, sharing, snapping and chatting your way through the next six months.
Fifa delegates are voting on their new president, but the incumbent, sepp Blatter, has refused to withdraw from the contest. seven senior colleagues were arrested at a hotel in Switzerland on Wednesday. the US justice department has charged 14 people with racketeering, wire fraud and money laundering
the diners had paid a deposit of â900 ($950; £770) at the restaurant in bembibre. "it was something they had planned and they left in a stampede," says restaurant owner. police have not yet been able to contact any of the din
there were 70 reports during the lambing season earlier this year compared with 45 over the same time last year. police Scotland said the crime, which involved dogs chasing farm animals, had previously been under-reported. most offences reported were in Aberdeenshire, Highlands and islands and Lanarkshire
Ocon, 20, is contracted long-term to Mercedes, Force india's engine provider. he has been racing for manor in the second half of this season. replaces german Nico Hulkenberg, 29, who has moved to Renault.
some staff at Kingsmead were not treating people with "dignity and respect" care inspectorate report said that in some instances, people were being treated like "objects" report called for significant improvements, including staff development.
Ricky has been finding out about one dog who was having some language issues.
mark Mason, 48, of Rhyl, was stabbed to death in the car park of the town's home bargains. he was the victim of a turf war between rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade. james Davies, 20, was convicted of
the 25-year-old was dismissed in the 87th minute of 2-1 defeat by Sheffield Wednesday. he denied the charge, which was upheld by an independent regulatory commission.
the 21-year-old is eligible to face macclesfield on Saturday. former port vale player has made 27 appearances for welling this season.
Bristol city beat Cardiff 4-0 in their premier league clash at st james' park. Stephen Pearson and Martyn Woolford gave the hosts a deserved half-time lead. Cardiff replied through Heidar Helguson before debutant sam baldock put the
middlesex finish day on 342-3 after third-wicket stand of 279 runs. hosts lose openers nick gubbins and sam robson to early wickets. england's malan edged Liam Dawson to slip for 147
croydon clinical commissioning group said the plan could save the NHS thousands of pounds per year. but mother Sarah rose said it was "like taking milk from a baby" as her seven-month-old son depended on it. the decision has attracted more than 6,000 signatures
touchscreens are a source of a wide range of microbes, says a microbiologist. touchscreens can be "reservoirs of opportunistic pathogens," says Prof Gerba. smears come about thanks to a mix
vithiya alphons, 24, has acute myeloid leukaemia. not many south Asian people are on donor registers. charity Anthony nolan said 5,600 have signed up in the last week.
Choity Khatun was born with caudal twinning. part of a twin had developed in her pelvis. surgeons spent months working out how to remove the extra limb.
the man, believed to be a Polish national, was found badly injured. he later died at ninewells hospital in the early hours of wednesday. 24-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and has been charged.
the fire started at about 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth. several people had been rescued and evacuated from the burning building. police said a body had been found within the property.
the 34-year-old was ever-present as they won promotion to league two last season. he made 144 appearances in his first spell with the club before spending the 2015-16 season with Gateshead.
Liverpool women academics, stylists and commentators are tired of negative coverage of the grand national. people in London regard her accent as something "hysterically funny" academics believe negative coverage is part of the "vilification of the working classes"
Teresa dennett, 58, needed surgery after a stroke and the coroner concluded "it is likely she would have survived" if the operation went ahead. Nottingham university hospitals said its intensive care unit was full and suggested she go to Sheffield. but NHS England said a lack of beds was
this weekend's annual congress will be dominated by new championship proposals. plans put forward by GAA director general paraic duffy include completing the all-ireland senior championships by the end of august. congress will also hear a number of motions calls for the two-third
test cricket is more important for england and there's nothing wrong with that. we play quite a lot of one-dayers, we just don't play it very well, he says. the selectors are very nice people, but they have never played international cricket
Rangers boss Pedro caixinha watched Jamie Walker in friendly action on friday night. the 24-year-old has had offers rejected by the Ibrox club earlier this summer. cathro refused to comment on reports suggesting the club have improved their offer.
the 25-year-old led 6-5 before racing to victory and the £60,000 first prize. van Gerwen also beat the world number one in the 2014 world championship final. "this is a really big tournament to win and a difficult tournament too, so I'll enjoy this," said
SDLP leader colum eastwood says a Brexit "would undermine and destabilise the fabric of successive anglo-irish agreements" the democratic unionist party's (DUP) Sammy Wilson maintained a vote to leave the EU would "help the northern ireland economy"
former swindon defender released by relegated Brighton & hove albion. 35-year-old has no idea where he will be playing for the scottish national team. Greer won his 11th cap after starting in 3-0 defeat by france in
defence is way down the list of priorities for most political parties in this election. opinion polls show defence just scrapes into the top 10 of electorate concerns. this election issue includes foreign policy and the role of UK’s defence forces.
lib dem leader pays tribute to a "true liberal", "great campaigner" and "committed internationalist" he was the patron of angulimala, which promotes the teaching of Buddhism in prisons. he also campaigned on behalf of secular causes, fighting to
number of public authority homes sold in the year to march rose from 1,209 to 1,526. over the same period, 1,140 new council homes were built in Scotland. number of affordable homes also rose by 17%, with 7,012 completed.
ex-deputy prime minister said he feared Mr Johnson's "judgement is going" it marked a further escalation of a war of words between tories over the EU. Lord Heseltine said the "strain" of the referendum campaign was "telling
two men were attacked in Ivory Blacks in Glasgow on friday 14 october. police have released images of two men they want to speak to in connection. both men are described as white and aged 25 to 35.
"baby blockade" against plans to cut number of children's centres in Oxfordshire. more than 500 people took part in the march through the city on saturday. David Cameron had been invited to join the protest after saying he was "disappointed" council has said it
everton took the lead through a Romelu Lukaku penalty on 30 minutes. but palace equalised through fraizer Campbell and Yannick Bolasie. a late leighton baines penalty gave the toffees hope but palace held on.
a 59-year-old teacher from london received £185,000 after she slipped a disc in her back. a member of teaching staff in north Wales was given £100,000 compensation. the NASUWT teaching union said it had won £16,077,328
TTIP aims to boost economies of the EU and the us by removing or reducing barriers to trade and foreign investment. study by the centre for economic policy research estimated the potential gains for the EU as up to €119bn (£85bn; $134bn) a year
former england captain leaves his role at championship side after 43 days. the 36-year-old was appointed forwards coach by Eddie Jones' new-look team. former captain arrived at the club several weeks into the season having helped coach japan.
exports fell 2.1% compared with October, while imports rose 1.5%. factory production fell by 0.1% from October as energy production fell and construction activity decreased. "things are certainly not rosy," said bankhaus lampe economist Alexander Krueger.
"this is an award for the team because they did a marvellous job on the day," says Richard Tyler. the 44-year-old saw the jet go up in a loop and come down again as it crashed onto the a27. 11 men, ranging in age from 23
the Cadbury code has been the cornerstone of corporate governance ever since. the code has no punitive means of enforcement and follows a comply or explain model. critics say it treats all rules as optional and rewards openness.
the 12ft-high statue features about 40,000 spoons and took almost five months to build. spoons have been donated from across the world, as well as local schoolchildren. statue due to be transported to Mr Geller's home in Berkshire on 28 may.
Russian president vladimir putin met marine le pen at the elysee palace on tuesday. the meeting was a win for both, but there is more to the relationship than ideological convergence. in 2014, the National front took Russian loans worth €11m (
all parties promise to create more apprentices or equivalent schemes to get unemployment down. labour highlighted its pledge to create 100,000 additional apprentices. the Lib dems said they would fund their promise by moving cash from jobs growth Wales.
telecoms giant says it was important to retain access to the EU's free "movement of people, capital and goods" it was too early to "draw any firm conclusions regarding the long-term location for the headquarters" but Vodafone said that it would "take whatever decisions are appropriate"
the 30-year-old admitted carrying out the offences between 2007 and 2016 at his flat in greenock. he was also given a two-year licence, which means he will be monitored after being released from prison. the sex offender has previous convictions for hoarding in
man lodged a complaint with the police Ombudsman's office for NI. he said he had been wrongfully arrested and that his home had been unlawfully searched. the man was taken inside his house and arrested in connection with a firearms offence. police later
the french duo, seeded seventh, beat fifth seeds 6-3 2-6 6-4. it was their first Grand Slam title having only teamed up this year.
fourie du preez's try with five minutes remaining seals victory for south africa. backs Tyler Morgan and Dan Biggar plus hooker Scott Baldwin join list of injured players. wales lost a trio of front-line stars to long-term injuries before tournament began.
airport is in competition with heathrow to win approval for an additional runway. one of the guarantees is compensation for people living close to the airport. airports commission is considering three options for expanding airport provision.
angola-born wide-man has spent much of his career in the Dutch league. the 25-year-old impressed in reserve games against burnley and barrow. head of recruitment says this is a chance for him to show everyone what he can do.
the 51-year-old has spent more than a decade combining gravitas of roles with unkempt persona. big question is whether the blond-haired old Etonian wants simply to play for the team or to captain it. when he beat labour's
the 37-year-old spent two seasons at gresty road between 2006 and 2008. lowe scored 11 goals as bury won promotion from league two last season. he goes straight into the squad for the trip to colchester on tuesday.
Eleanor Hawkins, 23, from Derbyshire, admitted public indecency. she was among a group of 10 who stripped before taking photographs at the peak of Mount Kinabalu on 30 may. along with three other western tourists, one Dutch and two canadians.
since 2004, the country's economy has been expanding by about 10% a year. but a report by the international monetary fund suggests it will slow to 6.5% in 2013. some investors think the potential in africa's second most populous nation has not been recognised.
more than 4,000 people from turkey, predominantly Kurds, have gone to fight against the IS since the assault on Kobani started late last year. more than 200 YPG fighters have been buried in turkey so far. families suspect, all this is part of a measure to keep
items intended for an open day, including two generators, food and drink were stolen. last year, a memorial to crewmen who served in bomber command was damaged by trespassers. the centre still needs £2m in donations and events are being held to raise cash
the Cobblers' new owner pays hmrc unpaid tax it was due when he bought the club. administration petition brought by northampton borough council adjourned to 11 december. the council have a memorandum of understanding in place over
shares of Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy thin film were suspended after falling 47%. shares of goldin financial, which is 70%-owned by pan sutong, fell 55% on Thursday. goldin's value - $16.12bn - was erased as shares fell
MPs Holly Lynch and conor McGinn have resigned, it was confirmed. a spokesman for Mr corbyn said their positions would be filled "in due course" 10 MPs who left the front bench in a mass walkout are returning.
the average price of the cheapest match-day ticket has gone through the £30 barrier for the first time in the premier league, a rise of 6.5%. last year the then sports minister Helen grant said she was "cross and concerned" about ticket prices. but it appears the sport is still becoming
images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in June at the Gir national park in western Gujarat state. officials at the park said they imposed a preliminary fine because "the cricketer flouted the rules" jadeja's photos were posted days after Gujarat forestry officials warned of
prison staff found Richard Walsh unresponsive in his cell on Sunday morning. despite efforts to revive him, he was pronounced dead at 11.07am. the 43-year-old was accused of attacking the two schoolboys, aged 12 and 13, last month.
the number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year. but more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off. the report also found a record high percentage of black characters on broadcast television.
lib dem sources say 30,000 local authority places are being lost as money is diverted to free schools. tory education sources call the Lib Dems "pathetic", saying more school places were being created overall. the row is not the first within the coalition over education policy.
the election was called after mayor Lutfur Rahman was convicted of electoral fraud and removed from office. he has been banned from standing again. the met police said it was investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in relation to this election.
handball is played on an indoor court between two teams of seven players. games took place at the Olympic Park reborn as a sports centre for the community. handball's dedicated British fans have been getting back in the Box since 2012.
Chase has signed for leigh tigers until the end of the season. the 30-year-old played for the club between 2009 and 2013, before leaving in may. chase also praised the rugby football league for the support they offer players.
GB's men's 4x400m relay team move up from fourth to third in Beijing. denis alekseyev failed a drugs test when his sample was retested. a decision is yet to be made on when the team will receive their medals.
people with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee. this suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine. scientists say the "drive to drink coffee may be embedded in our genes"
the crown prince was widely expected to succeed his father, but officials had earlier said he wanted to postpone it by at least a year. correspondents say Thailand was left in an odd constitutional limbo as the prince, the undisputed heir, should have succeeded his father immediately
finance minister arlene foster is the only person so far to declare an interest. she has the backing of a majority of the party's most senior elected representatives. Peter Robinson announced in November that he was standing down as party leader.
four-month-old will be heading back to Wales with his mother for the champions league final. tv star, 40, will present a one show special from Cardiff on the eve of the men's match. she returned from maternity leave to the show part-time in
the bishop of cork said he hoped the church would one day recognise same-sex marriages in religious ceremonies. last month, the assembly rejected a motion calling for the introduction of same-sexual marriage in northern Ireland. the first gay marriages have recently taken place in england
police were called to the property in Iffley road at 14:58 BST. they are treating the death as "unexplained"
first time a Chinese company has admitted guilt in a US criminal export case. china nuclear industry Huaxing construction fined $3m (£1.9m) us has restricted nuclear-related exports to Pakistan since 1998 detonation.
Ivan reitman says he wants to "expand the ghostbusters universe" that will include "different films, tv shows, merchandise... all things that are part of modern filmed entertainment" he suggests that the Russo Brothers would direct what would then be a
the improvements will run from Saturday until 15 September. they will allow new trains to run on the great western rail mainline.
police say 540,000 people rallied in Barcelona, the capital of the region in north-east spain. but numbers were down sharply compared with last year's event, when 1.4 million gathered in Barcelona alone. Spain has consistently blocked attempts to hold a referendum on secession.
prince Harry visited the Mants'ase Children's Home in Maseru, lesotho. he was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work with disadvantaged children. prince Harry also revealed his love of photography and shared some images that he had taken
operators such as Uber and GrabTaxi will now have to register with the country's land transport authority. fees charged by the booking apps cannot exceed those of regular taxi companies. wealthy city-state Singapore is among the most expensive places in the world to own a car.
Woakes will play his first Test match in 16 months, after Anderson suffered a calf injury. the 26-year-old will be the eighth opener to partner alastair cook since 2012. south africa are ranked number one but lost their last series in india 3-0.
Finn was injured protecting his handler from a suspected armed robber. the seven-year-old german shepherd fought for survival. his recovery inspired a petition calling on the government to re-think the laws surrounding injured police support animals.
fire crews called to property on Robertson road just before 07:30. crews used breathing apparatus as they tackled the fire. senior officer for moray and Aberdeenshire said: "we will now investigate the cause."
protesters have been gathered since jamar Clark, 25, was shot during a struggle with police on 15 November. police said the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - were racially motivated. the city's mayor, Betsy Hodges, said the
reports say the capital, Maseru, is now calm after soldiers seized buildings. lesotho has seen a series of military coups since independence in 1966. the army denies staging a coup.
the incident at Neil McEvoy's office took place on Thursday morning. no valuables were taken but files had been "gone through" metal bars had been cut to access the property at Cowbridge Road east. south Wales police said an investigation had been launched.
the 50m (150ft) pylons would run from Carlisle to Heysham, Lancashire. they would connect a new £10bn nuclear power plant at Sellafield to the grid. the National Grid said it "fully recognises the importance"
a group of 14 people visited the north vietnamese battlefields in may. the aim was to capture the stories of those who fought for the NVA or viet cong. they conducted more than two dozen in-depth interviews with veterans.
curfew was put in place after protests over Freddie gray's death turned violent. six police officers are facing criminal charges over the death, which has been ruled a homicide. mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she did not want to maintain it any longer than
Quinn was on the bench in the dons' third-round defeat by hibernian. the 30-year-old has made more than 360 senior appearances.
Hildeberto pereira scores winner as forest beat blues 2-1 at the city ground. david bendtner is carried off on a stretcher after colliding with defender michael Morrison. defender had set up Eric Lichaj and Apostolos Vellio
alviro petersen scores 41st first-class century for lancashire at Lord's. captain Steven Croft makes 34 as division one leaders reach 298-3. haseeb hameed falls short of second successive ton on 89.
the Dow Jones was unchanged at 21,409.07 and the S&P 500 edged down 0.08% to 2,425.53. oil prices helped lift energy stocks, such as exxon mobil, which rose 0.6%. bank stocks lost ground ahead of the release of quarterly earnings this week
prime minister says leaving the union would be "a national error" more than 300 business figures and entrepreneurs have signed a letter in support of Brexit. the referendum takes place on 23 June.
Sebastian coe won two gold medals at the 1980 and 1984 olympic games. he was elected to parliament in 1992 and re-elected in 1997. coe has also held three world records in the space of 41 days.
Kamdjo made 33 appearances on loan at Boreham wood last season. he started his career with reading, and had spells at barnet and salford.
Emmanuel Eboue banned by fifa after failing to pay money owed to a former agent. the 32-year-old joined sunderland until the end of the season on 9 march. manager Sam allardyce said the club were "completely in the dark" over
Gordon Thomson, 37, said he splashed two basins of water on his neighbour's face. he told the court that one of the accused, William Burns, 56, was at the scene. both deny attacking the paper's investigations editor in Glasgow on 23 December 2015
more than 130 owners have reported overheating problems behind the glove-box. the alarm was raised by three different women, who say their cars burst into flames. Vauxhall has already examined 20 such cars which have been burned out.
Donald Trump is leading the race for the republican nomination, but it's starting to feel like he's not winning. there's mounting evidence that he is being outmanoeuvred in the behind-the-scenes political process. if he doesn't reach the magic
LudoSport has opened its first academy teaching seven forms of combat from the star wars world using flexible blades mounted on weighted hilts. the sport began eight years ago in italy but has only just come to England with the first classes in Cheltenham.
the 68-year-old from Bournemouth died when his vauxhall astra hit a Nissan juke. the road, near the coventry arms pub, was closed for more than five hours. three men who were travelling in the Nissan sustained serious but not life
Shell stopped Arctic exploration more than two years ago after problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures. the region is estimated to have about 20% of the world's undiscovered oil and gas. environmental campaigners oppose the move.
Katie locke, 23, was found dead at theobolds park hotel in hertfordshire. she had been strangled. a psychiatric report is to be prepared on langdell.
the 26-year-old is due to appear in court on friday over the death of model reeva Steenkamp. outpouring of grief for the model, along with many messages of support for the athlete. he was born without a fibula in both legs and had
many people are changing the way they connect to Tor to avoid the block. Turkey Blocks monitors internet censorship in the nation. it said its regular monitoring of Tor showed it was being widely blocked.
the 25-year-old made just six league appearances for the merseyside club. he ended last season on loan at second-tier side real oviedo.
rugby union is looking for a breakthrough into the national consciousness in Japan. the 2019 rugby world cup will be hosted by the nation in 2019. general manager of the Japan 2019 Rugby World Cup Organising Committee says he wants to raise interest and passion in the sport.
IS seizes buildings on eastern edge of adjacent city of Tadmur. syrian antiquities chief warns it will destroy everything there. Palmyra contains the monumental ruins of a great city that was one of the most important cultural centres of the ancient world.
the spelling error was spotted close to the high street in Warsop, Nottinghamshire. the sign, which should have read "right", was quickly painted over the error.
this weekend's match is the centenary of the first meeting between the two sides. the match is big in a lot of different ways for different generations of families and supporters. this particular fixture is given an extra edge because of the anniversary.
many employers have decided to pass on some or all of the charge to their staff. the levy will raise £2m less than the council predicted because employers have registered fewer spaces than expected. motoring organisations the AA and the RAC both predicted that the scheme will damage the economy.
McClaren says he conceded too much in his time as manager of the magpies. the 54-year-old was sacked by new manager rafael benitez in march. he is confident the club have learnt from his experience and will allow him
Celtic can seal the treble if they defeat Aberdeen in the final on saturday. Roberts will return to parent club manchester city in the summer. the 20-year-old has scored six goals in his last 10 games for the club.
a feasibility study will examine how to alter Aberystwyth university's Old College and the costs. the building opened in 1865 as a hotel, but was later bought by a group of philanthropists who founded the university. plans include creating a
councils in England, including Bradford and Birmingham, will trial the pilot scheme at local elections in 2018. the government said it would "ensure the integrity" of the electoral system. campaigners said levels of fraud did not justify the move.
notts reach 300 for three with Chris read scoring unbeaten 63. west indies paceman Ravi rampaul takes five wickets. sri lanka's tom curran takes three wickets for Surrey.
businessman Jeffrey Spector, 54, of St Annes, died on friday following a six-year illness. he was surrounded by friends and family at a meal shortly before his death. his wife and three daughters said they respected his decision.
the campaign wants an annual road safety awareness campaign. it has collected 1,300 signatures on the assembly's e-petition website. since 2010 there have been 2,000 road accidents in the uk.
dead men risen, written by toby harnden, took the prize at a ceremony in london. the book focuses on the death of lt colonel Rupert Thorneloe in 2009. other awards presented included a posthumous
universities will have "primary responsibility" for meeting disabled students' needs. the national deaf children's society said it was "bitterly disappointed" by the announcement. in 2012-13, they provided £146m to 64,500 higher education students.
author was selling merchandise for his book 'lesser spotted Britain' when asked to hide offending items. asked to put greetings cards in brown paper bags and cover place names with 'censored' stickers. guests of the event took to twitter to share their confusion.
stander believes an effective Irish display will negate the issue. the scrum-half accused Glasgow of targeting him in their recent european game. stander: "we know what we have to do. make the ball available for him"
researchers believe achieving a healthier weight could cut the risk by a fifth in breast cancer. around 3,200 women will take part, with half of them shifting a tenth of their body weight. experts said trials were vital as it was still unclear if weight made a difference.
germany beat mexico 4-0 in their confederations cup semi-final. Marco Fabian scored a brilliant 35-yard strike for the hosts. amin younes added a fourth for the visitors, who had twice as many shots.
the 54-year-old comedian attempted a similar feat in south africa in 2012. it has been confirmed the comedian's endurance feat had raised more than £1.35m. the 27 marathons were intended to reflect the 27 years Mr Mandela had spent in prison.
the canaries are second in the championship with two wins from three. they won thanks to a goal from jonny howson. Norwich were relegated from the premier league last season with 67 goals conceded.
Crotone were eight points adrift of safety at the start of the season. but a run of six wins and two draws in their final nine games kept them up. Andrea Nalini and Diego Falcinelli gave them a 2-0 lead before Ciro Immobile pulled one back from
love actually star will have a supporting role in the spy film. Alicia vikander and Henry Cavill will also feature in the adaptation. production is due to begin in september.
oil industry has been hit by weaker global prices, says the Nigerian bureau of statistics. but the government says there has been strong growth in other sectors. the fall in the naira has also hurt the economy.
the Dow Jones rose 0.6% to 19,912.7, and the S&P 500 rose 0.7% to 2,280.07. small-company stocks outpaced the rest of the market. energy companies climbed as crude oil prices closed higher. healthcare, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks
Nicholas George Winton was born in north London on 19 May 1909. he was one of the first pupils at the newly opened Stowe school in Buckinghamshire. in 1938, he oversaw the Czech Kindertransport, which brought Jewish children from german-occupied Czechoslovakia to
26,643 assaults in the year to March 2017 - 20% more than the previous year. of these, a record 7,159 were attacks on staff - equivalent to 20 every day. there were 15 escapes from prisons in 2016-17 - up by two on the year before.
prince george is the first member of the UK Royal family to have his first birthday marked by a coin. the design of the sterling silver piece was approved by his parents; his great-grandmother the queen; and Chancellor George Osborne. coins will be a limited mintage of
in 1929, the prince of wales opened the north east coast exhibition in Newcastle. four million people passed through the turnstiles between may and October that year. the exhibition fell victim to the economic depression a few years later.
body of Omar Omran was found at an apartment in the Kimmage complex. his mother Maha al Adheem, a doctor who is originally from Iraq, appeared at Dublin district court on Thursday. the 42 year old was remanded in custody until next week.
Mario mandzukic scores first goal of the season for juve. Paulo Dybala and Alex sandro also on target for crotone. juventus could have won the title last week but lost to second-placed Roma.
ayoze perez, chancel mbemba and dwight gayle scored in comfortable win. but it was Jack Grealish's 89th-minute goal which sealed title for magpies. despite being down to 10 men after Nathan baker's red
Nicolas Salhan, 36, and Jonathan Davies, 42, have been charged. they are due to appear at Wolverhampton crown court on 30 November.
the debate over the past decade has been about whether Yorkshire would be better off if it could take more control from Westminster and whitehall. the government appears to be leaving the door ajar as far as giving limited devolved powers to at least some sort of "Northern" political body is
builder said it would construct 139 homes at duddingston park south and 165 at newcraighall village. Barratt homes will also build a total of 102 affordable homes between the two developments.
Rosannagh maclennan of canada wins second successive trampoline gold. page, 25, from huntingdon, is beaten to gold by 0.425 points by canada. world champion Lidan of china takes bronze, while another Briton, Katherine driscoll,
Leicester beat liverpool 2-0 at anfield to move one step closer to winning the premier league. striker Jamie Vardy scores first goal of the season from outside the box. he adds a second 11 minutes later when he turns home Shinji Okazaki's shot.
"witches' marks" were often carved near entrances to buildings, including the house where Shakespeare was born and the tower of london. the symbols were believed to offer protection when belief in witchcraft and the supernatural was widespread. heritage agency says too little is known about the marks, which
site owner reassured people the tower was still standing and had been shrouded in fog. search resumed for three men killed when boiler house partially came down. site owner said demolition of boiler house had "gone as planned"
cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and august. plan would be for the service to operate four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday.
between April and October 103 liner visits are scheduled to Guernsey, alderney, sark and herm. in 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits, with 29 being cancelled due to bad weather and itinerary changes. investigations into plans for a cruise liner ber
Tim Husbands has spoken to the BBC about growing northern ireland's tourism industry. he said it is also essential that proper transport links are put in place for visitors to reach the site. Titanic Belfast welcomed its one millionth visitor in July 2013.
Steven Dunne, 42, failed to return to southview low secure unit, hellingly, on Wednesday. after a police appeal on Saturday, he went into bootle street police station in Manchester. he will return to hospital under a higher level of security.
Sue Sim was the first woman to lead the force and led the hunt for murderer Raoul moat. she is retiring to spend more time with her family to "make up for the sacrifices" she has overseen savings of £117m since 2010.
barnet beat hartlepool united 2-0 in their premier league clash. the win sees the exiles leapfrog pools to second place in the table. it was only their second win in 13 games under caretaker boss Rossi eames.
the 26-year-old tore cartilage in his knee during the defeat by Chelsea. he was making only his eighth appearance of the season. sunderland are 18th in the premier league and one point from safety.
deni alar replaces hansen as sturm graz striker. alar is the team's most-capped player with 14 goals in 61 matches.
four-time cup winners forest have failed to progress past the third round for the past 11 seasons. they start their campaign at league two side doncaster on Tuesday. former rennes boss montanier says injury to goalkeeper de vries is not as bad as first feared.
the flybe plane was carrying 62 passengers from Exeter. Edinburgh airport said nobody was hurt during the incident. a spokesman said the pilot followed standard operating procedures.
100,000 people visited in September when the poppies were installed, compared with 37,000 last year. park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket only. the installation is part of a nationwide tour of poppies from the artwork Blood Swept Lands and Seas
Thomas hitzlsperger is the most prominent footballer to publicly reveal his homosexuality. former team-mates have praised the midfielder's "courageous and correct decision" the announcement is seen as a watershed moment in german football.
former members of the military reaction force said they shot people who may have been unarmed. the unit was disbanded in 1973, after 18 months. former members said they were tasked with "hunting down" IRA members in Belfast.
police and community support officers can force troublemakers to leave. order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday. follows complaints over gangs of young adults gathering in Llangefni.
boxer Jamie cox jailed for 26 weeks at croydon magistrates' court. cox attacked viktoria gribovskaja at her home in south London last year. the 29-year-old was overheard threatening to "knock out
the 45-year-old was arrested in 2012 and sentenced to 15 years' hard labour. he was taken to hospital last year after suffering dramatic weight loss. his family say he has several health complaints including diabetes and liver problems.
Blackpool's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier are on the market for offers of around £12.6m. Blackpool North Pier was bought by a local businessman in 2011. blackpool central pier is home to a 33m high (
Domingo has been in the role since may 2013 and his contract ends in august. the 42-year-old's side are currently ranked third in tests, second in odis and fourth in t20 cricket. south africa won the first of five one-day internationals against
security consultant finds bugs that could be exploited by hackers. audit of talktalk, sky, BT, plusnet, EE and virgin media launched in wake of hack. problems include passwords stored in plain text, exposed code.
online gambling companies should "play fair", said the competition and markets authority. the CMA launched its investigation into the gambling sector in October 2016. it has since heard from about 800 "unhappy" customers.
Lil' Chris, whose real name was Chris hardman, rose to fame in channel 4's rock school. the 24-year-old struggled with mental health issues and depression. a private funeral was held earlier this month.
Poland dominated the game but we should have kept possession far better in open play. as a defensive unit, we were excellent, but the 10-15 minutes after the interval were vital. it was a disappointing defeat for england and it was disappointing for ireland.
researchers found targeting a part of the brain called the parietal lobe improved the ability of volunteers to solve numerical problems. they hope the discovery could help people with dyscalculia, who may struggle with numbers.
Andrew Platten, 55, from Bingley, died at the scene in cottingley Cliffe road. west Yorkshire police said officers had tried to stop the car after seeing the driver "acting suspiciously" a 22-year-old Bradford man was arrested at scene on suspicion of causing
NSA has access to chat logs, stored data, voice traffic, file transfers and social networking data. NSA director: "if we tell the terrorists every way that we're going to track them, they will get through and Americans will die" experts question its true powers, with digital forensic
world number three tees off with americans dustin Johnson and Rickie fowler. the 26-year-old currently leads the race to dubai rankings with just three tournaments remaining. four-time major winner McIlroy is the only two-time winner of the
warwickshire are bottom of the division one championship after losing five of nine matches. former england batsman bell is to be replaced as captain by former England player Jonathan Trott. the 35-year-old has not made a championship century since April 2016.
more than 80 people died when a lorry struck crowds celebrating bastille day. so-called Islamic state (IS) said it was behind the attack. policewoman, Sandra Bertin, said she had been told to report the presence of national police units.
Valtteri bottas wins his first race for team-mate nico rosberg. the win means championship leader sebastian vettel is 13 points clear. mercedes' fernando alonso finishes second with ferrari's kimi
Mr Besigye is running in the presidential elections for the fourth time. he has lost his previous three attempts to run. his campaign rallies have been characterised by supporters handing over donations, including bunches of bananas and live goats.
tube spiders are one of the UK's largest, with bodies up 2.2cm (0.9in), with green iridescence on their jaws. Haydn Harwood first spotted the colony at his end-terrace home a year ago. experts say the spiders
first performance figures the bank has published since a corporate reorganisation in 2015. results also showed a 6% decline in operating costs from £154m to £145m. in march, the bank said it would close nine of its 64 branches from October.
the victim's body was found at hedderley walk, near st an's well road. several roads in the area were sealed off and officers carried out extra patrols. police have appealed for any witnesses to come forward.
Sir Tim said women in labs "cry" when you criticise them and "fall in love" with men. biochemist, 72, told BBC he "did mean" the remarks but was "really sorry" the society said comments did not reflect its own views.
nearly 1.85 million requests for support were made last year, but just over 650,000 people received help. only 144,000 of the requests resulted in long-term care, which includes places in care homes. unlike the NHS, social care is not free and most people will pay something towards the cost of
Bolivia's public works minister, Milton Claros, dismisses Celia castedo's claims. she accuses unnamed superiors of a cover-up after the crash. the head of the flight's operator, Gustavo Vargas, has been arrested over the crash
the Church of the Almighty God cult is banned in china but claims to have millions of members. the group had entered a small McDonalds branch in Zhaoyuan in Shandong province last may soliciting phone numbers. after the murder, authorities detained hundreds of members of the
Katy and taylor have been arguing since falling out over backing singers three years ago. this week, katy said: "there are bigger fish to fry, and there are real problems in the world." here are just a few other high-profile musical battles.
about 1,000 people gather to observe a minute of silence and light candles in front of the Senedd. there are over 2,000 french people living in south Wales registered with the French consulate in London. in a show of unity, London landmarks have been lit in the colours of the french national
the 58-year-old moved from his position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year. the role was now "redundant"
a further £475,540 was spent in the first three months of 2015/16. a review was conducted in April 2014, but Welsh ministers said they do not publish the results of internal audits.
the £40m pentland studios project would offer studio space and production facilities in the Straiton area of the city. creative Scotland has ringfenced £1m towards the cost of a studio, while the Scottish government has pledged a further £2m loan.
Leith to be replaced by andi oliver on next year's Saturday kitchen. writer and cookery expert said it was "time for a change" regular judges Matthew fort and Oliver peyton will return for 12th series.
Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 in their group d clash at the africa cup of nations. substitute Mohamed Salah scores the only goal of the game in the 89th minute. joseph ochaya had an earlier goal correctly disallowed for offside.
the city council is asking the public to take part in a consultation. dogs could be banned from play areas in parks and owners set limits on the number of dogs they take for walks in public. if approved, the new dog control orders would come into effect on 1 April.
president mugabe's ruling party is riven with fresh divisions over who will succeed him. hyperinflation and Zimbabwe's famous billion and trillion dollar notes are a thing of the past. the liberalised dollar economy of 2009 is on the brink of collapse.
officials from the council and the university said the historic building would become an information centre for prospective students. the courtroom and an art gallery housed in the Grade II-listed building will remain open to the public. campaigners drew up a petition after the council announced it was considering closing the
rare magnitude-four earthquake hits greenland's west coast on sunday. surge of water swept away homes and led to reports of a number of people missing. rescuers used liferafts to sweep the area after four people were reported missing - 39 people were evacuated from the
the crash happened at about 12:30 BST. the road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours.
Mrs may will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president after his inauguration. a post-Brexit free trade deal is thought to be high on her agenda. hundreds of thousands joined women's marches to protest Mr Trump's presidency.
under secretary of state asked the bureau to unclassify the message. the request was in relation to an email about the 2012 attacks on the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. but the FBI said it did not change the classification level.
monthly travelcard costs £135 ($174) - £33 ($43) more than dublin. new york city, at £95 ($123), came third, and Tokyo fifth at £86 ($111) cost of travel in the capital dropped since 2014, when commuters paid £165 ($213)
Gillingham have signed eight players so far this summer. the london club finished 20th in league one last season. Gillingham started the season with a 0-0 draw to doncaster.
more than 100 titles will be added to steam's online store and streaming service. the full range is available to us users initially, with european customers having access to a small selection. on launch, the worldwide selection is limited to 11 older titles, priced between £3.49 -
a member of Guzman's legal team, described as the mastermind, is also arrested. attorney general: suspected mastermind repeatedly entered prison to visit him. she also said his brother-in-law supervised the construction of the mile-long escape tunnel.
Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick high school and Pulteneytown and south primaries. it will also have community facilities which will be available to the public.
the VAT Flat Rate Scheme simplifies businesses' record keeping. it makes it easy to work out the VAT they have to pay. the proposed changes are the most important element of the autumn statement for this type of business.
ministers want all pupils in england to study maths, english, science, one of history or geography and a modern language at GCSE. but some young people "will find it a problem" says Sir Michael Wilshaw. he said vocational subjects would suit some pupils better
HMS queen elizabeth measures 280m (300 yards) long and can travel up to 500 miles (800km) a day. the ship's systems are being tested and it will conduct sea trials next year before being handed over to the royal navy. HMS prince of
Stuart Hamilton, 37, was last seen by his friends and family two weeks ago. he was seen on CCTV at Haymarket station on Sunday at 10:16. police Scotland has been working with the metropolitan police.
angel sharks once widespread across Europe are now listed as critically endangered. there have been increasing sightings off the Welsh coast. fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of the shark.
video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs. officials say that the lava isn't putting any towns in danger but have warned tourists to keep their distance.
a judge granted permission for the media to report details about Mr O'Brien's finances. RTÉ lawyers said as a result there was no need for the injunction to remain. the media mogul's fortune is estimated to be around £5bn.
henao contacted by cycling's governing body and an anti-doping agency. the 28-year-old said he was "beyond disappointed" having missed three months in 2014. voluntarily withdrawn by team sky in 2014 while they carried out research
Kevin Patrick dawes, 33, was abducted in 2012 as he entered Syria. the state department said he was turned over to Russian authorities.
pat finucane was shot dead by loyalists in front of his wife and children in 1989. review found agents of the state were involved in the killing and that it should have been prevented. his widow, Geraldine, has dismissed the report as a "sham" and a
Scottish FA regulations prohibit players from betting on any football. chairman of Annan athletic and inverness player Lewis Horner charged with gambling offences. wishart says he is uncertain whether the existing regulations are adequate.
heckled as he arrived at court where he denied six counts of first-degree murder. video released earlier this year showing the shooting of laquan McDonald sparked an outcry. federal investigation into the city's police is under way amid national debate.
ESI has confirmed it will sell its sister title, i newspaper, to Johnston press. the last print edition of the independent will be published on 26 march. at its peak sales hit around 428,000 copies a day.
Edinburgh manager ends pursuit of byrne out of respect for old club. Newport confirm release of defender Matt Taylor. the 34-year-old joined from cheltenham in the summer.
plastic fivers are nothing new in northern ireland. the old Northern bank introduced the clean fiver to local pockets in 2000. in 2005, the northern bank reprinted all of its bank notes after £26.5m was stolen by IRA.
"i wouldn't say I'm tough...just lucky," says reg foggerdy who disappeared last month. police trackers found him sitting under a tree around 15km (9 miles) from where he went missing. a diabetic who recently had a heart attack, he
mane scores twice in 138 seconds as second-placed spurs lose at anfield. chelsea can extend lead at top if they beat burnley at Turf Moor on sunday. mane nets twice in first 45 minutes as manchester city draw 0-0 at
army officer: "today, we can report having complete control of the area of Khalidiya" activists report clashes in the area, but say most of it is under army control. announcement comes a month after troops launched offensive to oust rebels from city. fall of
a man in his 20s is alleged to have been racially abused at heathrow airport. he is believed to have arrived late for his flight back to germany and was not allowed to board. the incident occurred just over 24 hours after xhaka was sent off
many people unhappy with the ailing economy and lack of reforms in abkhazia. opposition says liberal policy towards ethnic Georgians in the region is a political ploy. region relies militarily and financially on Russia.
anagha Nikam was travelling by rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her baby daughter. she tweeted to the ministry and asked for help, and milk was provided at the next station. the ministry is known for being proactive on twitter.
mental health campaigners said the video played into a "sad and tired" stereotype. time to change, a movement trying to change public attitude towards people with mental health problems, said the use of the word psycho was "unhelpful" you're in love with a psycho is the
the Sunday times claims that private doctor mark bonar prescribed banned performance-enhancing drugs to over 150 athletes including footballers. the newspaper says it has secretly filmed bonar claiming he prescribed drugs such as EPO, steroids and human growth hormone. bonar himself broke his silence on the matter on
nearly 25,000 signatures - 10% of Cardiff's voters - are needed to force a vote on the issue. the mayor for Cardiff campaign was launched earlier this year. there are currently 17 directly-elected mayors in England with more on the way.
defence secretary sir michael fallon announced the closures on Monday. gosport's borough council said the loss of more than 1,000 sailors from the area would affect the economy. unions have described the plans as "brutal" and have promised to fight them.
the military says all but eight of the 129 girls have escaped their captors. parents of the girls say many are still missing. gunmen reportedly arrived at the school in a remote area of Borno state.
four lorry loads of tobacco, cigarettes and packing materials have been seized. ten men, aged between 26 and 40 from Brazil and paraguay, were detained. customs officials said the building was kitted out with machinery.
report said the force was inadequate at protecting vulnerable victims. Surrey police boss Nick Ephgrave said force was good at preventing crime. but inspector Zoe billingham said the way the force investigated more complex crime was not good enough.
the global iPlayer app was first made available as an iOS app in July 2011. users were charged a €5.99 (£4.30) monthly fee, while Canadians and australians were offered a slightly cheaper rate. reports suggest american pay-TV operators threatened to drop the BBC
the building in Hammersmith's margravine cemetery, has been given Grade II listing. families unable to immediately pay for a burial previously used to keep dead relatives in their homes. receiving the listing could help secure funding for any conservation work on the building.
winning image shows the us president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning yellow hair. organisers of the exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests on themes including the Islamic state group and the Holocaust. "the 'ism' in Trumpism is a reference to racism and naz
sen. Bernie Sanders is a surprise hit on the dating app Tinder. supporters are using the app to spread his message to younger voters. the hashtag #demdebate has been used more than 600,000 times over the past 24 hours.
James Chester scored the decisive penalty with the only man to miss from the spot. over 120 minutes, Vale matched albion, who again left wantaway striker Saido Berahino out of their side.
the 29-year-old joined the u's on a free in may 2015 but has made just six appearances. spent part of last season on loan at Stevenage and has also spent time with Luton and Preston.
two men broke into a farm house near to corsock, castle Douglas. they stole items including a number of war medals, gold watches and antiques. police say the robbers may have been "casing" the property before the raid.
"terrible news from Glasgow - my thoughts are with all those affected by this horrific accident," says prime minister david cameron. "on the eve of the festive period, these are unimaginable scenes in one of our busiest parts of our largest city," says secretary of
Ben Earl, Alex Mitchell and Josh Bayliss scored tries for england. asafo aumua got three of new zealand's 10 tries. Scotland took fifth place with a 24-17 victory over australia.
the carriageway was closed between junction 15 near northampton and junction 15a for towcester. police were called to the incident at about 18:45 BST on Thursday.
the performance artist is spending 512 hours interacting with the public at the show. entry to the exhibition, which lasts for 10 weeks, is free but only 160 people can be admitted at a time. it is her first performance work since the artist is present, at the museum of modern art in
talks are being held to restore the power-sharing executive, but parties have just three weeks to reach a deal. Sinn Féin says the Irish government has a central role in the talks as a co-guarantor of the good Friday agreement. the party's northern leader,
the firm in Muir of ord has already created 100 new jobs to meet the needs of the utility company. the investment has also provided additional job security to the existing 273 staff members. first minister Nicola Sturgeon visited the company's premises near inverness on Monday.
Marie Logie's body was found in her first-floor flat in green gates, leven. she had sustained head injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene. her family paid tribute to the "beloved mother, grandmother and friend"
Russia sends super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water. series of fast-spreading fires mostly in Chile's central region. one town, Santa Olga, has been destroyed by the blaze.
white house and state department criticise plans for 300 new homes and an industrial zone. about 570,000 Israelis live in more than 100 settlements built since 1967. the settlements are considered illegal under international law, though Israel disputes this.
the judge said he was suspicious the parents were going to areas controlled by so-called Islamic state. he said evidence showed that being in the family home will be in their best interests. details of the case have emerged in rulings published by the judge in Leeds.
artist Luke Perry, from a family of chainmakers, has created the statue. he said: "it's something which is a wonderful piece of our history" the statue stands at 10 ft (3 metres) and weighs nearly three-and-a-half tonnes.
report warns failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation. al-Shabab militants believed to be recruiting heavily in neighbouring north-eastern Kenya. researchers found most adults joined the group voluntarily. nearly a third of children interviewed said they
a car collided with a lorry on the legacorry road at about 15:35 GMT. the woman driving the vehicle is in a critical condition in hospital.
midwives in northern ireland have received the same 1% pay rise as their english colleagues. the department of health said officials worked to ensure a safe service was provided. talks resumed on Tuesday between the department and some of the health unions.
pair arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images. investigations ongoing to "ensure safeguarding of those involved" both boys have been bailed pending further inquiries.
police found 24-year-old Kevin malthouse in the early hours of Saturday morning. he had been stabbed in the chest and died at the scene. Jack Taylor, 18, from Grays, has been charged with his murder.
a 23-year-old conscript killed and injured his comrades by detonating a grenade. he was captured two days later after he shot himself during a stand-off with troops. the incident reignited debate on military culture in south Korea
Toyota's investment in the burnaston plant near Derby will allow production of vehicles using its new global manufacturing system. the factory employs about 2,500 people, while another 590 work at Toyota engine plant at deeside, north Wales. most of which are exported to Europe and other markets.
football association of Wales trust chief executive Neil Ward said diminishing sports budget was leading to "unrealistic" expectations. comments came a year after Wales' historic quarter-final win over Belgium at Euro 2016. the number of registered young players in Wales has increased over the past year.
Helen Zille will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019. she is a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner. in the past, she has openly criticised president Jacob Zuma.
blackwell suffered a bleed on the brain in a loss to eubank in march. the 25-year-old was put in an induced coma but woke up a week later without surgery. blackwell's trainer was critical of the Eubanks' decision
a police officer told Karen and Jay Priest their son had been killed. they drove to his girlfriend's home to inform her, when he greeted them at the door. the Juneau police have apologised for the anguish, however momentary.
the 23-year-old joined league one side QPR from swindon in may. he has only made three appearances for the championship club this season.
Lord Keen said triggering Article 50 would not alter the "essential structure" of devolution. he said powers over foreign affairs were "fatally undermined" by Westminster powers. the Scottish government is due to put the case for Holyrood having a say in the triggering
the man, who was in his 60s, died at Silverthorn avenue in the town. officers investigating the circumstances of his death arrested a 25-year-old man.
the allegations were made in a BBC Spotlight programme on Tuesday. Mr Adams has denied any involvement in the murder of Mr Donaldson in 2006. a lawyer for the family spoke to the BBC on Friday after meeting senior police officers.
the plaque was unveiled in northiam, east Sussex, where Gen Johnston lived. he was commanding a mobile medical unit close to the german-dutch border in 1945. about 60 people, including members of his family, gathered for the unveiling.
the device was discovered on foreglen road on Wednesday morning. the road has reopened after a security alert in the area.
Rosberg was 0.275 seconds quicker than Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen in qualifying. mercedes' nico rosberg finished second, with red bull's max verstappen and daniel ricciardo third. world champion nic
parents and carers at camau Bach in Aberystwyth were told someone trespassed into its green room from the outside play area. nursery manager said the individual did not come into contact with any children and ran away when confronted by a staff member. cam
kingfisher is selling a 70% stake in the business - which has 39 stores and 3,000 staff. the company had already announced that it was looking for a strategic partner. transaction is subject to approval by the Chinese ministry of commerce.
Wallonia, the only country blocking accord, needed consent from the regional parliament of Wallonia. canada has been scrambling to keep Ceta together after the walloon regional assembly in Belgium voted last week to reject it. the wide-ranging deal, seven years in the making, was to be
remembering, forgetting and moving on was organised by Cardiff university's school of journalism. it was held as the community prepares to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster. a coal waste tip sliding on to the village school and 18 homes on 21 October 1966 killed 116 children and 28
a sell-out crowd of 70,000 is expected at aintree racecourse on saturday. vieux Lion rouge and definitly red are among the favourites with bookmakers expecting up to £300m to be wagered on the race. travel for racegoers
McKenzie, 38, will take on jahmaine Smyle at york hall on 12 November. the ex-norwich and peterborough man became a professional boxer in 2013. he has a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights
the red-throated diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in north uist. the birds are on the RSPB's amber list after a recent decline in numbers. plastic bags can kill birds if they eat, or become entangled, in
passer-by found the man in his 30s off promenade street in Heywood. he was pronounced dead at the scene and police are treating the death as suspicious.
mansfield voted most strongly to leave, with 70.9% backing Brexit. turnout was 81.5% in rushcliffe - the highest in the east Midlands. leave won by a tiny margin of just over 2,000 votes in the city of Nottingham.
Roma are back within six points of leaders Juventus. AC Milan overtook rivals inter into sixth place with a 4-0 win over struggling Palermo. Torino striker Andrea Belotti scored his 24th Serie A goal of the season.
audit Scotland concludes there was a "clear rationale for the grant" it said clear conditions had been attached to the money. the grant was made to help DF Concerts with operational costs.
british super-heavyweight champion backs fellow-briton to be too strong for american Charles Martin. "all the cards are in Joshua's favour", says 44-year-old former world champion. he likens the 26 year-old to the ex-he
the death of Jayalalitha, one of india's most flamboyant and controversial leaders, has triggered an air of uncertainty among the 75 million Tamils. the party, founded in 1972 by the charismatic MG Ramachandran, has been playing a crucial role in providing
remains of a man aged between 30 and 49, were found close to the M54 motorway. two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a kar, a Sikh symbol - were found inside a jacket that was also uncovered. west mercia police said it
fighting lasted for several hours near the city of Mazar-e Sharif in northern balkh province. insurgents targeted those leaving Friday prayers at the base's mosque and others in a canteen. at least 10 Taliban militants were also killed in the fighting and one attacker was
the rise of the british team has been the quickest by any team, says roger federer. "you can't win this event as a one-man team," says the swiss star. i was worried when I was a set and
more than 400-500 people a day arrive in Belgrade from the middle east. they came over the country's eastern border with Bulgaria. "there are always people in belgrade," says the centre's manager.
Falkirk hope to get in the play-offs next season under new manager steve Houston. the 55-year-old had been working as a scout with Celtic after leaving Dundee united. he is relishing the chance to take on Rangers, hearts
the man was pulled from the water by the RNLI's penlee inshore lifeboat. he was found near the bow of an angling boat moored alongside Albert Pier. the man, said to be local, was airlifted to the royal Cornwall hospital in
Kilcoo beat Scotstown 1-6 to 0-6 in a low-scoring encounter. Aaron Branigan opened the scoring for the down champions in the ninth minute. conor laverty hit back with five unanswered points for the hosts.
british triathlon team to be announced before world triathlon in Leeds in June. whoever finishes first in gold coast race likely to be picked for team in 2015. two-time world champion Jenkins finished third in opening round in Abu Dhabi.
leo varadkar and simon coveney are the early favourites for the post of taoiseach. the new leader will be announced on 2 June after an electoral college of party members. a new government will be set up in ireland's
poppi worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow in 2012. a second inquest was ordered after a seven-minute hearing in 2014 determined her death was "unascertained" a family judge previously ruled the toddler had been sexually assaulted by
the concept rocket will be known as Vulcan, and it is expected to start operations in 2019. the first-stage booster will feature an all-new, all-american liquid-fuelled engine. this will enable ULA to end its use of Russian-made RD-180 rocket motor
Steven Rodriguez, better known as a$AP yams, died aged 26 on 18 January. his death was caused by acute mixed drug intoxication. after his death artists paid tribute to him on social media.
photos on the internet appear to show diouf in a nightclub, just hours before the match at Southampton on 24 march. "i've made some inquiries and I've asked him about it and he denies he was there," Saunders told radio Sheffield.
scottish manager tells fans to expect assertive first-leg display at Pittodrie. McInnes insists his players are not daunted by the quality of the opposition. second leg of third qualifying round tie takes place in Slovenia on thursday.
Stenson and rose play brandt snedeker and brooks koepka in fourballs. rory mcilroy and thomas pieters take on phil Mickelson and rickie fowler.
rents for grade a offices have risen to £15.50-per-sq ft over the past year. but they are still well below the UK average of £24, according to commercial agents. Invest NI report said there is a shortage of grade A space office in Belfast
radioactive debris sent 30,000 feet into the air, in concentrations strong enough to prohibit the eating of meat and the drinking of milk produced locally. a spokesman for Tokyo electric power company (tepco) suggested it could even end up being worse than Chernobyl. but
the helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person in the daventry area. it carried on with its mission while a police car was dispatched to investigate. pilot Paul atherton said it was "very distracting"
artificial intelligence system watches video of a person speaking and matches the text to the movement of their mouths with 93% accuracy, researchers say. experts said the system needed to be tested in real-life situations. lip-reading is notoriously tricky with professionals only able to decipher what someone is
downing street says she hasn't been surprised by the warnings about the future. the biggest demands on her abroad are the same as those at home. with no consensus, or anything like the details of post-Brexit Britain from government, there's not that much that she can
cane toads were introduced to australia in the 1930s to control sugar cane pests. the subsequent spread has been unstoppable, devastating the continent's wildlife. researchers say that extending the trial could help the continent’s wildlife.
"there was nothing wrong with that game," says former bowler waqar. the ICC declined to confirm or deny that it was investigating the game. Pakistan collapsed from 132-2 to 208 all out before England triumphed with nine overs spare.
long unskippable adverts are seen as a nuisance by many viewers. Google wants to focus on "formats that work well for both users and advertisers" one media agency said the move reflected the difference between online video and linear television services.
gareth bale is set to win his 50th cap at Cardiff City Stadium on monday. defenders james mccarthy and adam henley are also in the 23-man squad. the squad will meet up for a training camp in Cardiff
barrister for Christian-run County Antrim firm Ashers said if they lost the discrimination case there would be wide-reaching consequences for shop owners. case in Belfast was taken by gay rights activist, gareth lee. commission has set aside a fund of up to
european athletics set up taskforce to look into credibility of world records. proposals ratified by ruling council and IAAF to adopt changes. world records would only be recognised if they meet three criteria. records that do not meet the criteria would remain on an "all-time list"
four men deny forcing michael Hughes and another man to work for tiny sums. court heard he was paid £20 a day, which went up to £50 as a skilled labourer. Connors senior described how Mr Hughes used to buy sweets for the youngest of
Kinga Pelc from the east Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday. a man in his 20s remains in a critical condition in hospital following the incident. two other people were taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries.
the world rugby hall of fame was launched by ex-england captain bill beaumont. he launched the attraction at the rugby art gallery and museum in warwickshire. the hall honours players and administrators who have enhanced the game.
Lt col Lucy Giles, 46, will be at the helm at new college. academy was founded in 1947 after two older military institutions merged. mother-of-two said she would "lead by example" and encourage staff to make time for families.
no-one was injured, and police have not released any details of what was taken. in November, watches, and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen. a 24-year-old man from Manchester was arrested on 8 January in connection with that robbery.
Paul stirling scores his first century in a championship match at middlesex. he makes 111 before falling lbw to Adil Rashid in the final over of play. Yorkshire go into the game second in the division one table, six points behind leaders Essex.
incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge on dumbarton road. both boys were described as being white, aged about 14 or 15 and wearing dark-coloured sportswear. the woman was taken to the queen elizabeth university hospital for treatment.
Stewart greene, 65, said he drowned Alex Robinson in a bath but denies murder. Alex was in his care at his home while his mother - defendant's daughter - was out. the trial continues at Lincoln crown court.
the unemployment rate fell a 10th of a percentage point to its lowest level since 2001. but payrolls increased by just 138,000, while economists had expected more than 181,000. the jobs report is a closely watched barometer of the US economy.
McAnuff joined the royals from watford in 2009. the 31-year-old has made 172 appearances for the club since his arrival. he captained the club in the premier league last season.
the average number of daily steps in a country was 4,961 a day. the key ingredient was "activity inequality" - the difference between the fittest and laziest. activity inequality was largely driven by differences between men and women.
NHS Direct initially won 11 of the 46 regional contracts for the service. it has already pulled out of two areas - Cornwall and north Essex. the whole 111 service has been plagued with problems.
the new centre would allow the courts service to move out of historic inverness castle. the centre would also have facilities available for supporting and advising victims and witnesses of domestic abuse, sexual violence.
Cardiff are seven points adrift of the championship play-off places. the bluebirds have been placed under a transfer embargo by the football league. manager russell slade insists he is still the man to lead the club.
next was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-booster. companies diverted profits made in the uk to foreign subsidiaries. foreign subsidiary paid tax on those profits, before profits were paid back.
"bemusement park" at derelict seaside lido in weston-super-mare nominated. years and years, and sleaford mods, also in the running for the awards. the awards honour "the very best of British culture and achievement"
Bernard Kenny, 78, was stabbed as he intervened when Thomas mair attacked Mrs cox. mair left the scene in Birstall, west yorkshire, armed with a knife and a gun. PCs Craig Nicholls and Jonathan Wright
David Smith, 37, of Aviemore, had surgery to remove the tumour close to his spine. he said the MRI scan he was shown earlier this week was the first scan since 2013 not to show a tumour. the athlete said he went through a "rollercoaster
at any one time, MI5 is handling in the region of 500 active investigations involving 3,000 "SOIs" there are around 4,000 people at MI5 - they are not all trained in hiding in the bushes. since 2013, 18 plots have been thwarted - that'
Honda Racing team bosses confirm that british driver will not be returning to dundrod. the 29-year-old crashed at the Isle of man TT in June. his Honda machine has suffered mechanical problems this year.
these feel like bewildering times for Kenya. not so much in Garissa, says cnn's john robertson. local ethnic Somali population is used to navigating the complexities of religion and identity. elsewhere, Kenya seems preoccupied by its own hectic development,
carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. a sharp drop in demand for energy has led to a massive oversupply of permits. the price of carbon recovered slightly on monday after demand was stronger than expected.
transport minister Dzifa attivor resigns following public outcry over branding. government says proper procurement method was "not followed" anti-corruption campaigners have raised concerns over the amount spent.
a frenchman is being held by police investigating the murder of three people at the Brussels Jewish Museum. mehdi nemmouche, 29, was arrested at a station in Marseille on Friday. prosecutors say he has claimed responsibility for the attack and spent more than a year in
the 1989 semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham forest was sold out. more than 53,000 fans from the two sides would head to hillsborough for the 15.00 kick-off. despite being a far larger club, Liverpool supporters were allocated the smaller end of the stadium, leppings Lane.
John McIlwaine was in charge of the team that recovered the remains of two people. 17 people - 16 men and a woman - were abducted and murdered by republicans. the university of Bradford said staff and students had been left shocked by the tragedy.
IGas wants to carry out test drilling to check suitability of rock for shale gas extraction. campaign group says drilling operation would be "devastating" for wildlife. separate application has been submitted, which is yet to be considered.
ten-month-old laith atiga was crawling at his grandmother's home when he started coughing. his mother, Jude, took him to hospital, where he was diagnosed with tonsillitis. a few days later, after regurgitating more food, she
Grammy-award winner was due to perform on Wednesday in kuala lumpur. tattoos are forbidden in Islam and using the word "allah" in a way deemed disrespectful offends many Muslims. culture ministry says it is justified in banning the show because it breaches
turtle was one of two found on beaches near Formby, Merseyside, and Cumbria's Walney island on 22 December. the other was being looked after at the lake district coast aquarium in Maryport. turtle, possibly aged about 20, is now with a specialist vet who will
Heather knight is captain of the women's big bash league side, hobart hurricanes. knight took over as captain in June, and says it's been a 'crazy year' for her. she says she's learning and growing as a leader all of the time
Tomkins joins wigan for an undisclosed fee, signing a contract until the end of 2018. the 27-year-old made his wigan debut as an 18 year-old. he played three Tests for the english rugby union side in 2013.
academy product has made 18 appearances for the club in all competitions. the 21-year-old had a loan spell with then-League One side barnsley in 2015.
the 25-year-old scored 25 goals in the national league last season. returned to the bluebirds after a stint at Grimsby in 2014. "the lad wants to play league football," says cox.
Lancashire close on 465, a first-innings lead of 347, in their second innings. procter makes 137, his highest first-class score, and alviro Petersen 81. the hosts close on 22-1, 325 runs behind their first innings
england beat australia 44-40 in third test to complete series whitewash. fly-half Owen Farrell kicked 24 points for the hosts. coach Eddie Jones says his side still have a lot of work to do.
a 10-year-old giant panda has been born in hong kong. Ying ying mated naturally and was also artificially inseminated. repeated ultrasound scans in late September confirmed she was carrying a foetus.
thousands marched silently through the capital in memory of the victims. the fire broke out at the club, which was hosting a free rock concert. Survivors say the fireworks caused the ceiling and a pillar to catch fire.
pamela McLaggan, 51, denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter. she was remanded in custody at Lincoln crown court ahead of sentencing.
Ayla Ellison suffered severe brain damage following a "traumatic" birth in 2007. in 2012, morecambe bay NHS foundation trust admitted staff negligence. the trust will pay a tax-free sum every year for the rest of her life.
judge says council had not undertaken a "robust risk assessment" of great-great-uncle. he said the man had been released on licence after serving five years. the boy's mother had mental health problems and was in a lesbian relationship.
the IPCC ruled that Joanna michelle was failed by south wales and gwent police. she rang 999 twice before Cyron Williams stabbed her to death in 2009. the family won the right to bring a claim for damages against both police forces in 2011
internet users urged to install privacy software to stop facebook tracking them. the social network said it complied with data protection law. this is the second damning report this year from the Belgian Privacy Protection Commission.
the sixth series of downton abbey will go into production next year. the drama focuses on the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and their servants. creator Julian fellowes is set to return for the next series.
chancellor dismisses reports of angry rows between the two as "tittle tattle" but he jokingly acknowledged he occasionally swore. reports of a rift between their offices since the ni U-turn in march's budget. the
watchdogs want higher profiles as bodies which can raise concerns about the NHS when things go wrong. set against a background of controversy about hospital reorganisations, ambulance response times. director of the Wales board of community health councils says public awareness is "poor" and a "real weakness
"vinyl" was about a charismatic record executive trying to revive his struggling label. the series premiere in february was watched by 764,000 viewers. but the average audience subsequently dipped to 650,000.
the number of calls from suicidal children almost doubled from the total five years ago. girls were more likely to seek its help than boys, according to the charity. one child in northern ireland contacts childline each day who is feeling suici.
new boathouse will be home to a new £2m Shannon class lifeboat. building work will begin in autumn and take a year to finish. plans were approved by scarborough Borough council's planning and development committee.
the 30-year-old was excluded from the world championships by the usa after a drink-drive conviction. he won the 100m and 200m butterfly in one minute 54.75 seconds in texas. the 18-time Olympic champion also recorded the year's fastest times in
a second firecracker exploded next to a player after a first device was thrown from the stands after Gauthier Hein had given Metz a 28th-minute lead. a 45-minute break in play was called and the game was abandoned with metz leading 1-0
the man, 23, is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. the two men who died, both aged 22, were from the north Staffordshire area. part of the southbound carriageway was closed for seven hours after the crash.
Ms macDonald's previous attempt to change the law was defeated in parliament. but she said the public now had better awareness of the issue. the government has said it does not support a change in the law. critics have said it could see Scotland becoming a "su
first time in the history of professional baseball that fans had been locked out of a game. game at camden yards started at 14:05 EDT due to the city's 22:00 curfew. Freddie gray, 25, died in police custody on 19 April.
brin bixby was brought up as a boy, and went on to get married and father children before coming out as bigender. scientists are finding more evidence to suggest that even biological sex is a spectrum. writer mark gevisser explores gender identities across different cultures.
proposal from right-wing Swiss people's party calls for strict quotas on immigration. in 2013, 80,000 immigrants joined Switzerland's population of eight million. but many employers claim their success is actually because of free movement.
Wales air ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash at Pandy on the main road between hereford and abergavenny. the road was shut in both directions but was expected to reopen on Thursday evening.
Ferguson Shipbuilders will be renamed Ferguson Marine Engineering. the company went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs. new owners hope to grow workforce from 77 to 120 people.
the steelworks in central scotland closed in 1992 after a bitter 12-year fight. workers were given generous compensation and retrained, but promised regeneration never came. today it is largely a wasteland, the biggest brownfield site in Europe.
Michael coe, 35, saw the two 16-year-olds hugging in the street in newham, east London. he then demanded to know if they were Muslims, before throwing the boy to the ground. coe also attacked a passing teacher who had tried to help the
those aged 60 and over are the fastest growing population in english and Welsh prisons. those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing group, according to the report. longer sentences mean more people are growing frail in prison, says the trust.
incident happened on the whiterock road at about 15:00 GMT on friday. man has been charged with two counts of criminal damage, disorderly behaviour and of assault on police.
rescue workers used diggers to remove rubble in their search efforts. others used their bare hands and shovels to find people. the pidie Jaya region, on the north Aceh coast, was the hardest hit.
Aidan forker and Anthony Williams sent-off as armagh beat louth 2-5 to 0-6. CJ McGourty scores three as Antrim edge clear of laois. naomh thrash sligo 2-1 to stay top of s
lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 french deaths per year. more cases would be brought in the coming weeks, in Lyon, Lille and elsewhere. a 3km stretch of the right bank of the river seine has become pedestrianised.
defending champions Germany knocked out of the european championships. theresa Nielsen scored a late header to complete the comeback. the match had to be rescheduled after torrential rain fell on Saturday night.
lib dem leader refuses to answer question on whether he believes homosexual sex is a sin. but he says defending equal marriage will be "at the top of my agenda" he also wants to extend the marital rights of transgender people.
the ECJ ruled the Safe harbour trade agreement invalid. the Irish data commissioner sought guidance from the high court about how it should proceed. facebook strongly denies providing "backdoor" access to the US intelligence agencies.
former watford and west bromwich albion defender joins as player-coach. the 36-year-old has not featured since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April. he has made 36 appearances this season, taking his total to 119
fire service attended nine properties in areas including poole. neighbours were not warned before the devices were set off. BPCA described them as "aggressive" products.
storms over the weekend killed six people, including two girl guides who were crushed by a falling tree. storms brought down over eight million cubic metres of lumber across 45,000 hectares of forest. disaster comes as the Polish government faces criticism for logging in Europe's oldest forest, situated in
the department is funding redundancies for 212 staff who have already applied to leave. it has told a further 285 staff they can leave during the academic year. if all the staff go that will reduce the further education workforce by just over 12%.
arbroath move into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over clyde. Cowdenbeath overcame montrose 2-0, while Stirling moved up to seventh. Edinburgh city snatch all three points in their game against Annan.
the so-called derry four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998. they are now involved in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest. on friday, lawyers for the PSNI chief constable submitted documents indicating that all original interview notes from 1979 were missing
only schools with academy status are allowed to form trusts to sponsor weaker schools. ministers said there was no legal frame for council schools to be sponsors. local government association says 91% of council maintained schools are rated good or outstanding by education watchdog ofsted.
review published in the Lancet says statins lower heart attack and stroke risk. but critics say healthy people are unnecessarily taking medication. study found cholesterol levels would be lowered enough to prevent 1,000 "major cardiovascular events"
the three spacemen made their parachute landing in central Kazakhstan after leaving the international space station on friday. Andreas mogensen of the european space agency and aidyn aimbetov both spent less than 10 days in orbit.
the number two seeds completed a 44-38 victory over china, who were champions in London four years ago. the Russian team secured their sixth bronze of these games with a narrow 37-31 victory over Estonia.
ultra low emission zone in the capital will come into force in April 2019. theresa may has said she will "take into account" drivers encouraged to buy diesel cars. former Chancellor Gordon brown introduced a lower vehicle tax in 2001.
Dundee have signed seven new players in recent weeks. midfielder Scott allan joins on season-long loan from celtic. manager sofien moussa set to complete move to dens park.
the 62-year-old insists the Rio games have been a "great success" despite a troubled build-up and concerns over the cost of staging the event. the german pledges to increase funding in the fight for clean sport if the world anti-doping agency is
Faull was part of the famous British and Irish Lions side who beat new zealand in Auckland in 1959. he made 12 appearances for Wales and played in four of the six tests.
schedule castes and tribes owned only 9.8% of all enterprises in india in 2005. despite a decade of sprightly economic growth, they owned very little businesses. but ownership of business among other backward groups has grown.
woods begins his 2017 season at the farmers insurance open in San Diego on Thursday. the 40-year-old will play four full-field tournaments over the next five weeks. he twice had back surgery during 15 months out before returning in december.
the shooting happened at Glenwood drive, poleglass. the victim, a 56-year-old man, is in a stable condition in hospital. a Sinn fin councillor said the man had been shot "five or six times in the leg"
Canadian Roger Thomas Clark is said to have been a key adviser for silk road creator Ross Ulbricht. the site was shut down in late 2013 following raids by the FBI and other law enforcement agencies. Mr Clark faces charges of narcotics conspiracy and money laundering.
Argyle keeper Luke McCormick was the busier man in goal. he stopped a tame early Matt green effort, tipped away a curling James Baxendale shot, made a fine block from Ashley Hemmings and watched a
south africa are 25 points clear at the top of the standings with two tournaments to play. this weekend the series welcomes newly qualified Spain, who won the qualification tournament in Hong Kong and will compete as a core side on the tour next season. the grand finale will again take place in London on
hibernian boss lennon confirms club will not be back in the second-tier for a while. former players michael Stewart and craig paterson assess the club's prospects. chief executive dempster says club have a great academy and great management team
man, 42, discovered in wetland at the Medmerry nature reserve, in earnley, on Tuesday by coastguards. the incident, which took place in the Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT, was being treated as a "tragic accident" the air accidents
only bottom-club Rotherham have conceded more goals in the last 10 minutes than Cardiff. the bluebirds conceded almost 30% of their goals between 80-90 minutes this season. manager neil warnock is enjoying "weekly" meetings to discuss transfer targets for next season
Zambia face germany in the quarter-finals of the world cup on wednesday. captain Solomon Sakala returns to the squad after missing the Costa Rica game. the African champions are looking to seal a place in the last eight.
the sanctions freeze the assets of those affected, and stop US entities doing business with them. those targeted include the interior minister and the head of the army. the vote is to choose the 545 members of a new constituent assembly. critics say the president is trying to cement a dictatorship
jailed opposition politician Yulia Tymoshenko has reportedly called off a prison hunger strike. the former prime minister flew from china to sochi in southern Russia for the meeting. last month he shelved a partnership deal with the EU, triggering protests
more than 350 Roma people had lived in the camp on la Petite ceinture since mid-2015. site belongs to the national rail authority SNCF. most live in camps that are regularly demolished and every year thousands are deported.
presenter lent his support to a community group's aim to take over management of pier and train. current operator said numbers using the ferry had been falling. more than 9,000 people have signed a petition calling for the service to be saved.
corran "coz" Powell, 21, died following a collision in braintree, in december 2014. his family is raising money to buy land on which he dreamed of running outdoor survival courses. the centre would also be used as a venue for new bands and charity events
Syd's Garden will open in the grounds of addenbrooke's hospital in 2018. it has been designed by sculptor Stephen Pyle and garden designer Paul Herrington. Barrett died in 2006 after living locally as a semi-recluse.
footage shows a missionary assaulted by prison inmates in davao in 1989. he said the missionary was so beautiful that "the mayor should have been first" critics say this shows he is "unfit" for the office of president. his supporters have dismissed the comments
ex-conservative leader warns against Brexit being dictated by "tyranny of the majority" Iain Duncan Smith: "we had a vote, that vote now has to be acted on"
the 24 hours in bristol competition was open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone. the overall winner was Paolo Ferla who took "electric Bristol" - a picture of the Clifton suspension bridge.
ofqual says there were more than 572,000 queries over grades - an increase of 27%. exam regulator is launching a consultation to overhaul the appeals system. head teachers have complained about the quality of marking and the damaging impact of incorrect grades.
the world's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $94.6bn, down 2%. it said revenues were likely to slip further in 2017, to between $90.5bn and $92.5bn. Boeing also projected higher commercial deliveries this year of between 760 and 765 aircraft.
england's Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates were fifth in the quadruple sculls final with Alan Campbell third in the b single. Cassells and Scrimgeour dominated the lightweight pair final. there was success for Ireland in the
australia beat india by 155 runs in their first innings to win the second test in pune. tourists scored 285 in the second innings, setting india a record target of 441 to win. captain Steve Smith scored his maiden Test century as he scored 109 in second innings.
daphne Koller, president of coursera, says technology is available but universities hesitant. online courses have mostly offered certificates rather than full degrees. prof Koller says online degrees can be "more affordable and accessible"
last year's winner theatre guide (11-1) had to settle for third, with double shuffle (11-2) finishing second. there was a slight blip in the celebrations as best was unshipped shortly after the line.
researchers say it shows the divergence may have begun 360 years ago. it also suggests Travellers are closely connected to Irish settled people. about 30,000 people living in the republic of ireland are members of the Travelling community.
the stretch of road on the A890 was closed following rock falls last month. work to stabilise rock in the area will continue over the next two to three weeks.
bodies of Ronald kidd, 40, and Holly Alexander, 37, were discovered at a tenement in rosefield street, in the city's west end. the property was sealed off by police while detectives and scenes of crimes officers investigated.
Benson completed the triathlon in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds. he was ahead of Portugal's Joao Silva (+11 seconds) and azerbaijan's Rostyslav pevtsov (+33secs) the 21-year-old's success also
the museum closed last October to allow work to upgrade the building. about half of the project's £66m cost is being funded by the council. the museum houses treasures donated to the city by collector sir William burrell.
Swindale beck, near haweswater, was straightened to clear land for grazing. faster flows washed gravel away, making it less easy for salmon and trout to spawn. bend restoration project aimed at alleviating flooding by slowing flow of water.
most of the 152 people killed in the crash were french citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros. many of the passengers had begun their journey in Paris or Marseille on another jet operated by the national airline of Yemen. Yemenia has previously said that bad weather - strong winds and high seas
gloria borger says gov. jindal's speech is among the first from a big name of the republican party. she says he's adamant party shouldn't change its principles - not on taxation, big government.
the 31-year-old has signed a two-year contract with an option of a third. the forward has recently been playing in Sweden for FC Rosengard. she won five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006-2010.
the SNP held three seats in the capital, while the lib dems gained one seat. the result was a verdict on calls for a second referendum on independence. scottish nationalist deidre Brock held her constituency Edinburgh North and leith.
the only french side in super league had lost their last five matches in a row. frayssinous, 40, is a former catalans and france stand-off. he became the first french coach of the club when he replaced Trent Robinson in 2012.
prince Jacques is next in line to the throne, a rich principality on the southern french coast. Gabriella was born first, with Jacques arriving two minutes later. their father is prince Albert II, son of the late actress, grace Kelly.
one in five women between the ages of 16-59 in england and wales has experienced some form of sexual violence. the clinic will provide extra antenatal support with specially-trained midwives, psychologists and paediatricians.
paralympic star smyth exits from men's 100m as he finishes fifth in his heat. 20-year-old Reid false starts in heat three and is disqualified. gladys Ganiel takes 12th place in women's marathon.
far-right demonstrators clashed with anti-fascist demonstrators in maidstone. five people left with minor injuries as police turned out in force. police seized more than 20 weapons including a knuckle duster.
lib dem chief secretary to the treasury aims to introduce a new offence for firms. organisations that facilitate tax evasion should face same penalties as evaders themselves. the proposed crackdown comes in the wake of HSBC tax-dodging allegations.
the rand, which has halved over the past five years, fell after the speech. it dropped 2.25% to make one rand worth around $0.0639. the measures were aimed at appeasing the rating agencies.
Douglas carswell tells BBC's Sunday politics that party needs to get "tone" right. he said that the party needed to ensure 27 million people who didn't vote for UKIP may be persuaded to vote for them in future. the party has been beset by
80,000 works of art, ceramics, manuscripts, letters and photographs set to be auctioned. public fundraising campaign launched in September hit its target in just a month. the collection will remain on display at the museum in barlaston, Staffordshire.
Saudi Arabia was established in 1932 by king abd-al-aziz and has been succeeded by various sons. it stands out for its espousal of a puritan version of sunni Islam, including harsh punishments such as public beheadings, and its restrictions
NSPCC's Childline service said it counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year. the total number suffering online abuse is thought to be far higher. childline's president Dame Esther Rantzen said the figures should be a wake-up call.
the girl was forced into a vehicle in Bishop's Stortford at about 20:30 GMT on 16 February. she was dropped off near the town's railway station the following morning. police said the attack had caused "concern within the community"
cygnets and their mother had recently become a familiar sight around Lisnarick. the five swans were lying in a row behind the mother, who was injured as well. it is an offence to intentionally injure, take or kill a wild
about 180 people will become joint-owners after the deal is signed. the plan is to set up a new company to try to secure planning permission. it will turn the building into independent shops with flats above.
prime minister says there needs to be "a big cultural change" towards sport in schools. graeme maw, director of sport at millfield school, says the word "opportunity" is key. headteacher at coopers' company and coborn school, in Essex, says
cases of syphilis increased by 76% between 2012 and 2015. gonorrhoea infections rose by 53%, from 26,880 to 41,193. rates of genital warts decreased, thanks to a vaccination campaign.
Gianni Meersman wins the vuelta a la coruna in spain. Darwin Atapuma retains his overall lead despite being caught behind crash. team sky's chris froome and second-placed alejandro
a 15-year-old boy has been attacked by a group of bullies in london. the boy, who will be called "ben", says there is "no shame" in reading poetry. "i worshipped indie bands - joy division especially" in the
co-operative housing accounts for less than 1% of homes in the uk. groups of like-minded people can come together and buy land to provide housing. members of that co-op group can then buy shares in the new homes. 67% of those surveyed had never heard of co
Nats Prestwick expects to handle more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season. the company has announced a £600m investment in a new computer system. it says government support is needed to improve the network of "ageing" flightpaths.
the company says the cuts will save $2.7bn (£1.76bn) in annual costs. the company currently has more than 300,000 employees. part of the plan involves changing the nature of the workforce.
Kris doolan scored his 100th and 101st goals for motherwell in 2-1 win. Adam barton and Steven lawless came close to doubling the lead. thistle have seven-point gap on leaders kilmarnock.
yas medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at A&E departments in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15. a shortage of available hospital beds has been given as one of the problems causing knock-on delays. just five hospitals accounted for about 70% of the total waiting
Billy Johnson, 20, and Charles Noble, 20, have both been charged with her murder. they appeared at Oxford Magistrates' court and will next appear at Oxford crown court on Monday.
the conductor died at his home in Cambridge following an illness lasting several months. he founded the academy of ancient music in 1973 and directed it for 30 years. his recordings include the 1980 version of handel's Messiah with Emma Kirkby.
Dana was transported to the al-mawa reserve via turkey. staff found the cub, who they named hajar, in her cage on Saturday. they are now waiting to see whether she will give birth to a second cub.
Chancellor will meet finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to discuss renegotiation. securing german backing is important for the success of British reform plans. in may german business warned that a UK exit from the EU would be "disastrous"
OM manganese fined $150,000 ($134,000; £88,000) for desecration of sacred site. mining firm accused of causing the collapse of part of the site in 2011. site is known as Two Women Sitting Down and is associated with australia's Kunapa people
retailers in the uk say the annual sales day is taking off here too. spending will be up 22% on last year, according to Visa. many deals will be for 24 hours only, to create a sense of urgency.
Prithika Yashini was born male but underwent gender reassignment surgery. she applied to become a police sub-inspector in the southern state of Tamil Nadu. the state police board did not recognise a third gender, leading to a legal case
the director general's discussion paper supports calls for the all-ireland senior football and hurling finals to be moved forward two weeks. the inter-county minor grade should be changed from U18 to U17. duffy also believes that the club championship should be played in the
incident happened near dr gray's hospital shortly after 10:00. man taken to hospital with what police said were serious but not life-threatening injuries.
open bionics intends to launch a service next year that will 3D-scan amputees and then build and fit them with a custom-fitted socket and hand for about £2,000.
deila will leave premiership champions Celtic after Sunday's match against motherwell. the Norwegian led the club to two titles and a league cup win this season. but they were unable to reach the Champions League group stage this term and last.
manchester city face real madrid in the second leg of their semi-final tie on wednesday. city goalkeeper jose mourinho says his team are confident and right to be. he says they have the experience and ability to handle a real Madrid side like that.
Saunders has left Wrexham after three years to succeed Sean O'Driscoll at doncaster. former Wales striker morrell will be in charge for Saturday's trip to Grimsby. the 35-year-old will be assisted by coaches Brian carey and micha
the pound is still around 16% lower against the dollar just over a year on from the referendum. currency fluctuations have lured over flock of international tourists hungry for high-end brands at relatively bargain prices. luxury footwear brand Crockett & Jones has 12 stores worldwide across locations including lon
border agency workers are expected to strike on 30 November in protest at government pension changes. ministers fear there could be major disruption for travellers, so volunteers are being asked to step in. the UK Border Agency has insisted the civil servants will be properly trained.
Cheruiyot and her compatriot hellen onsando obiri set an Olympic record time. the 32-year-old set a world record time of 14 minutes 26.17 seconds. uk's Eilish McColgan was 13th in 15
Daniel timbers, 29, and Barry joy, 56, were working at Harford Attachments. the men are believed to have been working in a paint-spraying area. their bodies were removed from the site on Tuesday afternoon.
only a small amount of aid was delivered on Wednesday. a convoy to the town of Darayya near damascus did not carry food. the UN Security council will meet on Friday to discuss the air drops.
social mobility and child poverty commission says elite firms draw from a small pool of graduates. report was based on interviews with staff from 13 elite accountancy, law and financial services firms. to break into top jobs, state school candidates needed higher qualifications than privately educated peers.
the 21-year-old has appeared 82 times for championship strugglers Brighton. he played five games on loan at the club earlier this season. the english under-21 international is eligible for Saturday's FA cup third-round match.
Armstrong is accused of fraud by cheating while riding for the publicly funded us postal service team. the lawsuit was filed by his former team-mate Floyd landis before being joined by the government in 2013.
the Northern Ireland Rare Disease Partnership aims to give sufferers and their carers an independent voice. the group was created with the patient client council. one woman hopes the new partnership will help families like hers.
the victim, 12 at the time, was stabbed 19 times but survived. she was found by a cyclist crawling from the woods after the attack in may 2014. if tried as juveniles, the pair only face a five-year term.
the pipeline, when complete, is expected to transport about 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day from north Dakota to a terminal in Illinois. the Standing Rock and Cheyenne River tribes have filed a lawsuit against the pipeline. they say it will endangers their drinking water, and
opposition leader Gordon bajnai is running in these elections as part of a coalition of leftist, liberal and green parties, trying to oust the popular and populist prime minister, viktor orban. opposition spokesman Ferenc Kumin looks out from his first-floor window
trailer taken from Burton's foods Ltd on Ty coch way, Cwmbran, Torfaen. two men, from Liverpool and cheshire, had been charged with theft. a third man will appear in court in relation to the alleged theft on friday.
the 10-year-old son of crown prince Frederik was saved last week by a lifeguard. he was reportedly pulled from the surf at Mermaid beach after being caught in a rip current. the lifeguard, Nick Malcolm, was personally thanked by the crown prince
reality check team nipped off to a local shop to check this claim. self checkout said there was a problem with buying five bananas. reality check verdict: there is no such rule.
greyOrange is a multi-national robotics company based in india. it has built india's first humanoid robot, which it entered in kung fu competitions. the e-commerce sector in india has seen unprecedented growth in the last few years.
al-Shabab recruits had been converging on the camp since last week, a resident says. the US said the strike was aimed at preventing a "large-scale attack" by the al-Qaeda-linked militants. "we never gather 100 fighters in one
1920s window depicts air, sea and land battles alongside religious images and trench scenes. church says the masonry around the window must be replaced. repairs could cost tens of thousands of pounds.
emergency services called to bell lane in Walsall at 22:20 GMT on monday. a man died at the scene after a car hit two brick walls and ended up across gardens. woman was also cut out of the car before being taken to hospital.
pupils aged 11 will be expected to know their tables up to 12x12. they will be tested using an "on-screen check" examination. the tests will be piloted to about 3,000 pupils in 80 primary schools this summer. education secretary says maths is a non-nego
video appears to show gymnast laughing while retired gymnast mimics Islamic prayer practices. the 27-year-old later said he was "deeply sorry" for his "thoughtless actions" British Gymnastics said: "we will be investigating the behaviours reported"
the government plans to scrap the £320m ILF in 2015. the average pay-out is £300 a week. claimants feared disabled people could be forced out of independent living arrangements. a judge dismissed the application, saying the consultation process had been lawful.
emerging markets' revenue rose 5.7% to £1.18bn but UK revenue fell by 3.2%. operations span 110 countries and it employs 611,000 staff. revenues were £3.2bn, up 2.8% compared with same period last year.
at least 33 people have been killed during weeks of protests over high inflation. supporters and opponents of the president staged rival rallies in the capital. riot police clashed with anti-government demonstrators in the city. the opposition says the government is violently repressing the protest
Airbus has not had an A380 order for two years. production of the double-decker continues to operate at a marginal loss. second-quarter operating profits fall 27% to 859m euros (£765m)
businesses are considering what reforms, if any, will be best for them. Helena Morrissey, chief executive of Newton asset management, said the EU was no longer fit for purpose. co-founder of innocent drinks, Richard Reed, says the UK gets more out of the EU
police say the builder of the high rise used sub-standard construction material. there are hundreds of similar illegal high-rises in the Mumbai region. a witness says the building appeared to tilt before quickly collapsing.
the last time blackrock cut a significant number of jobs was in 2013 but the firm ended the year with a higher headcount. the new round of layoffs comes following months of volatility in the financial markets.
Dwyer studied at Tyler junior college in texas, before moving to the university of south florida. the 25-year-old was named in the 2014 MLS all star team alongside Thierry Henry. he has since scored more than 30 MLS goals and is on a
sports minister says russia has done everything asked of it to meet anti-doping standards. but there is still "significant work to be done" before athletes can compete in the 2016 olympics. a taskforce set up by the IAAF revealed its findings at a
family had asked that half the remains be returned to them with the other half scattered. half were returned but the remainder had been wrongly used in an un-witnessed scattering. two workers lost their jobs and dignity, which runs the crematorium, apologised.
the keynote macTaggart lecture will be given by the director general of the BBC, mark Thompson. last year, one of the corporation's biggest competitors, James murdoch, attacked the corporation. the corporation has been widely criticised for the large sums of licence fee money it pays to its stars
the dispute is over a new contract due to be introduced in august 2016. critics say it could mean 15% pay cuts with "normal hours" re-classed as 7am to 10pm, Monday to Saturday. the government has described the current contracts as "outdated" and "un
Accies beat caley thistle 2-0 in the scottish championship on saturday. alex d'acol opened the scoring for the hosts from a corner. grant gillespie doubled the hosts' lead with a side-footed strike
the money will be given "to develop inspirational projects that could have a transformative local effect" it comes after the government scrapped projects in the north and then backed a £30bn crossrail 2 scheme for London.
tennis star serena williams won her 23rd grand slam without dropping a set. the 'greatest female tennis player of the open era' did it while in the early stages of pregnancy. it is not easy for any woman to adapt to changes in her
operation foiled a plan to smuggle drugs and weapons from south america to the port of Gioia Tauro in Calabria. raids targeted two mafia crime families, the Gambino of new york and the Ndrangheta from Calabri
the "indigenisation law" has been blamed for choking off investment. it has been widely criticised, including by the IMF, for contributing to the collapse of the economy. in march, Zimbabwe threatened to close all companies that failed to comply.
the code was introduced following concerns over the number of people being searched without a legal basis. it says statutory searches must be "necessary, proportionate and in accordance with the law" non-statutory or "consensual" stop-and-searches are now banned
BT openreach quoted a price of £18,799 plus VAT to connect a home to a telegraph pole. BT said it was due to the "huge" civil engineering task of laying 400m of underground cables. neighbouring property has been linked by an overhead
despite his public image, salmond is often described as a very private person. he grew up on a council estate in a small town in the central belt of scotland. his enthusiasm for sport - and heart of midlothian football club - predated
Hilfiger had told Yahoo casting directors dressed Gigi hadid in a poncho. he said he wanted to show off her figure, but members of his creative team disagreed. hadid later went on to collaborate with the designer, launching her own line of clothing.
Kasem was known as host of the american top 40 radio show. he died last June at the age of 82. the battle between his children from a previous marriage began before his death.
he was arrested at the Russia-wales match in Toulouse on Monday. he had been expelled on Saturday after fan violence marred the match. investigators believe he flew to barcelona and crossed the border.
many leaders have been accused of lining their own pockets with state funds. sani abacha, the Nigerian leader from 1993 to 1998, reportedly looted somewhere between $1bn and $5bn from the country's coffers. suharto, the president
EU leaders say there can be no "reciprocal" deal on expats until formal talks begin. tories accuse EU figures of "standing in the way" of a deal. pm says it was "absolutely right" for the UK not to have acted unilaterally.
John Guidetti scores from a free-kick following a foul on Stefan Scepovic. keeper conor Brennan makes a string of saves for the ayrshire side. tope obsadeyi and mubarak wakaso
Steven maclean scores opening goal as saints beat caley thistle 2-1. larnell cole sent off for challenge on referee Stephen finnie. caley Thistle captain Gary Warren sent off in the tunnel.
England beat australia and wales to finish second in group b. they added a 10-7 win over australia to their 31-10 victory against fiji. south africa will face argentina in the last eight.
captcha checks are designed to stop automated bots accessing websites. they also appear when somebody is trying to log in to a website with the wrong password, to spot automated attempts. Google's new system tracks how a person interacts with a site to prove they are real.
Smyth, 25, is continuing his preparations for the paralympics in London. the visually impaired sprinter will defend his 100m and 200m titles. he has less than 10 per cent of normal sight because of the stargardt's condition.
police called to a "disagreement" at the party, attended by about 100 people. officers posted photos of themselves removing the cakes, which they said were "donated" "lots of damage" was caused at the club, and some thefts had also been reported.
the hour-long session featured questions on Brexit, steel, devolution and the severn crossings. plaid Cymru's Liz Saville Roberts complained that the Bill was going through Parliament so quickly it was difficult to scrutinise properly. mr Cairns said
the business was owned by John and Karen Blisard and began operating in 2007. it now has five branches: two in Belfast, two in Dublin and one in galway. the sale does not include the barbecue restaurant, Bubbacue.
police have arrested and bailed a 16-year-old from london, a boy in county antrim and a man, 20, from Staffordshire. the TalkTalk website was hit by a "significant" hacking attack last week. at most 1.2 million email
Russian president Vladimir Putin says the su-24 was hit by air-to-air missiles fired by Turkish jets. but Turkish military officials say the plane was engaged after being warned it was violating Turkish airspace. the crew ejected before the jet crashed in latakia province, but
more than 20 strikes have been carried out in the past four days, colonel says. the raids are in support of Iraqi forces trying to retake Falluja from IS. there are dire warnings about conditions in the city.
the 31-year-old has not played since mid-October after injuring an Achilles. arsenal said his problem "had not progressed" and he would travel to Sweden next week.
last month harrington won the Cheltenham Gold Cup with Sizing John. Gordon Elliott's Bless The Wings was runner-up for the second year in a row. thirteen of the 28 runners came from Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary's stables.
yn ogystal â'i dîm lleol, Llangefni, fe chwaraeodd hefyd i Dinas Bangor a Bethesda ac roe
"learning from mistakes league" rates 120 trusts outstanding or good. other measures include legal protection for staff who admit mistakes. a patient safety charity welcomed the moves but said it remained "concerned"
two armed men wearing masks broke into the 44-year-old victim's house. the men knocked the victim to the ground and hit him repeatedly with a blunt object. police have appealed for witnesses and are appealing for information.
the man, in his 20s, was travelling east when his car left the road. police closed the road between Frog Grove lane and Holly lane.
saga has been a major blow to the reputation of the government of president hassan Rouhani. many Iranians have taken to social media to vent their fury. "iran needs a few Robin Hoods!" quipped one twitter user.
visitors had a "misplaced concern" for the calf, park says. it was rejected by its herd after contact with the visitors. there are about 5,000 wild bison, also known as buffalo, in the park.
the amount of money borrowed for home loans in march was the highest for nearly nine years. landlords and buyers of second homes have had to pay an extra 3% in stamp duty. the figures show that house prices have increased five times faster than wages since 2011.
union Unison said it was "bitterly disappointed" with the decision. the council said it would bring staff in line with the other 17,000 workers. there was a "real risk" other council employees could make claims for equal pay.
the 23-year-old midfielder is his country's joint all-time goalscorer. he ended last season on loan at forest green and is the second gibraltar international to represent torquay.
veronelli, 36, moved from florida back to Buenos aires earlier this year to be with his young family. the former world number 150 had notable success in guiding Watson back inside the world's top 50 for a time. he appointed the 23-year-old
the ceasefire was supposed to open the way to aid deliveries in Syria. but the latest attacks on the aid convoy and hospital seem to have taken things back to square one. the idea that the guns should fall silent in one war was difficult from the outset.
guards at the site saw the pair pick up the items from the ground, court is told. the pupils, from the independent perse school in Cambridge, say they picked them up. they deny stealing artefacts of special cultural importance during a school visit.
vice-president tells canada's leader: "the world is going to spend a lot of time looking to you" he praises "genuine leaders" including german chancellor angela Merkel. this is the second state dinner shared by the two north american nations this year.
the 46-year-old german has signed a new 12-month rolling contract. former borussia Dortmund coach led huddersfield to fifth last term. the club's first premier league game is away to crystal palace on 12 august.
Ashleys Kenya is a beauty company with more than 240 employees. it is the current holder of the local franchise of the miss world beauty pageant. the company's mission statement is to be the most professionally run chain of salons in Kenya.
Ryan Morse, 12, died on 8 December 2012 from undiagnosed Addison's disease. he was "feeling a bit better from a temperature point of view" the day before he died, but still suffering from sickness and diarrhoea.
Friends of sherwood forest say the £5.3m centre will devastate the area. "it has all sorts of wildlife - insect life and newts," charity's spokesman said. construction is scheduled to start in December 2016 with the opening expected by winter 2017.
Walter oakley received a letter from the Russian and us leaders thanking him for his help in televising the meeting. no agreements were signed at the summit but it was said to mark the end of the cold war. auctioneers Anderson and garland said the value is impossible to know
the sculpture of Hindu goddess uma parameshvari is thought to have been stolen from a Shiva temple in southern india. the Asian civilisation museum bought the artwork for $650,000 (£420,000) from new york dealer art of the past in 2007. the company's manager later admitted selling stolen Indian anti
the Belmond British Pullman arrived at Ashford international at 07:00 GMT as passengers waited for a train. the 1920s train is the sister of the Venice Simplon-Orient express. passengers were treated to a three-course breakfast and musical entertainment.
englishman dropped out of world top 50 for the first time in more than a decade. the 38-year-old is yet to win a major title but has played in four victorious Ryder Cup teams. he is now ranked at 78th in the world and needs to
200 men and women from the u.s. set sail from new york to build a colony on the island. they hoped that if enough of their fellow nationals followed their lead, eventually Cuba would be annexed by the us. but many cut their losses and went home
Several councils are undergoing significant boundary changes in 2013. information may be subject to revision and change until election day. there may be other council by-elections taking place on 2 may.
researchers looked at three areas of england, 20 years apart, and found new rates of dementia were lower than past trends would suggest. they say improvements in men's health is the most likely explanation. charities warn against complacency, with more than 200,000 dementia cases diagnosed each year in the
Jon Platt was taken to court after refusing to pay a £120 fine for taking his daughter, aged six, to florida. he had argued the law only required children to attend school regularly. the council said it wanted to know why the court decided there was no
former RAF communications worker kept his identity a secret, calling himself "mr x" friends and family have vowed to carry on his work in his memory. the strain of personally delivering so many gifts became too much for him.
Ivana Hoffmann, 19, was killed earlier this month in the battle for Tal Tamr. she had been fighting alongside the Kurdish Popular Protection Units (YPG) she was the first western female fighter known to have been killed fighting IS.
home secretary vowed to put the conservative party "at the service" of working people. she set out plans to change the way big businesses are governed. party members will choose between Mrs May and energy minister Andrea Leadsom.
"just a senseless way for a great guy to go out," says friend of referee. baseel Abdul-amir Saad, 36, has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm. witnesses at the game in Livonia reported seeing Bieni
bianca Nikol Roberson was driving near west goshen when her car veered off the road. police initially thought it was a fatal collision, but then discovered she had been shot in the head. investigators believe another driver shot her as she tried to merge into the same lane
Kazi Islam, 18, of newham, east London, found guilty of preparing to commit acts of terrorism. he was convicted by a majority of 10 to 2 and will be sentenced on 29 may. court heard he tried to persuade Harry Thomas to kill two
pushp Sharma's report appeared in a newspaper aimed at india's Muslim community. it quoted what was said to be a government document that banned Muslims from travelling abroad to teach yoga for last year's World Yoga Day. Mr Sharma faces charges of fabricating the document, which he
loch surface goes up and down by just 1.5mm when combined with the gravity of the moon and sun. a tide like this has never been observed in a western european lake before. scientists say their precision measurement technique could be used in other lakes around the world.
pre-inquest review was due to take place on monday, but has now been postponed until march. full inquest now likely to be held late 2017, but is "dependent" on police investigation. vintage hawker hunter jet crashed on to the A27 during aerobatic stunt
gang targeted ATMs in Stonehaven, Inverurie, Aberdeen, New Deer and Ellon. they used oxygen and acetylene to get to the safes behind the ATMs. convicted of blowing up an ATM at the royal bank of Scotland in new deer
bishop geoffrey Robinson: popes, archbishops sent "wrong message" about abuse. bishop says pope did not condemn abuse claims when they emerged in 1990s. "we still haven't had that kind of leadership," he tells royal commission. inquiry
20-year-old midfielder pat Roberts is wanted by a number of english clubs. Celtic assistant Chris Davies confirms the club maintain "a constant dialogue" with Roberts. nice have already added two players to their midfield options this week.
a mining company and a marine research organisation are now interested in his design. the "walking" robot can only travel at 1.5km/h (1mph) and manage a distance of 5km. "it wasn't built to be efficient and fast. it was built to look cool and
42% of larger firms have been the victim of a cyber attack, compared with 18% of smaller ones. the business group has urged companies to do more to protect themselves. just a quarter of the firms surveyed said they had put in place security measures.
security is expected to be tight throughout the trip, as the faithful flock to see him. he is likely to focus on religious tolerance and peaceful coexistence. his visit to the capital, bangui, is seen as his most dangerous yet.
"there was no conflict of interest" in his new role as head of the commission, he says. he has come under pressure over claims that some 340 global companies were granted deals to help them avoid tax during his 18 years in office. "everything that has been done has been in
the 23-year-old from Kinross finished second behind Kenyan Faith Kipyegon. that erased Yvonne Murray's 1994 effort of 4:22.60 in the Scottish rankings. she now holds the Scottish 1500m and mile records.
Newcastle striker daryl Murphy scores his first goal for the club. aleksandar mitrovic suffers a badly cut leg in the build-up. lukas jutkiewicz equalizes for the visitors.
Cavendish finishes 29th after his team-mates fail to reel in a late breakaway. vinokourov sprinted clear of Colombia's Rigoberto Uran in the final stages. team GB's race strategy worked beautifully at the world championships in Copenhagen.
all saints were dismissed as "difficult" or "sulky" in the early '90s. sexism spilled over into their TV appearances, and the band recall a traumatic taping. the band are now re-united
the british-brazilian duo were beaten by south africa's Raven Klaasen and american Rajeev Ram 6-1 6-4 in an hour at the O2 arena in london. but they have already overtaken Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas
a 48-year-old man was struck by a car in Tamworth, Staffordshire, on 13 January. he was pronounced dead at the scene, police said. the driver of the car was not injured.
Beach Buddies is doubling its efforts with two sessions over the weekend. severe storms washed up "mountains of litter" onto the beaches. more than 1,600 people took part in 220 sessions held across the island last year.
legal highs, officially called new psychoactive substances, have been linked to a number of deaths. ministers say young people who took them were "taking exceptional risks with their health" new restrictions will also extend to the sale of nitrous oxide - also known as laughing gas or "hippy
this has been the worst year on this, or any other, commissioner's watch. fifty NFL players were arrested in 2014 for a wide degree of offences. despite all this, the professional game of american football is flourishing.
he filmed himself raping two patients at the John Radcliffe hospital in Oxford. he also attacked women who had passed out while he was on duty at a music festival. the 29-year-old pleaded guilty to rape, sexual assault and voye
European tour chief Keith Pelley says Rory McIlroy strongly endorses ballyliffin. Pelley: "having his name associated with the tournament is something we are proud of" next year's Irish Open will be held from 5-8 July - two weeks before the open at car
Jack Brooks hits 94 not out to help Yorkshire to 421-7 at the close of day two. unbroken partnership of 165 between leaning and Brooks is a roses match record. Jimmy Anderson will not bowl again in this match, but may bat if needed.
asda will commit to paying 28p per litre for 100% of its liquid milk. it is less than the 30-32p farmers estimate it costs to produce each litre. the industry says a reduction in global demand for milk has led to an over-supply.
controversial firmware change meant printer owners using unofficial cartridges discovered they would no longer work. campaign calling on HP to reverse the move was launched, backed by rights group the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). in a blog post, HP admitted it should have done a "better job of communicating"
the NBA says it is "pleased" by the ruling and looks forward to the transaction closing. Mr Sterling, 80, had been contesting his estranged wife's decision to sell the basketball team. he was banned from basketball for life after being recorded making racist remarks.
dene magna school in mitcheldean, gloucestershire, has about 750 pupils on its roll. a private cleaning firm will begin a deep clean on Friday to sterilise the school. the school normally has an attendance of 97%, but on
fewer than half of those eligible to vote did so in 2011. elections for the assembly and police and crime commissioners take place on 5 may. there are concerns that up to 70,000 people in Wales have not registered to vote.
Shell announces $15bn cut in global spending, and profit figures that disappoint investors. chief executive Ben van beurden accepts Arctic drilling "divides society" but says world needs new sources of oil and gas to meet demand. environmentalists have campaigned against Shell for years.
the 41-year-old was shot and stabbed to death by Thomas mair in Birstall, west yorkshire. her impact on the village of Batley and Spen will not be forgotten, residents say. in her maiden speech to parliament, she said: "we have far more in
clashes between Israeli police and Palestinian protesters continue for a third day in Jerusalem. Alexander levlovitz died in a car accident apparently caused by a rock-throwing attack. violence has again rocked the al-Aqsa mosque compound.
president higgins will ask the council of state if the protection of life during pregnancy bill's legality should be tested by the Supreme Court. the bill would allow a termination when doctors deem that a woman is at risk of taking her life. it follows the case of an Indian woman
the volunteers were angry at the RNLI's decision to shut down the station. they had said they would no longer use the lifeboat to respond to emergencies. but the crew agreed to take back their pagers at a meeting on friday.
Sri Lankan shared a second-wicket stand of 187 with opener Rory Burns (80) as Surrey reached 394-5 at stumps. Kumar Sangakkara passed 1,000 first-class runs for Surrey in just his 22nd innings.
100% of the club's shares and assets transferred from previous owner Steve Morgan to fosun. chief executive jez moxey will also step down after 16 years at Molineux. the new-look board will consist of four members, including Jeff Shi.
conservation efforts should focus on ensuring rare species have enough places to nest. hedgerows and hay meadows are being lost in many countries. competition among animals for a suitable place to nest could explain why some species are struggling to survive.
prince of wales addresses cadets at the sovereign's parade at sandhurst. he said the international order was "under challenge as never before in my lifetime" the prince of Wales is colonel in chief of the royal Gurkha Rifles. his
the 22-year-old winger has declared himself available for algeria. spent five years with le havre, scoring six times in 60 games.
u.s. considers al-Qaeda in the Arabian peninsula (AQAP) the most dangerous to the west. it has both technical skills and global reach, plus it is loyal to the nominal leader, al-Zawahiri. AQAP has form: its master bomb-maker
two quick Irish tries cost the Scots a 35-25 defeat in the six nations on saturday. second-half try in Dublin was one of 11 Scotland scored in the tournament. it was the most they had managed in Dublin for 32 years.
a report says "social unrest over parades and flags" had potentially had an impact. it also said the local tourism industry was worried about "continuing sectarianism and racial prejudice" the review was ordered by DETI minister arlene Foster last year.
rodrigo Kelton was born into hardship in the north-eastern state of ceara. more than 133,000 people live on less than 70 reais ($30; £18.50) a month. part of the Brazilian team competing in the Street Child World Cup in Rio
ten people were admitted to hospital after taking the drug over the weekend. police said it was thought to be a new form of MDMA, known as "pink champagne" it is now believed that this substance was in fact a synthetic cannabinoid.
the Rolling Stones have cancelled the first date of their australian tour following the news. the designer was found dead in her new york flat on Monday, in an apparent suicide. a spokesman for the singer has denied a report that he had recently split with Scott.
report says new homes are needed to cope with a predicted increase in the city's population of 40,000 people by 2030. document identifies 62 sites across the city that could be used for housing. some of the proposed new homes would be built on greenbelt land.
"donor fatigue" had led to funding for SW radio africa drying up, its manager says. the station was launched when president Robert Mugabe faced opposition to his rule. "we are gone so our voice is completely gone," says its manager.
the additional funding was part of a £1.25bn investment over five years. campaigners expected £250m to be made available this year. mental health network says it has seen little of even that reduced amount.
Joe Woolford and Jake shakeshaft will perform live in the Eurovision final. the duo will perform you're not alone in Stockholm's Globe arena. an estimated 200 million viewers are expected to tune in to watch the event.
the 22-year-old will join former Leeds team-mate Ben Jones-bishop at the red devils next season. Hood made five appearances for the rhinos in 2012 and was released at the end of the 2013 super league season.
Ben hooper started his 2,000-mile (3,200 km) swim from dakar harbour in west africa. the 38-year-old long-distance swimmer is hoping his sponsored swim will raise £1m for charity. other people have attempted the swim, but were not
if you are just starting out, wanting to get back into a sport or perhaps you want to try something new, our website provides you with inspiration and easy-to-follow guides. once you've found your inspiration we have links to a network of governing bodies, clubs and events near you
women of africa is a BBC season recognising inspiring women across the continent. power women introduces six women who are chief executive officers or company heads.
two officials - who have not been named - were told to leave on 17 June, spokesman says. last month, US officials said harassment against US diplomats was on the rise. Russia said the diplomat worked for the CIA and refused to show ID papers.
Stokes hits 39-ball 57 in England's 321-8 win over india in the first odi. he removes key man virat Kohli and ends 104-run stand between jadhav and pandya. india take the series 2-1 with the
body of india chipchase, 20, was found in northampton on Sunday. book-keeper Edward tenniswood, 51, from Stanley Road, faces a charge of murder. police referred itself to the independent police complaints commission.
more than 300 people were killed by the security forces in northern ireland. council of europe's commissioner for human rights said the government is currently breaching the european convention of human rights. he said they are doing so by not conducting effective, independent and reasonably prompt investigations into the killings
a new gadget helps blind and visually impaired people read text and recognise faces. we talk to a tech giant about its progress in making software more accessible. and we ask what role AI could play in opening up technology for everyone.
Hassan Munshi and Talha asmal, both 17, are feared to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic state in march. the boys' families said they were praying for the safe return of the "ordinary Yorkshire lads".
Tom Squires won RS:X windsurfing gold after coming second in final race. Olympic silver medallist Luke patience finished fourth in the men's 470. new crew Chris Gruber finished fourth after a mechanical failure.
parade also commemorates Yeovilton's 75th birthday and the 70th anniversary of the end of world war two. a flypast represented all the squadrons based at the base. lieutenant commander said the parade "reinforces our bond and close links" with the
Kevin standing's vehicle was taken from his home in patcham, east sussex, on Saturday. he said he wrongly assumed an officer would visit him, but was told there were no lines of inquiry. police said they focused on crimes that "cause most harm"
philanthropist and soup kitchen founder says she was a socialite before becoming a volunteer. grew up in a squatters area in downtown kuala lumpur. joined a Buddhist monk in india who inspired her to start soup kitchen.
a growing belief that reforms are long overdue and a broader education is essential. Across northern Nigeria, it is estimated that about 11 million children get no access to mainstream education. "we have to change to compete with the challenges of modern society," says mallam abdurrahman
both the Islamic state group (IS) and Kurdish militants have claimed a number of attacks in turkey in recent months. turkey is part of the us-led coalition against IS, and coalition planes use its air base at incirlik for raids in Iraq and Syria. on Saturday an
the tories won 37 of 64 seats to claim a majority and wipe out labour's 22-seat majority from 2013. towns where seats turned from red to blue included Swadlincote, matlock, Glossop, Buxton, Ripley, Belper and
a man in his 30s died after he was struck by a car on the N2 at balrath in county meath at 01:30 local time on sunday. another man died after his car hit a fence at Knockanour, castlebar, county mayo on
the nuclear accident independent investigation commission's report was released on thursday. report catalogues a multitude of errors and wilful negligence that left the fukushima plant unprepared. the root causes were the organizational and regulatory systems, report says.
former director general of the bbc resigns as chairman of the football association. 68-year-old says he is not the best person to pick up the pieces after "inevitable discord" he was appointed in 2013 but had intended to stand for a further
the move would make them the first UK banks to introduce negative interest rates. personal customers are not affected, but charities and community groups are counted as business clients. the fsb has called on other banks to update customers of any changes to their business current account.
the commons opposed proposals to allow councils to extend opening hours by 317 votes to 286. critics said the plans would "chip away" at Sunday's special status and put undue pressure on workers. it is the conservative government's second defeat in the house of commons since
Golden state become only the 10th team to rally from a 3-1 deficit to win a play-off series. the defending champions will now face a title rematch with the Cleveland cavaliers.
Liverpool host wolves in the fourth round of the FA cup at anfield on tuesday. boyhood reds fan coady hoping to help his side become the third in a week to win there. the 23-year-old never got to play a home game
paramedics were called to a sudden death at Joe's bar in Dungiven. police arriving a short time later found several people still at the bar. the judge ordered its closure for three months.
callum clatworthy-robins, 22, admitted causing unnecessary suffering. he was banned from owning animals for three years and ordered to pay £200.
a drone carrying a pro-Albania flag disrupted a match between the two sides. the drone flew over the pitch with a political message. crowd disturbance and a brawl followed at partizan stadium. both countries have confirmed they will appeal against the rulings
the new deal with oil and gas company total will begin with the 2017 africa cup of nations finals in gabon. the value of the deal has not been revealed for the time being. total take over from mobile phone company orange, whose deal came to an end in 2016.
Wrexham were 2-0 winners away at altrincham. it was the exiles' first pre-season defeat this summer.
concerns had been raised by the Pakistan Cricket Board over threats from Hindu extremists. PCB chairman Shaharyar Khan said on Thursday that the team had been cleared to play in march and April. india and Pakistan have not played a Test series since 2007 due to fallout from terrorist attacks.
Clayton Donaldson's brace cancelled out by two goals in the last 17 minutes. Greg cunningham's equaliser came a minute from time. result ends blues' hopes of making the play-offs.
Michel Temer has taken over as president for up to 180 days. he has named a business-friendly cabinet that includes former central bank chief as finance minister. former president dilma rousseff denounced her removal as a "farce" and "sabo
a dam dumped by a landslide blocked the Yellow River for six to nine months. when the dam burst, up to 16 cubic kilometres of water inundated the lowlands. evidence for this sequence of events comes from sediments left by the dammed lake
malachi love-robinson, 18, was arrested after examining and providing medical advice to an undercover police officer. he has denied that he posed as a medical doctor and said he only used the title because he had obtained a PhD online. in 2015, at the
Nadal first arrived on the men's tennis tour when he was 15-years-old. the spaniard has been setting records since then.
ski-scotland said it had involved 207,770 skier days during the season. estimated that the industry generated almost £21m for the economy. it was also the first in years that all five of Scotland's outdoor ski centres opened before christmas.
Wahid Husman, 48, and Tahsib Majid, 36, used their roles to conspire to steal quantities of Class A and B drugs, the force said. surveillance captured the officers talking about drug dealing on duty and conspiring with criminal associates to steal a consignment
the red rose have lost two and drawn five of their previous seven county championship games. lancashire won three of their opening five division one games this season, but last triumphed in may.
michal Podlaszczyk, 33, jailed for minimum of seven and a half years. he had previously admitted nine different charges including rape, sexual assault and robbery. judge Philip head called the attack "sadistic" and described the defendant
the rugby football union could take the game to a smaller ground in future. the final of the competition, also known as the bill beaumont cup, has been played at Twickenham since 1984. "it is a problem, it's not perfect by any stretch of the imagination," said da
Matthew McConaughey picks up students from the university of texas at Austin. the sure walk project provides students with "volunteer companionship" he is an avid fan of the university's american football team.
ministers and other government officials are being given a three-month deadline to hand over state-owned homes and vehicles. the law targets presidential appointees who try to cling on to the perks of office after a new leader is elected. Ghana goes to the polls on
many on social media questioned whether Mr Trump had considered the us history of slavery and segregation. the businessman-turned-politician is continuing his outreach to African-American voters by meeting a group of pastors Wednesday in Cleveland, Ohio.
former england defender was diagnosed with frontal lobe dementia in 2006. he started his playing career at Peterborough in 1969 and made more than 300 appearances. his successful reign at Cambridge ended in 1992, when he stood down to become chairman.
the inflatable dinghy had come to rest on a sandbank. local coastguards were able to reach the inflatable vessel and help the occupants to safety.
attorney general's bid to refer verdict against bakery rejected by court of appeal. he had sought to refer the case to the UK's highest court under devolution issues. bakers refused to make a cake iced with the slogan "Support gay marriage"
Jeremy hardy suggests labour is "rigging the election" to stop Jeremy corbyn. new regulations allow members of the public to sign up to vote as a "registered supporter" some have been told their vote will be discounted amid concerns non-labour supports.
daughter: "what happened to my dad should have never happened to any human being" video of the incident has been watched millions of times online. police dragged the 69-year-old physician off a flight to Louisville, Kentucky. he lost two front teeth, suffered a broken nose
David Cameron told MPs on Tuesday the attack was "necessary and proportionate" in September, the prime minister announced that Khan and Ruhul amin had been killed by a drone strike in Syria. Ms Harman said such action outside a war zone was a "new
the audit report into the activities of the Welsh Amateur boxing association (waba) was commissioned by the association. sports Wales said it would continue funding the association, but it had put special measures in place. the auditors make 38 recommendations for the sporting body's future.
a wall at Oxgangs primary school collapsed during storm Gertrude in January. a safety inspection revealed there were issues with how the external wall was erected. the council said it was looking into alternative schooling arrangements for next week.
the case is the first of its kind in Germany, Bayer's home country. in 2009, as a healthy 25-year-old, she collapsed and her heart stopped for 20 minutes. doctors found massive clots blocking the main artery to her lung.
trial on the 23.4m long 'up' escalator at Holborn station is taking place. transport for London said the move will "increase the capacity" and prevent "queuing at the bottom" more than 56 million passengers use the station every year.
thousands of sufferers and their dependants will be able to get damages from a £350m pot over the next decade. those diagnosed after 25 July 2012 and who cannot sue former employers as they have gone bust or insurance details have disappeared will be eligible. mesothelio
Julia knight, 56, admitted injecting her mother with insulin at hospital. she had denied trying to kill Irene Robson, 81, but admitted administering the insulin. the trial at Oxford crown court heard it was a "premeditated, cold-blooded attack"
senators will now consider a "skinny" repeal, which would scale back some of the more controversial parts of Obamacare. seven Republicans opposed the repeal-only plan on Wednesday, which included a two-year delay on a replacement in the hope of finding agreement before that time e
Ms Churcher was the first and so far only female director of the national gallery of australia. she was known as Betty blockbuster as a result of the large-scale exhibitions she organised at the gallery. in later years, she continued to promote Australian and international art to the public
credit rating agencies, in essence, rate a country on the strength of its economy. they score governments (or large companies) on how likely they are to pay back debt. a high credit rating means a lower interest rate (and vice versa)
the second trial includes a charge of genocide related to killings of Vietnamese and Cham Muslim minorities. the Khmer rouge ruled Cambodia for four years, from 1975 to 1979. up to two million people are thought to have died of starvation, overwork or by execution under the brutal
the magazine was caught up in a high-profile obscenity trial in the uk in 1971. "our wonderful Richard has gone on to his next adventure," his widow says.
the duo are the first Robins players to agree to join Guernsey FC. they are in the squad for the trip to herne bay in isthmian league division one south. if the pair play they will become the first non-guern
status of EU citizens working in the UK is likely to be top of the agenda in formal Brexit talks. labour's Eluned Morgan said that EU migrants contribute "far far more" than they take out across the uk. "we're not going to stop people from moving around or throw people
Norwegian forest cat Clive vanished from his home in Toton, in October 2014. he was found at the Kennelgate Pet Superstores warehouse, about two miles away. using a cat trap, the staff managed to apprehend him and reunited him with his owner
super-fan was watching the Ipswich v Norwich match at home when he scored a goal. in his excitement Ross leaped into the air and accidentally punched the hole. goal-scorer Paul Anderson offered to pay for the repairs.
employees alleged to have been living and working in the country illegally. firms have been asked to produce documents proving their staff had the right to work and live in the UK. if they are unable to do so the home office said they would impose a fine of up to
Sebastian Vettel passes mark webber after a tussle with webber with 13 laps to go. webber led after the final pit stops but Vettel passed Webber. mercedes team-mate nico rosberg obeyed an order to stay behind
Ms pinkney, who currently works for Sussex police, will be the first woman to hold the top position in the Hampshire and Isle of Wight force. she will take over from Andy marsh on 4 April. her appointment was unanimously recommended by the Hampshire Police and Crime Panel.
Kurt Walker and Brendan Irvine lose to mykola butsenko and niall farrell in the semi-finals. Sean McComb misses out on a bronze medal after losing to england's Luke McCormack in the 64kg division.
team brewster clinch men's place at european championships in braehead. team murdoch won 7-2 9-5 at dewars centre in best-of-five tournament decider. Glen Muirhead, brother of winning skip, plays third for team muir
Galway lost their Connacht title to Roscommon in the final of the championship. donegal beat longford and meath to return to winning ways. Cian Mulligan is the only injury concern for the dons.
the timing of the referendum hinges on when other EU leaders agree to his proposed changes to the UK's relationship with the EU. current speculation is centring around June, July or September this year with few thinking it could be next year. the PM has already ruled out holding it in the first week
shadow leader of the house jokes that cries of "don't panic!" are heard around 10 downing street as the government tries to organise its policies on Brexit. Mr Perry, who also created sitcom hi-de-Hi, died on Sunday aged 93. commons
former england striker Bent says playing in the play-offs was a harsh lesson. the goal was the former ipswich striker's first since coming off the bench in march. he scored 12 goals in 17 games during a loan spell at the
Baftas 2017: as it happened Grammys mix hip flasks with politics. new york fashion week: six talking points.
Sean Welsh put thistle ahead from the penalty spot after Ryan Dow fouled Kris doolan. Craig curran fired against the post before Chris Burke equalised for county. this is county's first league defeat since the opening day of the season.
convoy of at least 260 lorries carrying Russian aid has now halted, after moving towards the border. the key question now is what Russia does next - if it takes the convoy across the border, it will be seen by the Ukrainian authorities as a major provocation.
the 1,700-year-old mosaics were found on the site of a development in Leicester. they were the largest found in the city for 150 years. now city mayor Sir Peter Soulsby has confirmed they will form part of the £7m revamp of the nearby jewry wall
Ipsos Mori surveyed more than 1,000 adults between 19 and 25 march. many of those questioned seemed to favour going beyond the Smith Commission proposals. giving Holyrood power to increase benefits and old age pensions scored 7.3 out of 10.
the World Food Prize aims to recognise efforts to increase the quality and quantity of available food. Dr. adesina said that 98% of the world's 800 million undernourished people live in africa. he added that the level of productivity of the African agricultural sector was "so
the officer was carrying a handgun in the railway station in inverness. police Scotland said the officer had breached new force policy. a spokesman said he had been reminded of the strict criteria.
El Nino is a naturally occurring weather episode that sees the warm waters of the central Pacific expand eastwards towards north and south America. the current episode is the strongest since 1998 and is expected to be among the three most powerful ever recorded. around 31 million people are said to be facing food in
researchers at Massachusetts general hospital have taken the first steps towards creating usable engineered kidneys. they stripped an old kidney of all its old cells to leave a honeycomb-like scaffold. the remaining web of proteins looks just like a kidney, including an intricate network of blood vessels and drainage pipes
university of wisconsin successfully claimed that apple used its microchip technology without permission in some iPhones and iPads. the case relates to use of the technology in the iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 plus. an additional lawsuit making the same claim against apple's newest models, the 6
steam train Tornado will run two return journeys a day between parts of cumbria and Yorkshire from the 14 to the 16 of february.
challenge is a BBC Get Inspired and public health england's one you campaign. nine-week plan starts with brisk walk and ends with a 5k run. choose your trainer from some familiar faces.
a National Marine Centre for Scotland is designed to be built at the existing Seabird centre in north Berwick. an interactive experience is planned to inspire people to care for the natural environment above and below the waves. the centre has secured £3.3m Heritage Lottery funding but needs another £2m if
exit checks set to particularly affect cross-channel ferry and Channel Tunnel travellers. government said they were needed to combat illegal immigration. initial reports suggest the new system had started without any major problems.
british gymnast Beth tweddle takes bronze in uneven bars final. russia's Aliya mustafina wins gold ahead of china's he kexin. the 27-year-old has won four world titles and is the most decorated bri
pearce signs three-year contract with the addicks. former latics defender made 33 appearances last season. becomes the seventh signing of the summer transfer window.
repairs to the 140-year-old structure have taken two years. more than 50 miles of new planking and 500,000 fixings have been used. the pier is expected to be fully operational by mid-April.
amirah droudis, 37, will spend at least 33 years in jail for killing a woman in 2013. her boyfriend, manharon monis, took 18 people hostage in a cafe in central Sydney. the siege ended with the deaths of monis
pac chairman Lord patten said he "couldn't have been expected to know" about the sum. mark Thompson told MPs the trust had put him under "ferocious pressure" to make redundancies. he was asked about a £949,000 pay-
Accies held to a 1-1 draw at home to Kilmarnock in the scottish championship. a combination of poor finishing and good goalkeeping denied the hosts a breakthrough. souleymane volley for the hosts just after the break was well saved by Gary
Simon church scores an 89th-minute penalty to equalize for northern ireland. Craig cathcart put the visitors ahead before substitute church won and scored.
Kieran McGrath, 26, was shot after leaving the sheldon arms pub in october 2014. he drove to a police station but died after collapsing near the front door. the gun used to kill him was the same one used in the murder of
the 39-year-old is among the favourites to succeed mark warburton at ibrox. but he insists he has had no contact with the scottish champions. despite his lack of senior managerial experience, he says he would "run back"
senators from various parties demanded that senators apologise. senators insisted their actions were misunderstood. speaker said incidents were "so serious they offended persons and senators"
at least four forged australian passports were used in the killing of al-mabhouh. the originals belonged to australians living in Israel. australia's foreign minister said this was "not the actions of a friend"
leyla and arif yunus say case was politically motivated. both still face separate charges of treason, which carries a life sentence. azerbaijan has cracked down hard on political opponents.
three prisoners have been recaptured while 57 others remain at large. authorities warn that the escaped inmates pose a serious threat to the safety of the area. the prison in Lae has seen repeated similar escapes over the past years.
tries from Laura Keates, Amy cokayne, Emily scarratt and Lydia Thompson secure victory for the world champions. england will look to complete a hat-trick by beating Ireland in dublin on Saturday. the women have won their first six nations title since 2012
the clerics were trying to negotiate the release of security personnel held by jihadist militants. the town of arsal was the scene of fierce fighting between the two sides last year. "the explosion definitely targeted this meeting," a resident of the town tells AFP.
the new oath drops the reference to God for the first time since Guides began in 1910. Brownies and Guides currently vow to "to love my God, to serve my queen and my country"
some 563 illegal immigrants held or arrested by port of dover police officers last year. the number of detentions and arrests is up from 148 in 2013, a freedom of information request shows. 46 illegal immigrants were detained or arrested at dover between January and April.
Gibraltar is equipping its tourist attractions with QR codes - "quick response" barcodes that can be scanned with a mobile phone. these black-and-white pixelated images have been around for more than two decades. only 11% of UK smartphone users scanned one
billericay are eighth in the isthmian league, three points adrift of a play-off place. the 30-year-old was runner-up in i'm a celebrity get me out of here in 2011.
Lee Evans gave Bradford the lead from close range. devante col restored Bradford's lead just before the hour. an own goal two minutes later put the game out of reach.
employee was walking towards a freezer room in the warehouse's main bay when it happened. he required skin grafts to repair the damage to his right leg. council's environmental health team found no rear beacon on the forklift truck and a broken light.
Irish human rights and equality commission says burden of crisis fell on those least able to bear it. chief commissioner Emily Logan says government failed to meet basic human rights standards. report comes ahead of a UN Committee in Geneva next week where Ireland will be asked to defend its record on human rights.
lord heseltine tells commons the uk would never be world-beating economy without better education. he calls for "much bigger devolution to the people who know where the [failing] schools are" on improving literacy and numeracy: "we need it across
the Basques are a mountainous people in northern spain and southern france. they speak a language that is unrelated to any other spoken in the world. their ancestors mixed with local hunters before becoming isolated for millennia.
keeper Stephen bywater, Tom flanagan, John mousinho, Ben Turner, marvin sordell, and shaun barker offered new deals by the brewers. midfielders Lee Williamson, callum Reilly and Charlie gatter are also leaving.
it's 2017 is and there's plenty going on to look forward to. so to get you ready we've put together a video with loads to look out for.
"i want a labour prime minister - and that means Jeremy Corbyn being prime minister," he said. the health secretary said he had not backed the party's leader in the last two leadership contests. "i don't think we will be wiped out here
the £14.6m college is part of a major overhaul of post-16 education by Flintshire council. first minister carwyn Jones will open the facility, based at Coleg cambria's deeside campus, on friday.
Walters has signed a two-year deal with the clarets. the 33-year-old scored 62 goals in 269 appearances for the potters. he becomes burnley's second signing after full-back Charlie Taylor.
ruben aguirre was best known for his role in the long-running children's tv series, where he played the teacher, professor Jirafales. he had been very ill for some time and died in his home in Puerto valarta.
duffy joins Featherstone on a one-year contract after leaving Swinton lions. the 37-year-old will lead the third-placed side in their final league game on saturday. duffy played for leigh, Widnes and salford
a week earlier, she was restrained by police and ambulance staff in a case of post-partum psychosis. the coroner ruled the use of restraint was not a factor in the death. her widower, Anthony Gibson-Watt, thanked the
the 22-year-old is due to have a medical this week. he has played 40 times in la liga, the first five of which were for espanyol. it had been thought that Zlatan Ibrahimovic would be Mourinho's first signing.
french embassies, consulates, cultural centres and schools will be closed as a precaution. government ministers voiced concern at the Charlie Hebdo cartoons. the magazine has confirmed that its website has been attacked.
magda and Miguel Tilli launched an estate agent business specialising in renting houses in Lisbon city centre. to keep start-up costs down, the couple initially listed their available properties only on facebook. but to build up a decent reputation, they hired professionals to take all the photos.
130th anniversary of the first Sherlock Holmes book. visitors to maze can put their own detective skills to the test.
the FBI has ordered apple to assist it with unlocking an iPhone used by gunman Syed Farook. prince alhussein said the law enforcement agency "deserves everyone's full support" in its investigation. he said encryption was essential in the interests of freedom.
green slime appeared when polluted water was discharged from lake Okeechobee. algae can be harmful to plants, animals and humans if ingested. governor Scott blames water storage limitations and the federal government.
"that is it and there will be no more after this one, absolutely," says show's creator. storyline of the final series has centred around the rape of actress Trish winterman. "there's an incredible amount of support out there for people who survive these crimes," says
four people in the front row of the carriage were among those most seriously hurt. Vicky balch, 20, from Lancashire, had six rounds of surgery to save her leg. leah Washington, 17, from barnsley, also had one of her legs amputated.
the claims of head coach Sean Holley and forwards coach Jonathan Humphreys will also be assessed. Johnson will become Scotland boss Andy Robinson's senior assistant coach. the Ospreys stopped a run of three defeats with a 17-12 win over Cardiff blues.
tonga full-back Veainu raced on to Tommy bell's grubber to make it 22-3 at the break. he then sent Peter Betham over in the corner to earn the bonus point for Leicester. Greg bateman pin-balled over to add a
Abendanon has won the european player of the year award, the third time a french-based english player has won it. but since the 2011 rugby world cup, an RFU rule has said only those involved in domestic rugby can play for England. the 28-year-old moved from bath to
the survey indicates satisfaction fell from 70% to 58% last year. the largest annual drop since it started in 1983. government said the survey contradicted its poll among patients.
take our boxing personality test to find out which boxing great you are. will your choices see you matched to lennox Lewis, or perhaps you'll come out as the greatest of all time - Muhammad Ali. the fight between antony josh and wladi
Jeremy browne attended talks with various french authorities earlier this month. "the meeting with the french central bank was the worst I have had anywhere in the EU " he wrote. he acknowledged that the french were possibly simply taking tough negotiating positions.
northern ireland take on germany in a euro 2016 qualifier in paris on monday. manager o'Neill hitch-hiked with some german fans during a scouting trip in 2012. he said he "wanted to go to the tournament
Burton boss Nigel Clough's perfect record against Leeds ends in defeat. Leeds remain without an away win in the championship. souleymane Doukara seals the win in injury time.
notts beat 183-7 at Trent bridge to win by five wickets. hales hits nine sixes and nine fours in first six overs of innings. England opener almost equals Chris Gayle's fastest-ever T20 century. northants beat Worcestershire by 24-run
Luke judge, 34, learned of 11-year-old's plight after meeting her uncle in Greece. he spent??25,000 of his own savings to fund treatment in paris. the youngster previously raised money for cancer patients in Yemen.
the red rose lost their last nine wickets for 31 runs on their way to a 242-run thrashing. it was Lancashire's heaviest defeat in one-day cricket. Neil Wagner has been called up by new zealand for their Test series.
RNLI says decision to remove coxswain Andy hibbs was due to a "serious risk" he denies the claim he broke the volunteers' code of conduct. the station was unmanned for the weekend and members of the public attended a silent protest
the remains of the creatures were unearthed in south west china and are about 190 million years old. they belong to a group of dinosaurs called lufengosaurus, long-necked beasts that fully grown would have stood about 9m (30ft) in
northern ireland defeated the host nation to reach the second stage. it was the first time they had qualified for a major tournament since 1958.
independent inquiry finds 20 major failures from 2004 to 2013 at furness general hospital. health secretary Jeremy hunt said the tragedy was "a second mid staffs" report criticises the wider NHS for the way it monitored and regulated events.
prosecutors say there was not enough evidence to convict Corey lewandowski. he had been charged with simple battery after reporter said he forcibly grabbed her arm. prosecutor: "the evidence cannot prove all legally required elements of the crime alleged"
a concept car on which the new Defender will be based is set to make its debut at the Frankfurt motor show. going from a rugged Defender to a flashy-looking Evoque is a major step. the new car is expected to broaden land rover's customer
both deny gross negligence manslaughter in the death of two-year-old Kian passey. he was found dead in an overflowing bath by his ex-partner, court hears. "i don't want any pity. i was stupid for
Lib dem Mohammed bashir won the Woking Borough council seat in Surrey by 16 votes in may 2012. a judge ruled there had been corrupt and illegal practices. charges were brought after police investigated allegations that postal votes were fraudulently submitted.
more than 150,000 people visited the disused Tropicana site in weston. eight vehicles and 20 volunteers will take leftovers from the exhibition to a camp in northern france. the camp only has basic sanitation and has "grown from 400 people three weeks ago to more than 1,000, with families
ex-french minister for health and sport roselyne Bachelot said Nadal's seven-month absence in 2012 was "probably due to a positive doping test" but the 29-year-old has denied ever doping and the spanish Olympic committee said he had passed
US navy said on 8 April that the Carl vinson strike group was travelling to the Korean peninsula amid tensions over Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions. but the group was actually farther away over the weekend, moving through the sunda Strait into the Indian Ocean. it is not clear whether
Patrick and his son William are accused of murdering Bernard McGinley. he was shot dead outside a wedding in newtownbutler in february. the two men are to be released on conditions including a £50,000 cash surety and daily reports to police.
online public survey opens on friday to asses residents' views. survey will gauge support for replacing some stations with more accessible facilities. PCC said operational policing was already running at maximum efficiency.
world number one novak djokovic beaten by serbian in quarter-finals. serb served 21 aces as he dominated in high winds in madrid. world number two will face david ferrer in the other semi-final.
the idea for a new bridge to ease congestion in reading town centre has been circulating for 40 years. there are three main routes over the Thames in the area, two in Caversham, reading and one in sonning, wokingham. the bridge and any road alterations would cost between £
the 33-year-old has agreed a one-year contract with english club chelsea. ex-genoa and braga man "will provide experienced cover and competition" find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
in its 36th year, the great north run will have more countries represented in a single running event in history. if you'd like to get into running, take a look at our special guide.
18-year-old scored twice on his united debut in the Europa league against midtjylland. scored again in his first premier league game against arsenal. called into the senior england squad less than three minutes into his first international appearance.
gotabhaya Rajapaksa charged with allowing a private firm to establish a floating armoury. it is claimed the move deprived the state of more than $75m (£57m) he served as defence secretary during the presidency of his brother, Mahinda
independent country politician releases satirical ad in wake of Orlando shootings. 71-year-old says he thought the ads were "brilliant" and "screamingly funny" australian prime minister Malcolm turnbull called on Mr Katter to withdraw ads.
new measure could lead to delays of up to three years before new drugs are made available. plan was agreed by the national institute for health and care excellence amid mounting pressure on NHS funds. drugs that are assessed as being cost-effective are automatically recommend for use in the NHS.
Accrington Stanley beat Bradford city 1-0 at the britannia stadium on saturday. it was the second time that Stanley have beaten the Bantams this season. Bradford's first home defeat of the season came in the first half.
CAS said it provided advice on emergency food providers 7,400 times in 2014/15. a total of 71% told researchers they cut down on food when they were faced with a gap in their income. the Scottish government is set to gain control of some aspects of welfare in September.
harry Podmore goes straight into the squad for the opening county championship match. the 22-year-old seamer will be available for an initial period of a month. front-line bowlers Timm van der gugten, Graham wagg, michael hogan
Jack duggan's late winner secures a 1-0 victory at home to northampton. the win sets up a third-round tie at Wycombe in the FA cup in January. manager Rob Page says: "the better team won and that hurts me"
Lyon beat besiktas 2-1 in the uefa champions league. the game kicked off 45 minutes late with violence behind one goal. about 500 police reportedly stationed at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
joint accounts will see protection cut from £170,000 to £150,000. the maximum compensation across the eu is set at €100,000. a senior tory MP described the change as "defective"
Surman spent last season on loan at Bournemouth. he was also at the club during the 2005-06 season. the 28-year-old joined Norwich in 2010 and made 58 appearances.
Prince buaben signs a one-year deal with hearts after impressing on trial. the Ghanaian joins fellow new signings james Keatings, soufian el hassnaoui and alim ozturk.
callum Bradbury, Ryan Conbeer and Phil Jones claimed tries for Wales. Giovanni D'Onofrio and Dario Schiabel crossed for italy.
Trevor deely, 22, was last seen walking home from a christmas party in 2000. garda said the search will involve excavations and is expected to take weeks. CCTV footage from the night he went missing was enhanced using specialist technology.
the national league club's ground is undergoing refurbishments this summer. the Hive, home of barnet, hosted arsenal for the 2017 spring series. former WSL 1 champions arsenal have given a new deal to goalkeeper Sari van Veenendaal.
under armour replaced reebok as the kit supplier for all Wales international teams in 2008. the original contract was worth roughly £2.5m a year, the new deal will see the annual fee rise to around £3.7m. this renewal will be the first major deal overseen by new WRU
double points rule was introduced for the final race of 2014 to keep championship alive. but it was criticised by drivers, teams and fans for being unfair and artificial. agreement needs ratifying at a meeting of the FIA World Motor Sport Council.
labour leader unveils party's better plan for business on first day of election campaigning. spokesman for Siemens says Labour has "over-stepped the mark" by quoting its chief executive. "we would be devastated - as a company that loves London and wants to be in London
Tigers are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish in the league for the first time since 2003-04 season. director of rugby Richard cockerill has been sacked after a season of struggle. they are a point behind fourth-placed bath with five games remaining
Eastleigh started brightly and broke the deadlock in the seventh minute. macclesfield had the ball in the net again seven minutes after the interval. eastleigh nearly equalised in the 70th minute but ayo obsileye's header clattered against a post
the three brothers appeared at Belfast crown court on tuesday. charges arose from incidents in 2013. brothers pleaded guilty to a number of drugs offences.
18-year-old has just released an iPad edition of Yahoo's news digest. he is also developing an apple watch version, among other projects. news Digest has already been downloaded to about 1.3 million iphones and 623,000 android handsets.
Southampton's leading scorer Charlie Austin could be involved for the first time since dislocating his shoulder. Claude puel surprised by reports linking him with a move away from st mary's. arsenal's clash with manchester city will be a rematch of the
the queen, who turns 90 this week, can imitate the distinctive local brogue "beautifully" her cousin, Margaret Rhodes, said the monarch is still "full of laughter" and enjoys telling amusing tales. the queen will spend her birthday, on 21 April, at
police called to the Bristol road south branch, in northfield, at 11:45 GMT. reports a female member of staff was being held hostage in an interview room. police said it is understood a firearm was produced, but no threats were made. the suspect, aged 60, surrendere
man, 26, suffered serious injuries in the incident in high street. he is expected to appear at Paisley sherriff court at a later date.
Scott initiated the investigation into a "disappointing" olympic campaign. the australian has been performance director since 2007. he will step aside at the end of the month.
Phelps could win his 23rd gold in the 4x100m medley relay on Saturday. the american will end his Olympic career by competing in the final race in the pool. schooling, 21, won in an Olympic record time of 50.39 seconds.
Sam chambers, coach of weedon bec primary school, sent his CV to the FA. ladbrokes has made him a 1,000/1 outsider for the job. chambers says he has the passion to be a success.
three-year-old dexter neal was mauled by an american bulldog on thursday. he was not one of the four breeds banned under the 1991 act. Andrew rosindell, mp for Romford, said resources should be used to
the 58-year-old has slipped to 100 in the world rankings. he failed to make a half-century break at Ponds forge. china's Ding Junhui defeated Ireland's Greg Casey 10-4.
the victim was set upon by up to eight men in the Heights area. a 30-year-old man was arrested but has since been released on police bail.
the coastguard received the alert just before 23:00 GMT on saturday. the women had no phone signal so were only able to contact the emergency services. a police helicopter took them to hospital for treatment.
Cagney the lhasa apso was trapped for about an hour in her home in salford. her owner had been searching for the pooch until she "heard a whimper" and saw her back legs sticking out of the chair. despite her or
leopard, two lynx and two ring-tailed lemurs found at animalarium. owners Alan and Jean Mumbray admitted not having correct paperwork. they were fined and told the animals would be found new homes.
'al-Furqan' was among the few remaining founding members of IS. he oversaw the production of propaganda videos showing executions. experts say he had no public profile prior to his death.
bragg admitted manslaughter and was sentenced to five years and four months. he initially denied the killing, but changed his plea on the second day of his trial. friends overheard bragg saying "one of these days I'm going to kill her"
incident happened within the grounds of the city's bus station in Smithfield street. eyewitness: "i was on the phone and I heard a bang, I looked up to see what had happened." translink: "our thoughts and our sympathies are with the family and relations and friends
the 69-year-old's Yamaha collided with a Nissan car. he was airlifted to Noble's Hospital, where he later died. investigations are ongoing in relation to the crash.
bottas is Ferrari's number one option should they decide not to retain Kimi Raikkonen. sources close to the deal say Ferrari and Williams have discussed his transfer. the 2009 world champion would bring his career full circle to Williams in 2016.
actor recalled early meetings with 007 film director Guy Hamilton. said they wanted to avoid "deliberate" comparisons. interview came ahead of new Bond movie Skyfall.
8,640 people in Scotland wait longer than six weeks for a council care assessment. the average "worst case" is between two weeks and five months. longest delay of 18 months recorded in 2014/15.
people are being asked to send in photographs of rabbits and hares to help map the UK population. rabbits have been hit by myxomatosis and other viral diseases. data will be used in a national atlas of mammals to support conservation and research projects.
Teresa Wade, 57, Victoria Montgomery, 54, her daughter Roxanne Montgomery, 33 and Tony Hammond, 34, admitted fraud at basildon crown court. all four admitted handling about 750 puppies between July 2013 and October 2014. the animals were sold for an average of £450 each.
all four men refused to consent to extradition when appearing at court. the men are due to appear before magistrates again on 20 November. they were held as part of raids in six european countries, led by italian authorities.
analysts say the launch line-up of channels is "not immediately desirable" and would struggle to attract satellite TV customers. discovery communications is providing the best-known pay-TV channels to the service. viewers will be able to pay for curated "channels" of programmes to stream on-demand
the OFT investigated online agents Booking.com, expedia and hotel group IHG. it initially suspected the deals infringed competition law as they limited price competition. but it has now enabled such deals subject to certain conditions.
shares in financial services group old mutual, which has interests in south africa, sank more than 10%. shares in mining giant Glencore jumped 7% after it announced plans to speed up the rate at which it cuts its debts. investors welcomed full-year results from holiday group Tui, sending
the list is a countdown of the year's most popular songs voted for by listeners of the alternative music station. readers were encouraged to tweet #Tay4Hottest100 to get the song on the list. some thought the social media campaign was too much of an influence
the super league side have played at the ground, which is owned by bank of ireland, since 1895. as it stands, their lease will terminate at the end of December. the wildcats were hoping to move to a purpose-built stadium for the start of 2015.
a picture of the queen, the prince of Wales, prince William and prince George, for stamps to mark the monarch's birthday has been released. the queen met staff and viewed an exhibition at Windsor's Royal Mail delivery office in the first of a series of events to mark her 90th
"i don't think it has been good for our sport, to a large degree, we have all lost," said Brady. the 38-year-old can now play on 10 September against the Pittsburgh steelers. "i can't wait to fully commit my energy and emotion to focus on
the listing, planned for July, could make it the world's biggest technology IPO this year. line is looking to raise funds to expand into the us and help it compete with rivals such as facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and china's weChat. the app first made its debut in 2011 and
Joel warwick denied misconduct and said it was mutual flirting. panel said his actions in 2015 were so serious it had to suspend him. he started working at the spalding station in august 2014.
warsop parish council said it was "essential" to the area and it would fight to keep it open. the centre, which dates from the 1960s, was closed for six months in 2014 after an inspection identified fire safety concerns. officials have said renovation or rebuilding costs could cost between
Russian officials confirmed the consul's death. initial signs suggested he died of natural causes. police said there had been no obvious break-in.
Renault chairman and chief executive officer Carlos Ghosn hinted the company's relationship with red bull is likely to end this year. the french manufacturer has an engine supply contract with the team until 2016. but red bull are doing "necessary due diligence" in talking to other engine suppliers
council has set out its preferred options for the broadcaster. lands to the rear of Belfast central library, a site north of great Patrick street could be suitable. Ulster university is currently building a major extension to its Belfast campus.
firefighters used a 30ft (9m) ladder to bring them to safety. engines from wigan and hindley were mobilised at about 13:55 BST. a 28-year-old man was stuck up a tree as he tried to recover his pet.
a group of criminals are believed to be targeting industrial estate several times a week. west Midlands police said they will put in place extra measures to help businesses. those with units at the site say they are worried not enough is being done.
excise commissioner in southern state of Kerala says stare could get a man jailed. video of his statement has gone viral in the state, sparking humorous reactions. "a case can be filed against men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds," he said.
the 87-year-old will co-host Strictly's children in need special on 13 November. the special will feature four stars from call the midwife. it will be hosted by sir Terry wogan, Tess daly, fearne cotton, Rochelle
the deal provides 48 countries with duty-free access to Britain for imports. it means British firms do not pay import tariffs on goods bought from countries such as Bangladesh and Haiti. the list of countries - which also includes Ethiopia, Sierra Leone, and Uganda - is based on the UN
Claire Lomas was paralysed from the chest down in a riding accident in 2007. she broke her neck, back and ribs and punctured a lung when her horse threw her off. the 36-year-old, who is 16 weeks pregnant, said she was "
six suicide attackers and an Afghan security guard were killed in the attack. a minibus was detonated but another bomb-laden car was defused. the attack comes shortly after the return from the us of president hamid karzai.
some couples are even undergoing fake divorces in order to buy additional homes. central bank has tried to clamp down on rising prices but that has done little to allay the woes of young workers.
two men, aged 18 and 21, from Old Swan and Huyton, have been arrested. detectives have arrested six people as part of the inquiry but no-one has been charged.
former anti-corruption chief Thuli madonsela investigates allegations of corruption. she alleges that he let the wealthy Gupta family wield undue influence in his government. former finance minister Mcebisi Jonas said the family offered him the finance minister
ministers say it is a "balance of risk" and will stop children smoking. tattoo parlours will also need licences under the public health bill. public health Wales, local health boards and the BMA are in favour of the curbs. anti-smoking campaign
the 20-year-old tells BBC sport he is motivated by trophies not money. sterling has two years left on a contract worth £35,000 a week. reports have linked him with moves to manchester city,arsenal and bayern munich.
hong kong is one of the world's most unequal places in terms of income distribution. the poverty rate among people over 65 years of age has risen by 19% between 2009 and 2014. a social enterprise mainly hires elderly workers at its four restaurants and the organic farm it uses
goldman Sachs led the risers, up 0.24%. sportswear giant Nike led the fallers, down 1.2%. oil prices increased ahead of a deal to cut production.
event will feature a number of Rio 2016 paralympic medallists. it will be the first opportunity for judoka to pick up world ranking points in the Tokyo 2020 cycle. judo for blind and visually-impaired athletes is similar to the sighted sport.
CQC's first inspection since the university hospitals of north Midlands NHS trust was created in November. inspectors visited county hospital, formerly Stafford hospital, and royal Stoke university hospital. trust said it was "highly complimentary" about the standard of care in some areas.
cotter has secured a return to france with Montpellier for next year. the decision was made to put Gregor townsend in place in June. he has named his squad for November's autumn internationals.
Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19bn (£14.6bn) in 2014 as a way to reach a younger audience. it is to appeal against the order. the data watchdog said that Facebook and WhatsApp were independent companies.
"this is not the reunion people have been hoping for," his spokeswoman says. the tribute to the show's creator is set to be aired on NBC on 21 february. as well as Friends, burrows worked behind the camera on sitcoms including Cheers and
the biggest football match in the nation's history ended 2-0 to Portugal in the semi-final. more than 20,000 supporters were estimated to have travelled to Lyon for the match. prime minister david cameron and first minister carywn Jones were among those to praise the team.
mosques will offer refreshments and "insight" into how they run. leaders from other religions have also been invited. MCB has raised concerns about anti-Muslim sentiment since 17 people were killed in Paris last month.
the 38-year-old has been linked with the vacant national job following the departure of Sam allardyce. howe guided Bournemouth to premier league safety last season after winning the championship title in 2015. "the job, I think, is the ultimate," he told the premier league
Chancellor George Osborne tells the BBC the referendum issue is "deadly serious" but former Chancellor Lord Lawson says warning is "absurd" because 15 of its members are outside the EU. ukIP leader Nigel farage says the announcement is "no surprise"
Daniel Smith was just 21 when he was commended for his brave actions in Iraq. he has since found it difficult to get treatment, his marriage has failed and he is struggling to find work. for a number of nights each week, he parks in a lay-by and sleep
Donald Trump said that if she wins the presidency, she would put liberal justices on the supreme court. that sparked an online backlash, many accusing him of inciting violence. john avlon: a verbal misstep can be devastating. mr
the NUS is seeking to mobilise the student vote against MPs who voted to almost treble tuition fees. "we won't let them trade lies for power again," says NUS president Toni pearce. the coalition government's decision to raise tuition fees in England provoked
home office says it is "committed to tackling modern slavery" in Nigeria. more than 2,000 potential trafficking victims were referred to the authorities in 2014. the highest number of potential victims was identified as being from Albania.
as people age, their cells age, causing DNA protectors to shorten and fray. but health and lifestyle factors may speed up the process, researchers say. telomere length is one indicator of biological age, which does not always match chronological age.
police fire tear gas, water cannon and smoke grenades as they try to disperse protesters. Deputy prime minister Bulent arinc apologises for violent police response to protests. protests over the demolition of a park in Istanbul have grown into days
prices were up to 5.4% compared to the same quarter in 2015. in the previous four quarters the annual rise was more than 7%. average standardised price, across all property types, is just over £124,000.
the best-selling author of fatherland and archangel was speaking at the presentation of the 2014 Costa book prize. a BBC spokesman said books and authors were "at the heart" of the corporation.
Samuel Armstrong, 23, is charged with two counts of rape and one of sexual assault. he has been suspended from his position as chief of staff to south Thanet's tory MP Craig Mackinlay. the charge follows an alleged incident at parliament in October.
half of freeston academy in Normanton, near wakefield, was ablaze at one point. fire service said there were no injuries and students were unaffected. residents were advised to keep windows closed and stay inside.
Warriors are laying a new organic surface at their home ground at sixways. they join Saracens and Newcastle in playing their home games on an all-weather pitch. their three pre-season matches are all away while their new home is being prepared.
the FTSE 100 was down 0.62% or 46.33 points at 7,478.62 at the end of trading on wednesday. banking stocks were among the top risers, with Lloyds Banking Group up 1.65% and RBS adding 1.35%. pharmaceutical companies tumbled
ransomware is a form of malware which infects a victim's computer, locking it. it demands that a ransom - often in bitcoins - be paid in order to restore access. systems at Hollywood Presbyterian medical center had been affected for more than a week
40-year-old woman suffers traumatic brain injury after falling from her mount. airlifted to southmead hospital, Bristol, where she will be moved to neurological ward. topwood beau, a 14 year-old gelding, was uninjured in the
David Haines was killed by so-called Islamic state fighters almost exactly one year ago. his brother Mike has been travelling the country spreading a message of religious tolerance. he said he had no hatred for young people radicalised by extremism.
the clerk of the house is the principal constitutional adviser to the commons. MPs have questioned the selection of Carol mills to replace the former Clerk Sir Robert Rogers, who retired in July. ex-Commons leader Andrew Lansley said he believed the appointment was mistaken.
chloe Stott, 18, is the daughter of a baby who was born on an air ambulance flight. the baby was christened Katy Ferguson leynair Devin, adopting the surname of the doctor who helped. captain Jamie bayley had to divert the
leader of the opposition made the remarks shortly after al-Qaeda chief was shot dead. a spokesman for mr corbyn defended the remarks saying he was "a total opponent of all it stands for" fellow contender Andy Burnham appealed to undecided voters, saying
leakey is former head of the Kenya wildlife service and was key to stemming the trade in illegal ivory. extreme measures to tackle poachers, including sending helicopter gunships into the national park, have helped Kenya's elephant and rhino populations recover from the brink of disaster. producer
BBC signs deal with 20th century Fox to show new episodes of family comedy. agreement also includes other seth macfarlane animated comedies. family guy has been a major part of the BBC's schedule since 2006.
wreath-laying ceremonies will take place in counties cork, meath, wexford, galway and Dublin. the rebellion is viewed as a seminal event in the founding of the state. more than 450 people were killed and 2,500 injured during the fighting.
theresa may appoints her first cabinet after taking over from david Cameron. mr Mundell has been the MP for dumfriesshire, clydesdale and tweeddale since 2005. both labour and the SNP said that the new Cabinet was worrying
list puts Irish band U2 at third place with £431m. pop veteran sir Elton John and Rolling Stones' frontman sir Mick Jagger follow. Adele tops the list for young music millionaires under the age of 30.
the father of four announced last year he had been diagnosed with inoperable bowel cancer. he was jailed in the us in 1990 after being convicted of smuggling cannabis. his autobiography, Mr Nice, was later made into a film starring Rhy
middlesex complete dramatic run chase with two balls remaining. Somerset set 302 to win from 46 overs at Taunton. a six from wicketkeeper John Simpson in final over wins match. defeat leaves Somerset sixth in county championship table.
the budget process is being delivered this week, with few sleeps and bargain-seeking days to christmas. there will be a squeeze of more than 5% (the Scottish government prefers a slightly different calculation rounding up to 6%) local government has been told to brace itself for some deep
a number of police investigations are under way into allegations surrounding the late entertainer. police say they are pursuing 120 separate lines of inquiry into the alleged abuse. the Sun newspaper has started a campaign to have the presenter's knighthood removed.
Chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in the FA cup quarter-final. n'golo kante scored the only goal in the game. the win means the blues could still win the double of league and cup.
league one manager of the month for february. wasps sit second in the table after three wins and a draw. the 35-year-old took charge in October after the departure of Jack Ross.
Leicester sacked claudio ranieri after just nine months in charge of the club. the italian turned a team that narrowly avoided relegation into champions. but the decision to sack the 65-year-old has sparked a wave of outrage.
Gareth colfer-williams, 25, died last week at his home in Swansea. an inquest will be opened and adjourned on Tuesday to allow further tests. since the outbreak began in November, 83 people have needed hospital treatment.
the 17-year-old posted a picture of Thomas mair on facebook the day the MP died. he said: "even if we do consider someone an enemy, i don't think they should be murdered" he denies the preparation of terrorist acts and a count of
shadow business secretary Clive Lewis resigns from the front bench. he was one of 52 labour MPs to defy party orders to back the bill. pm theresa may wants to trigger formal Brexit talks by the end of march.
ministers claim there has been a "relentless campaign of distortions and half-truths" the changes come into force on 1 April as a result of a revaluation of premises. ministers say three quarters of businesses' rates will either go down or stay the same
Ricky Miller scores his 19th goal of the season after 46 minutes. Moses Emmanuel makes it comfortable for the hosts. dover remain sixth and one point off the play-off places.
since making his first-class debut in 2014, the 21-year-old has claimed 43 wickets in 15 matches. Taylor produced career-best figures of 6-61 in Derbyshire's loss to lancashire last year. elite performance director Graeme welch says Taylor is an
four people badly injured when a carriage on the smiler ride hit an empty one. more than 30 firefighters worked alongside ambulance crews and engineers from Alton towers. it took four hours to free the last passengers on the ride.
banks colluded, using online chat rooms to co-ordinate fictitious bids and offers. banks are now likely to face prosecution at the country's competition tribunal over the alleged currency manipulation. opposition parties are calling for the banks to have their operating licences immediately revoked
british boxer will turn professional in the near future, says cordina. the 24-year-old lost in the last-16 of the lightweight division at the 2016 olympics. he trains in the same gym as IBF featherweight world champion Lee Selby.
four average 50mph enforcement cameras were installed in October. they went live on Monday and around 125-a-day have been caught in less than a week. cameras are the first to go into operation on a Welsh section of the M4.
the plants were found during the search of a warehouse near Ashbourne. a man in his late 40s was arrested at the scene.
pro-russian party puts forward two bills to be considered by the duma. one bill would speed up procedures for issuing Russian passports. the other bill would allow Ukrainians to apply for a Russian passport before 1 august.
new figures show the total number of teachers across Scotland has risen. but 12 council areas saw numbers fall, with the largest percentage drop in moray. opposition parties said numbers were still down over the long term.
van driver picked up the thief in Yeaman place in his red Renault Trafic van. as he dropped him off in Forbes Road, the robber pulled out a knife. he took a two-figure sum of money and left in the direction of Brunt
the 65-year-old was jailed for 15 months at the city's crown court. he had already admitted three firearms offences. former SAS soldier lofty wiseman described him as a "good lad"
the toilet, in a busy park in pudong new area, will have 10 unisex stalls, plus some urinals and a stall for disabled people. opening on 19 November will coincide with world toilet day. authorities are unsure whether citizens will embrace the idea
treason investigation into journalists at digital rights website has rocked germany. andre meister and Markus Beckedahl published classified documents on Netzpolitik. scandal has turned into a fiery national debate about freedom of the press, says julian zelizer.
space research is not for the squeamish, but if there is ever to be a long trek through space, medical knowledge of how humans cope will be essential. one european space agency project is investigating the properties of metals in a level of detail that cannot be matched down on the
central defender bartley has formed an impressive partnership with Pontus Jansson. the 25-year-old has been on loan from swansea since the start of the season. Leeds have kept clean sheets in their last two games and conceded just two goals.
about £11m will be spent on the upgrade at the hearts ground. the current main stand was built in 1919.
voters in north rhine-westphalia have yet to make their choice in the regional election. it has been years since the chancellor's party won here in germany's most populous state. the centre-left SPD currently rules in coalition with the greens.
russia agrees to buy $15bn of Ukrainian government bonds and slash the price of gas it sells to the country. a recording purported to be a hacked phone conversation between Ms nuland and US ambassador geoffrey Pyatt. the two speakers discuss
Patrick maloney, 43, died as a result of "multiple crushing injuries" a second man, Thomas McCarthy, 24, was previously charged with murder and remains in custody. a woman arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed until September.
dispute arose over whether Wales had power to set minimum wages. AMs passed a law last year to do so after the uk government abolished the Agricultural Wages Board. first minister carwyn Jones said the "significant" Supreme Court judgment "goes some way to clarifying
one direction say they'll continue as a four-piece after Zayn malik announced he was leaving the group last week. it was followed by rumours on twitter, Instagram and facebook that one direction was about to break up. band continued their on the road again tour and have
president Koroma has referred controversial abortion bill to constitutional review committee. law would allow women to terminate pregnancy up to 12 weeks and 24 weeks in cases of incest, rape and foetal impairment. abortion is currently illegal in Sierra Leone under any circumstances.
aid is believed to account for 5-6% of Kenya's total income. it is a rallying cry for african leaders. aid "often carries terms and conditions that preclude progress"
Christensen joined Fulham from FC midtjylland in 2012. he made his debut in 2014 and played 68 games for the club. the 22-year-old ended last season on loan at Burton Albion.
Konrad, 38, swam the equivalent of 290 lengths of an Olympic-size pool. friends became concerned when he failed to return for dinner. after up to 12 hours in the water, he had treatment for hypothermia symptoms.
a deal was made by the two main parties and the british and Irish governments. solutions were found on issues over paramilitarism and welfare reform. but a lack of consensus over how to deal with the past was a let-down to police and victims' families.
the original Cavern started life as a jazz venue in 1957 but by 1961 it was moving towards rock and roll. promoter Sam leach was instrumental in transforming the club's music policy away from the jazz favoured by owner Ray McFall. a 40-metre long light
Watson was beaten 7-6 (7-2) 6-2 by the Estonian Anett kontaveit. the 24-year-old faced 18 break points - compared to just one for her opponent.
if found guilty on the charge of negligence, she could be jailed for up to 10 years. anti-corruption agency has also called for her to be personally liable for losses to state coffers. she was removed by a court in may 2014, shortly before the military ousted
the limestone monument has already prompted its own hashtag #EdStone. it has already been mocked by David Cameron and Nick Clegg. but the labour leader said he wanted to be the first politician to "over deliver"
the project would see parkside and howdenburn primaries and jedburgh grammar school closed. it would see the creation of a new campus with all education for children aged from two to 18 in the area taking place on one site at hartrigge park. the ground was bought for housing by
comedian Norman collier, who died on Thursday, was living in a nursing home near his hometown of Hull. the eldest of eight children, he rose to fame on the club circuit, getting his big break on the royal variety show. "people would be permanently laughing whenever they were around
Leyton Orient suffer fourth successive defeat as crawley win for first time in seven matches. leading marksman James Collins scores 20th goal of the season midway through the half. Orient lose defender Tom parkes through injury before keeper Glenn Morris denies Steven alzate
William Stuart, 10, has autism and a condition called global developmental delay. without the stolen iPad he is more isolated than ever, his family say. "the iPad was William's only form of communication," said his father alastair.
EY Item Club says weaker pound will lead to higher inflation and unemployment. think tank expects inflation to rise to 3.1% by the end of 2017 before easing back to 2%. separate survey finds optimism in the financial services sector hit its lowest level since 2008.
the tours start in the Grassmarket, castle terrace and middle Meadow walk. each tour has a different theme and is tailored to the guide's individual experience. the venture has funding from the Edinburgh airport community fund.
two prisoners took their own lives at HMP woodhill last year. their relatives claimed the governor had not complied with prison service instructions. the governor and justice secretary said the judicial review claim was "neither appropriate or necessary"
it is nearly one year since a massive earthquake hit Nepal, killing thousands of people. many of the country's historic sites were severely damaged, including temples and monuments. we want to tell the story of what happened during the disaster - and how things have changed since then.
the dark knight rises marks the final instalment in director nolan's trilogy. critics have branded the film "humourless" and "overlong" many praised the film's directing skills, along with Christian bale's performance.
Hurst joined mansfield in June after being released by southend. he has made 16 appearances for the league two side this season. the 31-year-old could make his debut for Guiseley on saturday.
Charli xcx, Ella eyre and Lianne la havas will appear at Bestival. other festivals have been criticised for the lack of women on their bills. Neneh Cherry, andreya triana and radio 1 DJ B.Traits
the FTSE 100 ended down 55.78 at 5974.54 points, with anglo american the biggest loser. shares in British gas owner, Centrica, were the best performer, rising through the day to end up 7%. the pound was up 0.18% against the
the world anti-doping agency says many athletes who had been targeted for testing "simply could not be found" on some days, "up to 50% of tests were aborted", according to the report. of the 11,470 athletes, 4,125 had no record of any testing in 2016, of whom
note reading "die a painful death, Muslims" was in the envelope with the powder. initial tests showed that the powder is not hazardous, and the quarantine has been lifted. the package is now being passed to the FBI for further inspection.
Isobel Parker, 23, died at a property in Booth place, burnham-on-crouch. a post-mortem examination found she had been strangled with a ligature. her partner Shane said: "Becky was the best woman i could
Zhou Chengjian has been named as the country's 62nd richest person. he built Shanghai-based Metersbonwe into one of china's biggest and best-known companies. the company suspended trading in its shares over his unaccounted absence.
the launch of a new BBC Scotland channel was announced to staff on wednesday. staff, viewers and politicians were expecting to be told that plans for a "Scottish Six" had been shelved. there has been a widespread welcome for the idea of new channel, new
a plan for the system has been in place since 2007 but prescribing is still paper-based in Welsh hospitals. the scheme must be in place by 2023, but the WAO wants it brought in sooner. it said implementing one would result in a "much more effective and efficient
royal mail reported a 1% rise in revenue to £4.6bn for the half year to 25 september. the company was the biggest faller on the FTSE 100, the main share index. royal mail is now seeking cost savings of £600m a year, up from a
Strathspey steam railway runs locomotives along 10 miles (16km) of line between Aviemore and Broomhill. it needs three more miles of track (4.8km) to link up with Grantown-on-Spey.
a poll revealed 79% of germans don't want Britain to leave the EU. the real possibility that Britain may vote leave has generated a palpable sense of alarm in germany. angela Merkel's recent intervention in the referendum debate was carefully timed and co-ordinated with
one of the victims said she was angry and in disbelief and "went to have a little cry" panel chairman: "the registrant's conduct fell well short of what would be proper in the circumstances" he said her "sufficiently serious" actions posed a "significant risk
the show follows the fate of a group of young graduates as they begin to find their way in the world. it is the first Nigerian-produced musical to be performed at a london theatre.
prominent voices in music industry accuse YouTube of paying low royalties for music video streams. music manager Irving Azoff said artists were paid a "pittance" on the site. YouTube said it paid "a majority" - more than 50% - of its advertising income to music industry.
vivian gabb, 59, was in the final stages of buying a house when scammers struck. she was unaware that her email had been hacked and every email she wrote and received was being monitored by criminals. they sent her a message disguised as a follow-
incident happened on the a98, three miles from Fraserburgh. female driver, who was the only person in the vehicle, taken to hospital.
researchers have made a digital Argentinosaurus robot to work out how this 80-tonne monster would have moved its vast bulk. immense size of sauropods presents a quandary for biologists because they push animal bones and muscles to their limit. the study is published in an
braulio jatar was taken into custody on 3 September after publishing videos of a protest. he is an open supporter of the opposition and runs a news website in Venezuela. the committee to protect journalists called on Venezuela to "allow all journalists to report freely"
98% of respondents said owners should clean up after pets. 69% said dogs should be excluded from play areas. but 70% did not want to see dogs excluded from beaches.
the labor department says the economy added 321,000 jobs in November. that's well above analysts' forecasts of about 225,000 new jobs. banks and financial institutions topped the list of gainers on the Dow.
the international bomber command centre is being built in Lincolnshire. the centre is due to open in 2016 but a memorial spire has already been erected. it will be surrounded by a "wall of names" recording the 55,573 men who died.
four million drivers are set to take to UK roads on good Friday and 4.5 million on Easter Sunday. Arriva trains says passengers in Wales will face delays if travelling to London due to engineering works. motoring organisation the RAC said the millions travelling would make it "hectic" on UK roads
the bus was carrying a group of german pensioners at the time of the fire. the lorry's trailer was also incinerated and the burnt-out wreck ended up a short distance ahead of the bus. forensic teams had recovered the charred remains of 15 people and
the 37-year-old suffered the injury in the first innings of Sussex's county championship win over Worcestershire. it was only the Australian's second appearance of the season after he missed three of the club's previous four games with a knee injury.
Sharjeel Khan and Khalid latif share opening stand of 107. hosts reach target in 15 overs with six wickets remaining. third time England have lost by nine wickets in a row.
Ann maguire, 61, was stabbed to death by a 15-year-old pupil in Leeds in April. her attacker will cornick, now 16, was jailed for a minimum of 20 years in November. the plaque is displayed at the pavilion at Wigan's Mes
SNP leader urges voters to back Plaid in the may 2016 assembly election. ms Sturgeon said the leadership qualities of Ms wood were proved in the debates. plaid Cymru members in Aberystwyth enthusiastically applauded her endorsement.
incident took place on the train service between Dunblane and Edinburgh. guard on board was shouted and sworn at aggressively before being spat at. man was described as aged about 20-years-old, of skinny build and short blonde hair.
riots in a suburb of Ahmedabad left more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, dead. maya kodnani, an ex-minister, is the most senior figure so far convicted. she quit her post when she was arrested in 2009 in connection with the massacre
militants stormed a cafe in the capital, Dhaka, killing 20 hostages. two police officers also died and 30 were injured in the attack. the attackers belonged to a local militant group which has been banned for more than a decade.
former five-weight world champion submits necessary waiver to the Nevada athletic commission. the NAC said it expected to receive a request from McGregor on Wednesday. fights at 154lbs require 10oz gloves and matter will now be debated on 16 august.
the Federal Court told six firms to divulge names and addresses of those who downloaded the film. the case was lodged by the US company that owns the rights to the 2013 movie. releasing customer information would be a breach of privacy and lead to "speculative invoicing"
flower will miss the final Super eights game against catalans and semi-final. the 28-year-old was sent off in the first minute of the 2014 Grand Final. a disciplinary panel also fined the Wales international £300 for the grade C offence.
Nasa has set out a three part plan, which it hopes will eventually lead to humans living on Mars by the 2030s. in the "Proving Ground" part of their plan, they hope to be able to do experiments in a "deep space" environment. this will allow scientists and
shares of hewlett-packard fell 4% while services focussed hp rose 2.3%. the Dow Jones gained 19 points to close at 17,812, after a bumpy start. concerns about global political tensions weighed on early trading.
the girls were abducted from a school in Chibok in April 2014. they were freed during major operations ending in the seizure of four camps. weapons were also seized at the camps taken in the latest operation.
more than 500,000 Jews live in about 140 settlements built since Israel's 1967 occupation. the settlements are considered illegal under international law, though Israel disputes this. on friday, the US chose not to veto a UN Security council resolution calling for an end to settlement construction.
winger Kluivert came on as a 39th-minute substitute for the injured amin younes with the game goalless. he won two Dutch Eredivisie titles and the champions league during three years at Ajax between 1994 and 1997. the 40-year-old
there were 96,910 residential transactions in the uk in June, on a seasonally-adjusted basis. that is a fall of 3.3% on may's number, and the lowest total since October 2016. last summer's sales were depressed by the introduction
the Tykes have lost their last seven league games. they have also been knocked out of the FA cup by national league side altrincham. former Oldham boss jonathan Johnson admits it has been a "shocking run"
the jazz film is the follow up to oscar-winning film Whiplash. it stars stone as an aspiring actress in los angeles who meets a jazz pianist. the film also stars singer John legend and actor JK Simmons.
giant naan weighs 26kg (57lb 5oz) and measures 3.79m (12ft 5in) by 1.4m (4ft 7in) it was created by firefighters at the eastleigh mela in Hampshire on 6 July. this beats the 2008 record
Edinburgh will host the International Festival, the Fringe and the Military Tattoo over the next three weeks. the international festival will chart 350 million years of the city's history, set to a special soundtrack by Scottish rock band mogwai. the military tattoo will pay tribute to the queen, who
boy groomed girls on facebook and encouraged them to send him photos of breasts. he was aged between 14 and 16 when he committed the 10 offences. judge said he regarded the boy as "dangerous" but would not impose an extended sentence.
french financier Jean-baptiste de Franssu will take over as head of the bank from Ernst von Freyberg. the bank's profits fell last year to 2.9m euros from 86.6m euros in 2012. it will eventually give up its investment activities to focus on serving religious
YouGov poll suggests a Corbyn victory could reduce labour to a pressure group. shadow minister tristram hunt warns of a 6% lead for the leader. Yvette cooper and liz Kendall are the other candidates for the leadership.
amnesty bill would have applied to offences committed after 2006 coup. tens of thousands of protesters took to streets of Bangkok as bill went to Senate. pm Yingluck Shinawatra has promised to respect the Senate's decision. critics said it would allow human rights
"hundreds" of staff may move to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, it is understood. however, the number of people who would be relocated involves between 500 and 1,000 jobs. several global banks have announced in recent weeks that they will move some jobs out of London.
a minute's silence was held before the event for the victims of the manchester attack. the 30-year-old gold medallist recorded 8.18m in his final jump to win. briton Holly Bradshaw set a new British women's pole vault record of 4.80m
overweight children between four and 18 months old eat similar food to healthy weight children but have bigger portions, a study has found. the report said parents may not realise how much young children should be eating. it said feeding guidelines needed to be more specific and better known.
Michelle o'Neill said the actions had "diminished the credibility" of the political institutions. she said it was now "over to the people to have their say".
lesley Graham is one of four women who have launched a petition for it to be approved. kadcyla is used to treat a specific type of tumour - HER2-positive. currently, it is not approved for use on the NHS in Scotland. the Scottish Medicines
Dover Athletic beat Tranmere Rovers 4-1 in the national league. aswad Thomas opened the scoring for the hosts after 22 minutes. Andy cook doubled the lead with a brace before an own goal from Mitchell Walker and Ben tollitt added late gloss.
Owen and Karl Oyston sued fan for £150,000 over a post on website another view from the tower. the 32-year-old said he had "limited financial means" and feared what would happen should the case be won.
team sky's chris froome survives final descent into morzine to maintain overall lead. stage 20 was won by spanish movistar rider Jon Izaguirre in four hours, six minutes and 45 seconds. 113km route from Chantilly
the art nouveau design of the building in the garnethill area of the city centre took another 12 years to be completed. the Reid Building - named in honour of the art school's former director, seona Reid - sits across the road from Mackintosh's masterpiece
winger Dom Thomas joins queens park rangers from motherwell. the 20-year-old has made just seven first-team appearances this season. he has spent the first half of the season on loan at dumbarton.
Mr McIlhagga, 42, was killed by a masked gang outside a house. he was beaten and shot in the leg and died from his injuries. the three men arrested on Wednesday are aged 24, 41 and 48.
the rig ran aground off Lewis during a storm on Monday while being transported to Malta. a 300m temporary exclusion zone has been put in place around Dalmore beach. three vessels including the emergency towing vessel Herakles are at the scene.
the man had left the medals on a work surface to clean before leaving his home. on his return he found that they had vanished from his home in wootton park. avon and Somerset police are appealing for help in tracing the items.
debate comes after petition to restrict use of fireworks attracted more than 100,000 names. MP for Kettering, Philip Hollobone, said individual fireworks are extremely dangerous. business minister Jo Johnson dismissed a ban and insisted current laws work well.
the candidates are increasingly participating in a war of words over illegal immigration. the candidates offered a distinct contrast in styles at the Sunshine summit in florida on friday.
priest claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in 1984, but no-one acted. he made allegations verbally to the bishops of doncaster, Sheffield and Oxford. the archbishop of york and the bishop of beverley are also being investigated.
the move - supported by top female rider Hayley Turner - could provide the sport with a windfall of more than £1m. but the organiser of a good friday charity open day has called the proposal "greedy and selfish" jockeys are concerned they will lose
the women in democracy caucus wants more support for women AMs. it also wants more women experts on TV and radio. the report was produced to coincide with international women's day.
Ozil says he prefers to stay at arsenal. the 28-year-old midfielder is under contract until 2018. arsenal face two games in china before returning to england.
Samy amimour was one of three suicide attackers who killed 90 people at a rock concert. he was buried in a cemetery in Seine-Saint-Denis, where he grew up. only a few people attended and the grave is unmarked.
defending champion henrik staenson cards a five-under-par 67. he trails leader Wade ormsby by two shots and belgian Thomas detry by one. englishman Tommy fleetwood is tied for sixth, three strokes adrift.
Ruweyda has a very strong type of anxiety called selective mutism. she's started taking a special music class which has helped her at school.
the cargo ship SS Politician sank off Eriskay in western islands 75 years ago. eight bottles of the whisky were recovered by a diver in 1987. the bottles in the care of NTS are kept at Canna House.
the Blick mead site is about 1.5 miles (2.4km) from stonehenge. archaeologists said "scientifically tested charcoal" dug up from the site had "revealed that it dated from around 4000 BC" the department of transport said it would "consult before
the centre for economic performance says a decline in trade would cost the economy "far more" than would be gained from lower EU contributions. it says post-Brexit the UK would do less trade with the EU because there would be higher tariffs on goods.
Nouha Dicko puts wolves ahead with a low first-time shot on the run. Andy lonergan saves from Souleymane Doukara and Kortney Hause clears off the line. aston villa win 3-1 and qpr lose 2-1 to
"i failed as a negotiator because I gave up early," says lena dunham. the actress says she only found out how much less she was being paid when emails from Sony Pictures were hacked. last week, meryl staep spoke out about s
Peter Dredge, Simon Wood-Power and Lee Hurst were all taken to hospital with non life-threatening injuries. eyewitnesses described seeing the high-powered vessel come out of the water "like a rocket"
ponds on the surface of the Khumbu glacier in the Himalayas have expanded and joined together. scientists say the warning is the first of its kind for the glacier. the debris-covered glaciers in the region are coated by a layer of sand, gravel and rock
more to follow.
monsignor Lucio Vallejo balda served half of his 18-month sentence, the Vatican says. the leaked papers were cited in books that alleged corruption in the Catholic Church. a former colleague of the priest was given a 10-month suspended sentence.
"it is definitely high time for an LGBT character to be included in the Star Trek universe," says Zachary Quinto, who plays Mr Spock. "i'm delighted that there's a gay character [in the film]," said the 79-year-old actor. takei
Labour's Sadiq Khan defeated conservative Zac goldsmith to become mayor of London. the SNP will retain its grip on government, after having claimed 59 of the 73 constituency seats up for grabs - up six on their 2011 result. in scotland, the
Iain Duncan Smith says raft of reforms should save taxpayer £50bn by end of this parliament. reforms include tougher criteria for people seeking disability allowances. charity says reforms are part of a "triple whammy" of factors hitting disabled people
u.s. city of Eugene awarded 2021 world championships by the IAAF without a bidding process. decision being investigated in france after questions over Lord coe's role in decision. gothenburg bid chief says awarding the event made him "really upset"
the manifesto said the party would "take account" of the Davies Commission into runway options. Mr Johnson has been an outspoken opponent of further expansion at heathrow. fellow conservative MP Zac goldsmith has pledged to quit the party and force a by-election if the conservative
Nathan Smith's overhead kick hit the bar and bounced in off keeper Dean snedker's back to give the Gulls an early lead. Nathan Blissett's towering header doubled the advantage before an 82nd-minute winner from a goal
former civil servant admits buying bogus PhD from fictitious online university. he was caught when the new government made his CV public. remains to be seen if he remains on the list of cabinet ministers.
coroner said the man's heart condition had to be a factor when deciding whether to compel him to give evidence. inquest into death of 11-year-old Francis rowntree in 1972 would be "severely hampered" if he could not
the BBC says it will revert to its original today at Wimbledon format. last year's show saw presenters mingle with a live audience. the corporation made major changes to its coverage last year.
homeowners own boundary wall along river arun at arundel, west sussex. wall collapsed in January after high tides and heavy rainfall. insurers refuse to pay for repairs and environment agency says it is owners' responsibility. local MP Nick Herbert describes it as a "deep
David annett, 38, pleaded guilty at Craigavon crown court to a total of four charges. he admitted defrauding the first trust bank, two counts of theft and transferring over £110,000 of property out of his employer's business account. in august 2012, an
United beat Hull 1-0 at the KCOM Stadium in the premier league. a late goal from substitute aaron ramsey sealed the win for the visitors. it was a deserved victory for united, who had gone close through Rooney, Zlatan Ibrahimovic
La albiceleste are fifth in the 10-team south american qualifying group. finishing fifth would mean a play-off against a team from oceania. 59-year-old Bauza was appointed in august and guided his side to three wins, two draws and three defeats.
Ms pomsel was one of the last surviving members of the nazi hierarchy. she said she knew nothing of the murder of six million Jews during the Holocaust. in a documentary, she said no guilt - "unless you end up blaming the entire german population"
Russia says Saturday's incursion was brief and due to bad weather. it is examining claims of another violation, which "lasted for a long time" it echoes a similar incident on Sunday, when an unidentified fighter jet locked its radar onto Turkish jets.
Swansea beat everton 1-0 to climb out of the bottom three with two games remaining. the win combined with Hull's defeat to already-relegated sunderland saw the Welsh club climb out. captain Leon Britton said he was amazed by the support from the
blast tore through crowded jameela market in the predominantly Shia district of Sadr City. IS said it was behind the bombing and that it targeted Shia militiamen. medics say more than 20 civilians died when bombs dropped by the Iraqi air force hit a hospital
Cheryl cope, 51, from Haringey had suffered flu-like symptoms for 10 days. she was admitted to the Whittington hospital at 07.40 GMT on 27 February. inquest heard she should have been diagnosed as having sepsis when admitted. blood poisoning or
Gary price was suspended from all council duties for five months in November. standards committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct. his appeal has been dismissed by the adjudication panel for Wales.
the outstanding British contribution to cinema award is presented annually in honour of film producer Michael Balcon. previous recipients include Mike leigh, Sir Kenneth Branagh, working title films, sir Johnhurt and BBC Films. Curzon's history stretches back to 1934 with the opening of its first
Barrow extend their unbeaten league run to nine games with the victory. the victory extends the Iron's losing run to three games. braintree are currently sixth in the national league.
Cibulkova beats two-time grand slam champion 1-6 7-6 (7-2) 6-4. defending champion beats pole Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2 6-1. maria sharapova and victoria azarenka also progress to
policy exchange says selling high value homes when they become vacant would raise £4.5bn a year. the move could create the largest social house building programme since the 1970s. labour says new homes were urgently needed but "driving out hard-working families" was not the answer.
Guernsey and gotland have shared the table tennis gold medals for the past decade. Jonathan de la Haye won Jersey's seventh shooting gold medal at the 2015 island games.
shares in ITV rose 1.3% after the broadcaster said it had appointed easyjet's boss Carolyn McCall. carillion shares leapt 19% on the news it was part of a consortium granted HS2 contracts by the government. shares in weir Group rose 8% after the company
Guardiola says barcelona are special in the way they play. he says it will take time to achieve the identity they have forged for 50 years. city have gone three games without a win after 1-1 draw with everton.
Lord Sugar says the show's past winners have turned into "great business people" he says the success of previous winners is "what motivates me to carry on doing the show" the new series of the show begins on 6 October on BBC one.
Philippe Bianchi says his son, who remains in a coma, has shown "no significant progress" the 25-year-old crashed into a recovery vehicle at suzuka in october. he continues to receive treatment in hospital in his home city of Nice
body of Waldek mural, 57, was discovered by a member of the public. post-mortem examination showed he had died as a result of multiple injuries. grzegorz Kowalczyk, 41, appeared at Leeds Magistrates' court.
oil gushed through the streets and caught fire, destroying homes and cars. president Felipe Calderon has visited the scene and promised to launch an investigation. according to early indications, a criminal gang had punctured the pipeline. "it was like we were living in an
Jamie cox was sentenced to 26 weeks for common assault. cox attacked viktoria gribovskaja at her home in lambeth last year. his sentence was suspended at an appeal at croydon magistrates' court.
the five Shropshire and three herefordshire churches are all listed buildings, with many dating back to the 12th century. the diocese said about £200,000 still needed to be raised to complete repairs at the churches.
Syrian state media says toxic gas was contained in shells that rebels have been firing at government-held areas in the divided city. it comes after reports from a rebel-held town in Idlib province that chlorine gas was dropped on it late on Monday. a battle has continued since the weekend
british tennis star johnny murray beats argentine juan del Potro 7-5 4-6 6-2 7-5 in the final. the 29-year-old says it was one of the toughest finals he has played in in four years.
Arthur came into the studio for a live interview with his owner. he wouldn't sit still and left the sofa to explore the studio.
"welcome to canada - honeymoon capital of the Commonwealth," prince william said. the duke and duchess earlier visited canada's national war memorial. prince will be partially bilingual for the next nine days.
the new technology will provide an alternative to road ambulance journeys. the incubators will attach to existing equipment in the helicopter, providing warmth and oxygen. they also have a transparent chamber, allowing babies to be monitored during flights.
the bird, which is named LM12, arrived on Thursday morning. it is the earliest reappearance of a resident there in almost 50 years. the pair fledged three chicks in both 2015 and 2016.
she said she was proud to have "given a voice" to rape victims in the crime serial. the storyline of the third and final series of Broadchurch is part-filmed in west bay. charity said it was "excited" she had agreed to take the position.
review of how Thomas cook dealt with the deaths of Bobbi and Christi shepherd in 2006. report reveals how tragedy was then compounded by company's reaction. at the time of the tragedy the company was focused on "financial, contracting, the airlines and destination" report
the 34-year-old has been absent from the club since a training-ground row in september. he attended a meeting with club officials along with agent Eddy jennings last week. the former burnley player is also facing Scottish FA charges for breaching betting rules.
the 37-year-old succeeds fellow Briton Ian poulter as host of the 2015 event. this year's tournament was the first since 2008 and was won by Sheffield's matthew fitzpatrick. the Grove has only ever held a european tour event once before in its
the former udinese man is unattached after leaving the premier league club in July. the 27-year-old has two senior international caps for Sweden. he joined the club on loan in 2012, before signing on a free transfer in July 2013.
Chris Rea is a multi-million album-selling, car-themed singer-songwriter. he was a mechanic for f1 driver Eddie Irvine at the 1995 Monaco grand prix. "i got to wear me own suit and helmet in the garage," says the uk-based artist
two brothers believed to be mid-ranking al-Qaeda officials killed in drone strike. attack came just days after al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan. reports from washington now suggest US commanders had one of the most valuable targets in their sights.
James Davies, 20, from Liverpool, denies murder and malicious wounding with intent. Anthony Baines, 30, and mark ennis, 30, also from liverpool, deny the same charges. the attack was the result of a turf war between two rival gangs over the drugs trade
the joiners arms, in hackney road, east London, shut in 2015. tower hamlets council imposed the condition after area lost 73% of its LGBT venues. Regal homes, which bought the site in 2014, has said it will give an LGBT operator first refusal.
the three boxers did not attempt to manipulate an event at the Rio Games. participants are not permitted to bet on Olympic events. the Olympic Council of Ireland and British Olympic Association were also sanctioned.
Michael Gove says decision to back leave campaign was most difficult of his career. he said the EU had "proved a failure on so many fronts" and he felt compelled to put political convictions before loyalty to the pm. four other cabinet ministers have signed up to
my father was chief engine room artificer on board the minesweeper hms hebe. during the evacuation of Dunkirk, he witnessed the first signs of ptsd. he recalls seeing the commander-in-chief of the bf
a 'duvet day' is an absence which can be approved by the employer with no reason given. the head teacher at long sutton primary school in spalding said all staff were offered one additional day a year. he said the scheme cost less to implement than the
the international paralympic committee suspended russia from the rio games. only track and field athletes were banned because of state-sponsored doping. Putin said the ruling was "cynical" and "humiliates those who take such decisions"
Crickhowell high school approached powys council to manage town's library. school said the move would benefit pupils and the community. the library would stay in its Silver street location, the council said.
magnitude-7.3 quake hits at a depth of 10km (six miles) in Kyushu region. a village has been evacuated after a dam collapses, media reports say. earthquake hit a wider area than the one that struck Kumamoto on thurs
crews battled the fire in Littleborough, Rochdale, for several hours. it was reported shortly before 19:30 BST on Wednesday. the cause remains under investigation.
Johnny McGurk, 49, appeared in court accused of theft from quarry firm. the accountant was released on bail and will appear in court again on 19 November. he won an all-ireland football championship and all-star award in 1993.
£1.2m facility houses library, advice services, children's area, IT suite and community cafe. meeting rooms and community hall for local groups will be opened on Tuesday.
"we're calling for prompt, credible and thorough investigations," says HRW's Fred Abrahams. Nato insists it took unprecedented care to minimise civilian casualties. it says it cannot take responsibility because it has had no presence on the ground.
the symposium was due to be held at queen's university in Belfast in June. vice chancellor Patrick Johnston said he had made the decision on Monday. he cited concerns about the security risk for delegates and about the reputation of the university.
the 80ft (24.3m) structure will be located on a raised part of the seafront in redcar. it will have a viewing platform, a studio, galleries and a cafe. work is due to start on the town's sea defences in early 2011.
the 31-year-old won the 13.1-mile race in 59 minutes, 32 seconds. the world record of 58:23 was set by Eritrea's Zersenay Tadese in 2010. farah's only world record is the two-mile indoor
a partial truce that began 12 days ago has reduced the intensity of the fighting. de Mistura said the cessation of hostilities was holding "by and large" and was open-ended. the first round of talks on a political solution to the conflict was suspended last month.
the Adcocks are the reigning european and Commonwealth champions. the world championships run from 21-27 august in Glasgow. half of GB Badminton's staff have been cut from the programme.
the 19-year-old man was arrested after the incident at killylea road. he was detained on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and criminal damage.
women can serve in front line positions in the US military, but they are barred from ground combat units. a Pentagon spokesman said 14,500 combat positions had been opened to women under the current defence secretary. the lawsuit argues that continuing restrictions violate servicewomen's constitutional rights to equality
former pope resigns to take up residence in the walls of the Vatican City. 86-year-old spends his time reading, praying, studying and handling correspondence. the same four laywomen who kept house for him when he was pope continue to run his household
ôl y corff sydd yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal, mae nifer o ymladd i gadw fynd ac y wynebu argy
18th Century building containing two businesses destroyed in Sudbury. one woman rescued from an upstairs flat. Suffolk fire service investigating why all on-call fire fighters were not alerted.
Wales have not beaten the all blacks in 26 matches since 1953. warburton starts for the first time since being sent off for a tip-tackle in 2011. the 27-year-old says he has benefited from his time on the sidelines.
Tranmere Rovers beat dover athletic 1-0 in their premier league clash. Cole Stockton scored the only goal of the game in the 68th minute.
Accrington Stanley had gone into the game on the back of defeats to Crawley, Portsmouth and doncaster. the visitors came out well for the restart and went close to pulling level, but goalkeeper Dean Henderson, on loan from manchester united, blocked Billy Kee's shot on the
Uhuru Kenyatta has been leading in early presidential results declared from Monday's tightly contested election. his closest rival is outgoing prime minister Raila Odinga. more than 1,000 people were killed in the violence which broke out in 2007-08.
ten people were detained in the raids, itar-tass news agency says. 44 expelled from montenegro are also being investigated. the cult was responsible for a deadly sarin nerve gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995.
Ethiopia's world champion Mare dibaba takes the bronze medal. world champion sumgong finishes in two hours 24 minutes four seconds. GB's alyson Dixon and sonia Samuels finish 28th and 30th respectively.
Bert Davidson had not seen his 1929 Humber since he sold it nearly 60 years ago. he was contacted by a man whose father had owned the saloon car in the 1960s and 70s. Robin wills has since restored the dilapidated car to its former
Pavey becomes the oldest female gold medallist in the championships' history. the mother-of-two ran a tactical race to match the gold won by her old friend Paula Radcliffe. britain's three men through to the semi-finals of the 100m
Jonathan bell had been removed from office by the DUP as part of the rolling resignation scheme in response to a stormont crisis. the crisis was sparked around allegations that IRA members had murdered Kevin McGuigan.
former burlesque dancer and stripper Georgina Symonds was escort by multi-millionaire. she enjoyed spa days, luxury hotel stays, a BMW and a range rover. he was infatuated with and hoped to build a future
Masuri has given the BBC an exclusive look at its prototype helmet. the company have introduced a "stemguard", a device made of foam and a rubber-like compound. it has been tested extensively in a laboratory while it awaits production.
cafwyd Melissa Pesticcio, 23 o Lanrhymni, yn euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus,
Lee Gregory, Steve Morison and Joe Martin scored as millwall beat Bradford city 3-1. the result sets up a showdown with promotion rivals barnsley at wembley. millwall must now beat Barnsley, who thumped Walsall 6-1 over two legs.
the 44-year-old admitted dumping the rubbish at the side of Finningham road last year. police said it was a "potential danger to motorists and other members of the public" he was fined £1000 plus costs after pleading guilty to fly-tipping
fish-scale geckos have the largest scales of any known gecko. the scales are attached only by a relatively narrow region that tears with ease. they can also grow them back scar-free in a matter of weeks.
the fine is the largest in china's corporate history and will require the firm to lower royalty rates. the move could help Chinese smartphone makers Xiaomi and Huawei. news of the agreement sends the company's new york listed shares up 2.8%.
co-Group f leaders Cape verde meet in Praia Saturday and in Marrakech Tuesday. only mini-league winners are guaranteed places at the finals in Gabon. other high-profile showdowns include Nigeria and Egypt in group g.
Graeme Shinnie is a notable absentee from two separate squads named for friendlies against Czech republic and Denmark. Celtic's 18-year-old left-back, Kieran Tierney, was one of six players - including Aberdeen midfielder Kenny McLe
track's release date brought forward by five weeks after a cover version by x factor's Fleur east topped the iTunes chart last week. Ronson thanked "boy wonder" Bruno Mars, who features on the track, "without whom there would be no jam" band aid 30 climbed
in 27 authorities, fewer than a quarter of pupils in this age group are taking A-levels in their council area. new schools network said it was a "glass ceiling" on ambition. department for education said the figures were "misleading"
doctor who wins best family drama prize. best new drama goes to hit us musical comedy Glee. eastenders takes top soap prize in a year that saw its first live episode.
about 2,000 plants were found behind the former blockbuster premises in Kirkgate. several crops of cannabis at various stages of growth were found. officers are appealing for information about vans being loaded or unloaded.
Bangor university student Shiromini Satkunarajah has been refused asylum. the 20-year-old was born in Sri Lanka but has lived in the uk for eight years. Thousands have signed a petition to stop her deportation to Sri Lanka.
education minister said there were concerns over "unusual student recruitment trends" the college said as far as it is concerned, all of its students are genuine. the branch in Cardiff runs various IT and business courses.
border agents encountered two men carrying backpacks east of sumas, washington. one of the men dropped his backpack, fired a weapon at the agents. two others were arrested and accused of planning to transport the drugs.
the section, measuring about 32ft (10m) by 13ft (4m), was spotted between Bryher and Tresco on 26 November. company representatives have travelled to Tresco to dispose of the wreckage. "it's about being a responsible steward of our rocket
"my sentence was doled out long before there was a verdict," says casey antonio. the 2011 case drew millions of viewers across the us. if found guilty she could have faced the death penalty under florida law.
the North has called the shutdown "a declaration of war" the privately-run manufacturing zone saw thousands of north Koreans working for south Korean businesses. the South estimates about 616bn Korean won (£350m, $508m) had been paid to the North over the years.
city failed to ensure their information was accurate on three occasions. the punishment was imposed following an independent regulatory commission hearing.
police said there was no evidence to suggest inappropriate contact between him and children at the nursery. items of computer equipment were seized following a search of his home.
average cost in the area is expected to be £497.23, highest after north Yorkshire at £508.82. figures suggest 13% of people could resort to borrowing, more than twice the level in other areas. concern is highest amongst those aged 18-34 and those with children under 18.
hodgson made six changes, including resting captain Wayne Rooney, from the win against Wales. england's limp performance means they finish top of group b. dele alli had a shot kicked off the line by Martin Skrtel just seconds after coming on
amelia welch, 20, was partying in a nightclub when she lost her hand. she thinks she could have left it in the nightclub and forgotten about it. her hand is "more functionable" without the prosthetic which has very little movement.
former assistant coach ayestaran says he is "grateful" for the chance to steer Valencia away from relegation trouble. the 53-year-old said it was his call to appoint former assistant Neville in february. he said he
the two-year-old dog was found in remote woodland near Wansford in Peterborough. a 50cm (20ins) carbon fibre bolt had been embedded from one side of his head to the other. "it had missed Ziggy's brain, ears, eyes and skull bone by
officials believe the attackers have targeted the forms submitted by intelligence and military personnel for security clearances. a 127-page vetting document called standard form 86 may have been accessed. it is also believed the breach of personal data of US government workers may be far larger than previously reported
the retirement age for germans is set to rise gradually to 67 by 2030. the Bundesbank says that from 2050 this increase will not be enough. it is therefore proposing pushing the pension age up to 69.
bath hooker tom woolstencroft joins on loan from cornish pirates. lock Marcus garratt also joins the club from championship side cornish. Woolstencroft made his senior debut against london Welsh in 2014.
Marianne Vos won the opening leg of the five-stage race on wednesday. german Lisa Brennauer was edged into second as Vos came third. british rider Lizzie armistead was the highest-placed Briton, in 18th.
motorway closed between junction nine at Moira and junction eight at Blaris. traffic diversions were in place during a clean-up operation to remove debris. one driver reported long delays, taking 76 minutes to travel.
names will be announced during the one show on BBC one between 19:00 and 19:30 GMT. a capacity crowd of about 12,000 will attend the show at the first direct arena in Leeds on Sunday, 15 December. tour de france winner and Olympic road cycling champion sir Bradley wiggins was
first and deputy first ministers used powers to create role for former journalist David Gordon. law was changed to enable post to be filled without being advertised. opposition leader michael nesbitt said he was not made aware of the move.
fire crew called to out-of-control bonfire with gas canisters in it. two youths hurt when fire flared up in their faces. crew from larbert gave first aid until paramedics arrived.
ATP chief executive Chris Kermode is about to launch a major review. he is looking at what direction men's tennis should take from 2018 onwards. the review comes after another successful sell-out world tour finals in london.
storms have eroded the cliffs below where the village was located. there are fears further erosion will mean it will be lost in the sea.
Aaron Shingler, Jonathan Evans and DTH van der Merwe score tries for Scarlets. hadleigh parkes' try 30 seconds after the break clinches the bonus point. Cardiff Blues could add only a diving Blaine Scully try to Tom James' early score.
a week before the offensive began, it was reported that hundreds of Iranian troops had arrived in Syria in preparation for an imminent assault on rebel-held areas. the deaths of four high-ranking officers from the IRGC in just one week implies that Iran may be more involved in the war than it has
world number 40 leads race to dubai at 14-under-par halfway total. storms end play on friday and saturday and poulter cards 66 in second round. veteran spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez pars four holes to share second place.
election hustings have been one of the big successes of this general election. the debates and exchanges are close up and often personal, says magazine monitor. one question gripped the audience: why are graduates from african Caribbean communities three times more likely to be out of a job, six
Swansea and pembrokeshire both hope to inherit the title from Hull in 2021. city of culture is awarded by the UK government every four years. winning city gets to host high-profile national events such as the Turner Prize.
since 2013, the government stake has been sold off at first in a couple of big chunks. global investor blackrock now eclipses that and Lloyds is on trajectory to return to full private ownership later this year. the huge compensation costs of mis-selling and intermittent market turbulence have h
typhoon Chan-hom first hit Zhejiang province on an island near the city of Ningbo. state news agency xinhua says no deaths or injuries were reported in the region. one village received more than 400mm (16in) of rain, it
DNA and its chemical cousin RNA are not unique in their ability to encode information and to pass it on through heredity. the work is promising for future "synthetic biology" and biotechnology efforts. it also hints at the idea that if life exists elsewhere, it could be bound
the country is walking dangerously close to the "mass grave" it dug for itself in 2008, following the disputed election of 2007. social media has continued to light up with hate speech. at the centre of the current spike in political fever is the government and opposition stand-off.
arrests came after protesters refused to leave land owned by pipeline company. they say the protesters moved from their camp on flood-prone ground. no injuries were reported during the operation, sheriff's office says.
boy, 7, found in a military training base near where he was left. his father has apologised to his son and rescuers, saying "we went too far" search teams including the self-defence forces (sdf) have been combing the remote area.
L/Bdr Parkinson was seriously injured in a bomb attack in Afghanistan in 2006. the site limits friend associations to 5,000 per personal page. he walked for nearly half an hour with the torch with an assistant who supported his arm.
19-year-old striker has appeared three times for Newcastle's first team. came through the Cobblers' youth ranks and scored 13 goals in 60 senior games. named the under-21 premier league's player of the month for september.
aweys faqey, from north london, was arrested at the airport on 23 may. he is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' court on Tuesday afternoon. his arrest is not connected to last week's suicide bomb attack at Manchester arena
Dale Arnold, 32, died after being stabbed in Kelloe, near Durham city. Josh Johnson, 19, had been charged with murder, but admitted manslaughter. he is due to return to the court on 20 December for sentencing.
ring used backpackers and vehicles to smuggle marijuana, cocaine and heroin. the network was linked to Mexico's Sinaloa cartel, officials say. a total of 76 suspects have been arrested in a series of raids.
Yates spent time on loan at both Barrow and league one side shrewsbury. the 19-year-old is the second midfielder to join the notts county outfit. he joins ex-bolton defender Nicky hunt among the new arrivals.
Asia-pacific held $47 trillion (£30tn) in private wealth last year. number of new millionaires rose in china and india. north america is the world's richest region with $51tn.
Tessa banks, 33, denied making or knowingly having the device. but a jury found her guilty of the charge at the end of a three day trial. the alarm was raised by a friend who told police she had been shown the device and was concerned over what might happen
IS continues to fire mortars at the airport after losing the ground to the army. jihadists have also entered a nearby military base amid further clashes. the airport's runway has been destroyed by IS, but it still has value. western Mosul is more densely populated
ESS is 51% owned by the Espirito Santo family. fosun has spent billions since 2010 buying up foreign firms. it has also been trying to buy resort chain Club Med.
'can you cure my cancer?' follows patients on clinical trials run by two organisations. key to new generation of cancer drugs is greater understanding of human genetics. resistance to new drugs is probably biggest problem facing scientists.
the hosts made 255-6 in 92 overs as they chase second spot and £43,000 prize money. skipper daryl Mitchell weighed in with 67 as he completed 1,000 first-class runs for the fourth time in his career. Ben cotton picked up 3-46 for Derbyshire on his
Saracens will begin the defence of their domestic title against Worcester on 3 september. english centre barritt played a key role in the club's momentous campaign. he believes the "continuity of the squad" has been "a huge key" in their success.
Barry Pring, 47, was killed by a speeding car as he tried to hail a taxi in 2008. his wife, known as Anna, was 19 years younger than her husband. coroner: "i am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that Barry John Pring has been unlawfully killed
1,800 Celtic fans could travel to Belfast for a Linfield v Celtic match if they make the champions league qualifier at Windsor park. a&e consultants are being offered £1,500 a night to stay on call at a 4-star hotel for the "crisis
expert, Zoe Wilcox, reveals secret to spotting a Shakespeare script.
27-year-old judo athlete from inverness placed in an induced coma. she suffered head injuries in the motorbike taxi accident on 10 may. doctors have begun the process of waking her from the slumber.
yn dilyn hynny dywedodd y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yng Nghymru, fod a'i fod bellach wedi ei d
three-time champion jockey has not put a timescale on his return to the saddle. the 32-year-old looks set to miss york's four-day Ebor Festival. major autumn races include the Breeders' Cup and the Melbourne Cup.
planning committee said site near Skegness was too rural and not "well connected" landowner applied for 18 all-year pitches, parking and toilets. opposition said an influx of new people could strain schools and surgeries.
defendants allegedly used "unofficial" company credit cards for luxury purchases. about €12m (£10.4m; $13.5m) was spent on hotels, fine clothes, entertainment and travel. bankia was rescued in 2012 at huge public expense.
a bronze statue of jockey alan mccoy has been unveiled at cheltenham. the 42-year-old was crafted by dublin sculptor Paul ferrier. he rode 31 winners at the festival, including two gold cups and three champion
Mr Smith spent ten years in prison for his role in the shooting of a Catholic in 1972. after his release from prison, he became a member of the progressive unionist party. he later served as the chairman of the PUP and was part of the party's negotiating team
more than 110 of the 387-strong Russian team have been banned from the games. boxing, golf, gymnastics, handball, taekwondo and weightlifting are still to confirm their eligibility decisions. the final line-up will be announced on 30-31 July, according
the hour-long meeting between president Mursi and Mrs Clinton was described by a US official as candid and cordial. the US administration is slowly feeling its way in the region, learning to work with groups that Washington has shunned in the past. outside Mrs Clinton's hotel,
body of a man was found at the bottom of one of our excavations in Luton. police said death was not being treated as suspicious. father-of-two had been walking home from watching the FA cup Final.
the move "does not help to lower tensions or restore predictability to our relations" the Kremlin has accused Nato of stoking tensions by expanding eastwards. the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad is sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania.
the 23-year-old has agreed a two-year deal, with the option of a third year. he will link up with the super league club for pre-season in November. Hopkins joined the centurions from amateur club leigh east in 2011.
lenell john-lewis put the visitors in front just before the interval. pat hoban equalized for Oxford in the 72nd minute. newport remain unbeaten in eight league and cup games under manager John sheridan.
GP Live was developed by Aberdeen university and uses streaming software to enter the consultation room. researchers hope it will encourage more students to join general practice and help ease a recruitment crisis.
Keanu reeves is producer, narrator and interviewer on new documentary. side by side examines cinema's transition from film to digital formats. cast includes directors Martin Scorsese, Christopher nolan and lena dunham.
the bird looked into the lens at abergynolwyn station, in gwynedd, on the world's oldest passenger-carrying narrow-gauge line. the phrase "photobomb" - to spoil a picture by unexpectedly appearing in shot
next season the players will stay together, have dinner together and go to games together. Cellino is confident the club are close to bringing in more new signings. the 57-year-old took over at Elland road in April and is currently on tour in italy.
councillor pleaded not guilty to possessing an extreme pornographic image. the 55-year-old was suspended from the labour party in October. he is due to stand trial on 5 February 2018 at the same court.
the new brand, arket, will provide "simple, timeless and functional designs" it will sit in a slightly higher price segment than the main H&M brand. the move comes as competition online and on the High Street is squeezing profits.
the winner of the £1,000 prize will be determined by specialist technology. entries must be from the Gigantomo variety to win the prize. the heaviest tomato in the world weighs in at 7lb 12oz (3.5kg)
Truetube, an educational platform, has been named a contender for three awards in total. the awards will be held at the roundhouse in London on 20 November. TrueTube's drama nomination is for Refugee, a 12-minute film about a girl and her family who
club brugge are Belgian champions for the first time in 11 years thanks to a 4-0 hammering of title rivals anderlecht. besiktas are the new Turkish champions after they seal their first title since 2009 with a 3-1 win over
this year's stress test will have a more international flavour. the world economy will contract by 2.3% and interest rates cut to zero. six banks will have their balance sheets tested against this test.
marquinhos signs five-year deal at french club paris st-Germain. the striker joins from serie a side roma for £3.9m a year ago. he was linked with moves to manchester united and barcelona.
the bridge fell on to the motorway just after midday on 27 august. a motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when the bridge came down. the man from darlington has been issued with a summons.
home owners and their dog escaped from the building after being alerted by a smoke alarm. the cause of the blaze is not believed to be suspicious. firefighters worked through the night to bring the incident to a safe conclusion.
michael sandford, 20, pleaded guilty to being an illegal alien in possession of a firearm. he was accused of trying to grab a police officer's gun to shoot president trump. his mother said she feared Mr Trump would "make an example"
unsolicited email from apple inviting publishers to join the service presumes acceptance of the terms, unless they actively opt out. terms require them to cover Apple if legal issues arise, among other things. Apple, which is due to launch the app later this year, refused to comment on the row
survey suggests over a third of 11 to 17-year olds in Wales who had been bullied had suffered cyberbullying. government said it was better to develop respectful relationships than criminalise bullying. cyber-bullying highlighted in media after death of 14-year-old Hannah Smith, from Leicester
the 26-year-old was arrested the night before for an alleged police assault while under the influence of the drug, which is now illegal. a fatal accident inquiry heard he had suffered damage to his liver while "crashing about" in his flat. the inquiry heard the cause of death was recorded
wheelie bin set on fire in winchburgh, west lothian, at about 01:30. 30 homes evacuated, with 38 residents temporarily housed at a community centre. police are treating the blaze as wilful fire-raising and appeal for information.
the strikes came after the Taliban stormed Karachi airport, killing at least 30 people. the Pakistani Taliban said Sunday's assault was in revenge for the killing of their leader last year. it is not clear when the air strikes took place or which militant group was targeted.
the move is part of a legal challenge brought by a non-profit watchdog group. it is unclear who else he had as guests at the property. the white house has not revealed the names of White House visitors.
the mekong delta is one of the world's richest and diverse wildlife regions. there are 90 plants, 23 reptiles, 16 amphibians, 9 fish and 1 mammal. conservationists believe it's a race against the clock to document all of them.
Christopher Adjei, 29, pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit a sexual offence. police said he grabbed the woman, tried to cover her mouth with his hand, and forced her to the ground. officers traced him after his DNA was found on the victim's coat
animal experiments have attached tiny silicone cuffs, containing electrodes, around a nerve. one set of tests suggested the approach could help treat type-2 diabetes. a huge amount of effort will be needed to make the technology practical.
two other children, aged 10 and 7, suffered minor injuries in the crash. the 22-year-old motorcyclist was taken to hospital where he later died. police said a KTM motorcycle was involved in a collision with a car.
police dog branch and air support unit deployed in effort to trace Gordon Speirs. he is described as being 5ft 10in tall, of medium build, with red hair and blue eyes. at the time of his disappearance he was wearing navy coloured combat trousers.
scottish national party said its leader enjoyed support of more MPs than Jeremy corbyn. only 40 of labour's 229 MPs expressed support for Mr Corbyn on Tuesday. Speaker John Bercow said Labour "currently constitutes" the official opposition.
RIT Capital announces it will not make a formal bid for alliance trust. RIT confirmed last week it was in the early stages of informal talks about merger. alliance trust invests nearly £3bn worth of shareholder assets.
Munster had started strongly with a John Ryan score. scrum-half Sam hidalgo-clyne kicked three penalties. but his drop-goal attempt was charged down three minutes into overtime.
supermarket's stock fell by more than 4% to close at 197.8p. shares in booker also fell, with the FTSE 250 company down 3.6%. most major stock markets around the world fell after president's travel ban.
gas futures climbed by up to 10% in early trading, while benchmark price for oil rose by more than 2%. a relatively mild winter has reduced demand for heating fuel. storage levels at the main gas hubs about 20% greater than last year.
Ipswich have kept six clean sheets in their last nine matches. defender berra has impressed alongside youngster Adam webster. former republic of ireland boss McCarthy impressed by new signings.
'aeroscreen' tested by red bull and 'halo' run by ferrari are concepts in contention. tests will evaluate effect of coatings on the aeroscreen to ensure good visibility. the 1 July deadline is to ensure teams have sufficient time to incorporate the design into their 2017 cars
scientists say finding is "encouraging" and could lead to new drugs to help people live longer and healthier lives. fruit flies lived 16% longer than average when given low doses of lithium. at high doses, lithium reduced their lifespan.
the group are due to be brought to a hostel in the countryside near great torrington, Devon. they were taken from the Jungle camp in south London by a private security company. it is not clear if the children are among a group that arrived under the "dubs amendment"
opposition politicians began the process two weeks ago by handing in a petition. opposition have previously warned the referendum may be hard to push through. many Venezuelans blame Mr Maduro for the economic crisis the country is experiencing.
the 2019-20 domestic rugby season will start in early September and finish at the end of June. the RPA has said a shortened two-month off-season will be "seriously detrimental" to player welfare. premiership rugby has previously said the 10-month campaign will allow clubs to become
the strongest winds are expected to be along the east coast, especially County Down. a Status Red alert has been issued in the republic of ireland for coastal and mountain areas. more than 2,200 homes in the country were without power just after midnight.
the girls were abducted in a raid on their boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria. the UN estimates that the insurgency has now displaced 800,000 children. campaign group Bring Back Our Girls has launched a week of events in Nigeria to remember the girls.
Derbyshire batsmen batted well before the innings stalled in the twilight. Marchant de Lange (3-82) and Timm van der gugten (3-88) were particularly dangerous. daryn smit (41) and Tom milnes (53)
Jairo Medina, 62, a professional carer from Chelsea, was found dead early on friday morning. a post mortem examination did not find a cause of death, but it showed that he had been assaulted.
the £42m MV Loch seaforth made its first passenger sailing last month. the ferry is still in a "test period" and not fully in service. Thursday's fault took five hours to fix and the ferry was cleared again for sailings.
the investigation into the serious allegations in this case was dropped before the suspect was interviewed. the elements of lack of freedom and capacity to consent make the decision highly irregular. there has been a sea change in the climate surrounding rape, historic cases in particular.
Tunisia face expulsion from 2017 africa cup of nations after apologizing to caf. Morocco only able to enter 2017 qualifying draw after Cas overturns ban on participation. tunisia federation says row with caf is over and there will be no more problems
first-half tries from Vincent Clerc and Maxime Medard open up a lead of 16 unanswered points. England strike back with a fine try from Ben foden and close to within seven points with three minutes left. france take revenge for their World Cup defeats of
GB taekwondo chief Gary hall said Luke, 18, is "a good character" the 14 who made the cut will undergo a three-month training regime. they will fight at the Austrian open in June.
judge criticised for giving student Brock Turner six months for assaulting unconscious woman. petitions have reached 115,000 and 175,000 signatures each. organisers hope they will increase pressure on politicians to act.
a cafe, gallery and shop are planned for the park near wakefield. arts council england has given £1.7m to the park. the park attracted more than 400,000 visitors in 2014.
the Scotsman's front page declared a "historic victory for the SNP" the Herald also published a 5am edition saying: "Sturgeon triumphant as labour humiliated" "just like nat" was the headline on the front page of the Scottish sun.
crews were called to a building site in bloomery circle, Llanwern. the blaze burned for more than 10 hours before it was extinguished. it is understood the burning material included a large amount of scrap railway sleepers.
the 24-year-old joined the bantams on a three-year deal last summer after being released by blackburn. he previously played under iron boss Graham Alexander when the duo were at Fleetwood.
the 79-year-old from old colwyn, conwy county, was jailed for 12 years. Anglesea was convicted of one charge of indecent assault against one boy. the offences took place between 1982 and 1987, when both boys were 14 or 15
the NFU council passes a resolution in favour of staying in the european union. the union - which has 55,000 members in england and wales - announced its position. it said it was based on the "balance of existing evidence"
french president Francois Hollande said she "personified elegance and grace" her Cannes award came in 1946 for her role as a blind woman in La Symphonie Pastorale. her film career faded with the arrival of the french new wave in the 1960s.
90% of those arriving in the Greek islands say they are fleeing conflict, primarily from Syria, Iraq or Afghanistan. under international law, each person's case must be heard on an individual basis, not as a group. a system to apply for asylum in Europe from Turkey doesn't
the queensferry crossing was scheduled to be completed by December this year. cabinet secretary Keith brown said the delay was caused by "adverse weather conditions" 25 days were lost over April and may due to high winds, he said.
a 5ft x 3ft (1.5m x 1m) void appeared on Whitworth street on sunday. the road was closed between princess street and Oxford street. a section of the busy mancunian way has been closed since august.
about 200 students have begun courses at the site, though it is expected to eventually be home to more than 2,000 students. the building, which includes engineering and science labs, a mock law court and a library, is part of a £50m sports and education facility.
the canal was built by the Swansea Canal Navigation Company between 1794 and 1798. parts of the canal have been abandoned, sold off and filled in since 1958. the canal is now popular among towpath users and the canal society is doing the restoration.
Gourmet Burger kitchen, founded in 2001, was a "pioneer of the premium burger revolution" south african firm famous brands signed a £120m deal to buy the chain. company says it wants to open 10 to 15 more burger restaurants a year in the UK.
duffy faces an additional one-game ban if he transgresses again in 2017. the same complaint against assistant Craig McPherson was withdrawn. duffy entered the hibs technical area at Easter road on 29 march.
england beat Sri Lanka 15-4 in their second t20 international in delhi. Jos Buttler hit 66 not out from 37 balls. angelo mathews scored half of his runs on one leg due to a hamstring problem. jos buttler
star citizen's creator says he has raised more than $108m (£75m) to develop the title. it makes the sci-fi space simulator the biggest crowdfunded project of all time. creator, Chris Roberts, is famous among video game fans for the 1990's
tour de france winner wiggins becomes the most decorated Olympian in british history. he won the cycling time trial after team gb rowed to victory in women's pairs. there are high hopes for further podium finishes in the men's 200m breaststroke
defending champions Oracle team usa and Emirates team new zealand win on sunday. a nosedive after gate three results in a 39-second defeat for british team. the top four teams progress to the next round of the America's cup.
the pro12 needs a dramatic overhaul if it is to survive. the tournament brings in about £12m in tv revenues. two american franchises could join the tournament in 2018-19. south african clubs the cheetahs and the kings are the weak
Alfred Russel Wallace was a naturalist and biologist. he wrote the theory of evolution by natural selection with his friend, charles Darwin. his correspondents included David Lloyd George, William Gladstone, Rudyard Kipling and Arthur conan Doyle.
Leinster take a 15-9 lead into half-time against the league leaders. three Ian Madigan penalties keep leinster within touching distance. hadleigh parkes and gareth Owen go over for the home side.
the playwright is "one of our greatest literary exports", says culture secretary. the project will include working with young people without access to school. there are an estimated 250 million young people around the world who are unable to read or write.
president asks congress for funds after a week of protests over policing injustices. protests spread across the US and a mass walkout was held on monday. funds would be spread over three years and some of the money will go towards purchasing 50,000 body cameras.
the wings and engine covers of the CS300 jet are made in Belfast. about 5,000 permanent employees and about 1,000 temporary and contract staff work at its Belfast base.
more than 1,000 schools in los angeles searched after classes were cancelled. officials in new york had received a similar threat but ignored it as a hoax.
Spain beat northern ireland 1-0 in first group a match at women's world cup finals. Lucia Garcia puts spain ahead before Patricia Guijarro doubles lead in second half. substitute abbie magee goes close for the hosts in the 74th minute.
the 34-year-old joins from the Austrian hockey league side villacher SV. he was selected by the florida panthers in the 2001 NHL draft.
virgin media originally said it had connected 465,000 new premises in 2016. but following a review, that number has been revised down to 314,000. Liberty Global said Virgin had exaggerated how fast it could complete the connections.
four of its high-speed 175 Coradia train units have been taken off routes. work on its 150 class of diesel trains is also under way. the trains are the fastest in the fleet operating at up to 100mph.
migration watch report says all migrants in the UK "continue to be a net fiscal cost" to the exchequer. it says only recent migrants - who arrived from 2001 - have made a "net positive fiscal contribution" it says there is no economic case for mass immigration on the present
Bogdanov was convicted of procuring an act of "gross indecency" likely to cause offence. he says he felt "enormous relief" when the case collapsed and the prosecution withdrew. the 73-year-old director says
the gold hill cheese run sees entrants run up the cobbled street with a 55lb (25kg) cheese. the event began in 2012 as part of the town's food festival. participants race with the locally-made cheeses which are 35cm (14")
the donation was made in June but became public on Monday following the filing of a document with the us securities and exchange commission. the majority of all previous donations have been made to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
MEP Nathan Gill says he "could not stay in a party that suddenly represented all the things that for 12 years I said it didn't represent" former labour activist ms waters is one of 11 candidates in the race to replace party leader Paul nuttall. m
american swimmer Dana Vollmer raced in her first race since the 2012 olympics. the 29-year-old was six months pregnant at the time and wore a size 32 costume. Vollmer isn't the first woman to compete in the Olympics while pregnant.
16-year-old clocked one minute 04.30 seconds in Barcelona. the time is 0.15 secs faster than the previous best time set by Jessica hardy in 2009. in the 200m individual medley final, fellow Briton siobhan-Marie O'Connor was eighth
Lee Tomlin's penalty lit up a quiet first period after Tammy Abraham was brought down in the box. David McGoldrick almost levelled for Ipswich but his low shot was pushed on to the post. Luke freeman sealed the win with a spectacular volle
incident occurred outside a fast food restaurant in the early hours of Tuesday. police attended and said a man was taken away by officers but no arrests were made. the 28-year-old was on holiday from pre-Rugby world cup training.
low interest rates and restricted EU market access were seen as risks, survey finds. 28% of respondents were gloomier, 15% were more optimistic. almost 40% of firms surveyed reported healthy profits in the last quarter.
out of nearly 12,000 fans, 52% were in favour and 48% against. the match would raise funds for the ladies' team. some fans want the premier league win over manchester united to be the last public game at the stadium.
welfare reform tracking study was carried out by Edinburgh Napier university. participants said they had to present themselves in a "negative light" when claiming. social justice secretary Alex Neil urged the government to rethink its reforms.
PwC says security has been beefed up at the residences of Brian Cullinan and Martha Ruiz following the mistake. celebrity website TMZ.com said the pair were in fear of their lives. it emerged they will not be employed to do the Oscars job again
chief executive of Tata steel Europe, Hans Fischer, takes over on 1 march. new chief executive will not have a position on the main Tata board in Mumbai. community organiser said he was surprised by Mr Koehler's departure.
the pm attended a summit of EU leaders in Brussels before leaving. the remaining 27 agreed that the European Commission will take the lead role in negotiations. Chancellor Philip Hammond has played down suggestions it could take ten years to reach a trade deal.
many on the list are outspoken critics of the Kremlin, and some have been turned away from Russia in recent months. a Russian foreign ministry official said that the ban was a result of EU sanctions against Russia. former foreign secretary sir Malcolm rifkind said he
"our truce is with God, with society and with the authorities," says gang leader. leader of rival 18 street gang offers same promises, but only "if the government will listen" president Porfirio Lobo personally offers his support for the truce.
drones are expected to be one of the fastest growing electronics sectors over the coming years. one industry watcher said gopro's move into drones was "very significant" the drone market is forecast to top $300m by 2018.
some pupils faced transport fees of £400 a year under the proposals from the conservative-controlled council. councillor lesley pendleton said the main aim was to cut council expenditures. she added the council would look to see "if there is actually some money we can claw out from somewhere"
Jon Rahm wins his first PGA tour event at Torrey pines. the 22-year-old spaniard finishes three clear of the field. he secured his card within just four events of joining the paid ranks.
local authority funding has been cut as part of efforts to tackle the deficit. public spending watchdog the national audit office says by 2016 funding will have been cut in real terms by 37% since 2010. local authorities in the poorest areas have seen the biggest reductions.
sunderland and Newcastle draw 1-1 in the premier league derby. aleksandar mitrovic's late header earns the visitors a point. the result leaves the magpies three points adrift of safety.
hong kong snooker player paid money into his wife's bank account. Lee pleaded guilty to fraud and was fined £110 and ordered to repay the £1,600. when there was no sign of the cue Marco Fai Pak Shek made a report to
Christine lacson abad, 27, of cary, north carolina, was charged with arranging a child sex offence. she was also accused of attempting to groom a 15-year-old in wrexham. but the crown prosecution service said it was
major bug in android could let hijackers access data on up to a billion phones. manufacturers have been slow to roll out a fix because many variations of the software are widely used. one expert said it was "about time" phone makers issued security fixes more quickly.
Natalie towers, 24, admitted a charge of administering poison with intent to procure a miscarriage. she was living with her boyfriend in November 2014 when she bought and took a drug. paramedics arrived to find Towers complaining of stomach pain in the bathroom. the
west indies were bowled out for 155 in their fifth ODI in chennai. captain stafanie Taylor hit a half-century, but it was not enough. england are now one win away from a place at the 2017 world cup
all world records set before 2005 could be rewritten under a new proposal. heptathlete sotherton says tweaking events would create "a new slate" the 40-year-old says scrapping records is unfair on athletes who cheated.
more beds are being opened but people are urged not to go to a&e unless they have a "life-threatening" condition. a black alert means hospital services are unable to cope with demand. the three hospitals were last on black alert earlier this month.
the prime minister met the Dalai Lama when he visited the UK last year. no 10 defended the pm's right to meet whomever he wants. china halted ministerial meetings with UK counterparts as a result.
Aldershot took the lead through Idris Kanu in the 42nd minute. eastleigh equalised 10 minutes later through Craig McAllister. aldershot extended their unbeaten run to 10 games.
vandalism took place in Granton, Boswall, Trinity and hawthornvale. about 25 incidents have been reported to police. officers are treating the incidents as linked.
police have confirmed the deaths of four people. three were killed in Dungog, where homes have been washed away by flooding. an 86-year-old woman died in the Central Hunter region when her car was swept into floodwaters. emergency services have declared 12 communities natural disaster
final frontier is a space suit design company based in brooklyn navy yard. co-founders Ted southern and Nikolay Moiseev dream of commercial space travel. final frontier wants to design a suit that's lightweight, inexpensive, safe and comfortable.
police say the Arena clan made money by providing services at an immigrant centre. the clan is alleged to have hidden behind a local Catholic charity. 68 people were arrested on monday, including a priest.
Derek Medina admitted taking the picture on his phone and uploading it on to facebook. he failed to convince the jury that he shot his wife in self-defence after years of abuse. the 33-year-old faces a sentence of 25 years to life for second-degree
Cudd signed a new one-season contract with the dragons. the 24-year-old will make his 18th appearance against leinster on friday. he arrived at rodney parade from llanelli in September.
the NHS spent £8.84m on private ambulances in the capital last year compared to £795,000 in 2011, according to freedom of information data. the LAS conceded it was losing staff due to "pressure on the organisation" but LAS denied claims it had employed private staff previously sacked
Indian authorities have said the firm owes nearly $2.2bn in taxes over the deal. it relates to the firm's 2007 takeover of hong kong-based Hutchison's Indian mobile unit for $11bn (£6.5bn) the firm has
former manchester united striker ole solskjaer is a new manager at aston villa. the 40-year-old spent three seasons in his native norway as manager of molde. he won two top-flight titles and a Norwegian cup during his spell
the ECB cut its deposit rate by the minimum 0.1 percentage point to -0.3%. investors were expecting a bigger cut in the rates. japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was down 1.7% to 19,606.32 points.
cabinet office report finds relations behind the scenes are "broken" report recommends that safety expert Paul Scott be replaced as chair of safety technical group. sports minister carál N Chuiln has indicated she will implement changes.
dumfries and galloway council is not including the scheme in a planned regional rollout of initiatives to reduce car journeys. since its launch in September 2010 the bikes have been hired 2,270 times - a daily average of about two rentals. it is based on similar schemes in
19-year-old Joel Richards was among 38 killed when a Tunisian student opened fire on a beach in sousse on friday. he was a Walsall FC fan, football referee and student at the university of Worcester. chief executive of the Birmingham County
Ri Jong Chol said his detention was a "plot" to "damage the honour of the republic" he was released from police custody due to insufficient evidence. Malaysian authorities are continuing their investigation into the death of Mr Kim.
reverend Irene Wilson was leaving church in Hull when her car was targeted. Jay desborough, 17, and Leon wrigglesworth, 13, were each given a 24-month detention order. the pair had only known each other for a week before carrying out the carjacking
Hamilton made his last of 63 Test appearances in the 16-12 victory over italy. the 32-year-old made his Scotland debut against Romania in November 2006. Hamilton was one of 11 players to miss out when cotter cut his 42-man squad.
england's isobel pooley came second in the women's high jump. australia's Sally Pearson retained her 100m hurdles crown. kenya's Jonathan Ndiku won the men's 10,000m steeplechase.
Cincinnati Zoo director thane maynard said on Monday the staff was "still healing" from the incident. gorilla Harambe was fatally shot in may after a three-year-old boy climbed into his enclosure. the death sparked international outrage and the boy's mother
the imf expects china's economy to grow by 6.3% this year and 6% in 2017. but some observers say its growth is actually much weaker than official data suggests. analysts said any growth below 6.8% would likely fuel calls for further economic stimulus.
lithium-sulphur batteries could have five times the energy density of lithium-ion forms. scientists are tackling the challenge of improving battery technology using a variety of approaches. new prototype developed by uk-chinese team resembles villi - finger-like protrusion
Leicester won the premier league with a squad costing £57m. winger Riyad Mahrez, striker Jamie Vardy and midfielder N'Golo Kante are among the previously unheralded players to be linked with moves away. the italian laughed
general synod voted to allow women to become bishops in July. appointment will end centuries of male leadership of the Church. comes 20 years after women became priests.
Ryan Flynn drives into the bottom corner for the hosts. will grigg equalises for Wigan after a corner was not cleared. Josh law scores his first goal for the club since joining in pre-season.
the 23-year-old forward left sixfields before kick-off after being told he wasn't involved in the squad for the league one match. head coach Luke Williams said the matter would be dealt with "in house" the Robins are in the relegation zone after five straight losses
Elizabeth bowe, 50, was found badly injured in Bobby Jones place in St Andrews. she was taken to ninewells hospital in Dundee but she died three days later. her brother, 51, appeared at court on Tuesday facing a single charge of murder.
the town is home to the prestigious leander club, which has trained more than 100 Olympic medal-winning rowers. the royal mail has painted more than 50 postboxes gold following team GB's gold medal haul at London 2012.
Bangladesh close on 152-3, a lead of 128, after 10 wickets fell in the day. imrul kayes hits 59 and mohammad Mahmudullah 47 as hosts regain initiative. mehedi hasan miraz (6-82) reduces England to
90% of its 540 unite union members backed the offer after a ballot took place. drivers have staged a number of strikes in recent weeks, causing disruption on days the city hosted rugby world cup matches.
the bridge will close to all traffic in both directions for 30 minutes during the fireworks display. tickets for the procession and party, on 13 September, go on sale on friday. the party is open to under-16s if they are accompanied by an adult.
Trump said the US would only come to the aid of allies if they have "fulfilled their obligations to us" the comments hit at the fundamental basis of the Atlantic alliance. the idea that the US might become an unreliable ally is a nightmare for Nato partners.
upland schemes to slow river flow cost a fraction of conventional flood walls. idea of creating floods upstream to prevent floods downstream was key message from the 2007 floods. a handful of pilot projects have pioneered cheap small-scale measures like felling trees into streams to slow down
Griezmann has a haematoma on his left foot but "an injury to the bone was ruled out" the 25-year-old is his team's top scorer in la liga with six goals.
the bird was discovered at Kingholm quay on monday. it was taken to a vets where it had to be put to sleep due to the extent of its injuries. an x-ray confirmed the bird had been shot.
data showing china's economy expanded by a better-than-expected 6.7% in the second quarter boosted sentiment. in japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 rose for a fifth straight day by 0.7% to close at 16,497.85 points. messaging app line has seen
the Dalit men were assaulted while trying to skin a dead cow. many Hindus consider cows sacred and the slaughter of the animal is banned. last year, a Muslim man was lynched over allegations that his family had been storing and consuming beef.
the vast majority of the original 60-odd cases have now been settled. the more they settle, the more difficult it becomes for news international to defend one. news international seems to be in for a very long and very costly act of surrender.
monarch butterflies are the only insects to migrate such a vast distance. mathematicians set out to recreate the internal compass they use to navigate. lead researcher Prof Eli shlizerman, from the university of washington, says he wants to know how neurobiological systems are wire
Iridis4 has state of the art coprocessors which can each perform a trillion calculations per second. the university said the new machine would allow academics to work on more projects at faster speeds. it will be used for subjects such as engineering, archaeology and medicine, as well
"only in european union countries is there no capital punishment," he tells supporters. he says he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the people demand it. at least 232 people were killed and 1,400 wounded in fighting after rebel troops sealed off bridges. turkey abolishe
the Panavia Tornado GR1 was used extensively in combat by the RAF in the 1990s. for sale on Gumtree, it has no engine, or guns and the wings have been removed. ex-RAF engineers Dave and leslie Blissett said it would make
John Clancy has become leader of the labour group after five attempts. he was chosen in the ballot by the authority's 78 Labour councillors. under his leadership, the council can provide smarter financial decisions.
the storm created huge swells in the sea off Scotland leading to warnings from the coastguard and RNLI. surfers have been heading for Nazare, where Hawaiian surfer Garrett McNamara set a world record for the largest wave surfed in 2011. the storm hit
Belgium drew 1-1 with Serbia in their final warm-up match of the campaign. the visitors took the lead through everton striker romelu lukaku. but a late goal from defender ruben jenssen equalised for the visitors.
Rangers opened their premiership account with a win at motherwell. the ibrox club then thrashed 6-0 by Dunfermline in the league cup. caixinha says he is a guy who chases perfection but when he gets it he
around 800 global firms have bases in Belfast, employing about 75,000 people. there's now a shortage of supply to meet the demand, says university's head of modern languages. micro focus Belfast employs 130 people who sell software and provide customer care.
concrete and steel arch will eventually cover the remains of the reactor which lost its roof in a catastrophic explosion in 1986. shield is designed to prevent further radioactive material leaking out over the next century. the meltdown and explosion at the Soviet-era plant was the worst nuclear disaster in history.
Froome reported the incident to local police in southern french city of menton. the 32-year-old is due to begin the defence of his tour de france title on saturday. he was not badly hurt in the incident at Beausoleil, near his home.
councils will be able to accept or reject developments in their own areas. from April 2015 that responsibility will shift to the councils themselves. critics warn that a strict code of conduct will have to be rigorously enforced.
Grade II-listed Drummond mill on Lumb Lane in Manningham was ravaged by a fire. the building has now been partially demolished to prevent further collapse. Historic England said west Yorkshire's mills are "important landmarks which need to be cherished"
council says it has "no fears" bunting might get heavy and "pull things over" similar bunting was removed from Masham in north yorkshire over safety concerns. knitters were asked to contribute to campaigns to decorate the routes of the race.
for centuries, the Shani Shingnapur temple in Maharashtra state had been open only to men. last month, the Mumbai high court affirmed the right of women to enter and pray inside all temples. women's activists had led protests demanding entry specifically to the Lord Shani shrine
eight men, including defendant Sageer Hussain, deny sexually abusing three girls. mother of one of the alleged victims said in a statement: "her character changed from a lovely girl to an animal. she became horrible." she said at one stage she discovered a mobile phone
Daniel Braxton, 35, was driving through towyn, conwy county, with his daughter. she thought she saw a dead baby in the bus stop and screamed at her father. he saw the lifeless naked baby on the ground, with her umbilical cord still
no action was taken against the curry house, which had completed pre-employment checks. the border agency questioned staff about their right to work and live in the UK.
the Aurora Australis broke free of its mooring lines on Wednesday following a severe blizzard. 31 crew members remain onboard to refloat the vessel. vessel incurred a small breach in the hull when it ran aground, which the AAD said poses no
the vessel's engine failed a mile north east of Muck island on thursday evening. a volunteer crew from the larne RNLI launched two lifeboats at about 18:30 BST. the lifeboat towed the yacht to carrick marina.
bank of america asked to revise financial plans due to "certain weaknesses" a further 28 banks passed the comprehensive capital analysis and review. tests assess banks' ability to deal with "doomsday" scenarios, such as rising unemployment.
the fund was pushed past the seven-figure mark shortly before 20:30 BST on Monday by a single £6,000 donation. more than 30,000 people have donated so far. friends of Mrs cox have announced plans for a public event in london on what would have been
the company reported a pre-tax profit of £7.2m last year on the back of a 20% jump in sales. the company made a loss of £12.5m in 2013. Ocado's customer base grew by almost 70,000 to 453,000.
Wales are a point clear at the top of group b, with the top two teams qualifying automatically for Euro 2016. a win in Bosnia-Herzegovina on saturday or at home to andorra three days later would end their 57-year absence from major tournament
first minister carwyn Jones warns a "soft" border could result in more stringent controls at Welsh ports for freight operators. he says the border could provide an incentive for trade to avoid Welsh ports. the first minister said the Welsh Government was working with the Irish government on the issue.
marine location flare was found on meal beach, south east of the village of Hamnavoe on west burra. bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene on Wednesday. members of the public have been urged to stay away from the beach until the cordon has been removed and the
Scottish number one Alan Clyne beats Douglas Kempsell in the men's final. the 30-year-old from inverness has risen to world number 32. adderley is seen as Scottish squash's best prospect.
Mr matheson has served as a councillor in the city for 17 years - five of those as leader. he stepped down from the leadership last September and was replaced by Frank McAveety. the move appears to mark the end of his political ambitions for the moment
police source: infiltrator from the Taliban allowed militants into a police station. the militants then fled the scene in the regional capital of Lashkar gah. no group has officially claimed responsibility for the incident.
in 2015/16, 93.3% of youngsters were in a "positive destination" three months after leaving high school. the data is based on what happened to 52,249 pupils in S4 to S6 attending council-run and grant aided schools. minister for further and higher education
Prof Hawking is giving this year's BBC Reith Lectures, which explore research into black holes. he says further progress in science and technology will create "new ways things can go wrong" asked for advice for young scientists, he said they should retain a sense of wonder.
Justin Thomas shoots a nine-under-par round at the us open. the 63 is the fifth 63 in the tournament's 117-year history. rory mcilroy and luke donald both card three-over 75s.
university researcher sent 1,500 identical CVs to german firms. but when the photo of Meryem Ozturk showed her in a headscarf only 4.2% invited her for interview. discrimination intensified when the job required a higher skill level.
world champion has made bad starts to both races and is 17 points behind team-mate Rosberg. he started on pole but was second behind Rosberg by the first corner in Bahrain. the british driver was hit by Valtteri bottas's car and dropped to seventh
gay and lesbian activists staged rival protests in support of same-sex marriage. the march was organised by the national front for the family. protesters are calling for a meeting with president enrique pena nieto.
a 34-year-old man was arrested in connection with an outstanding warrant. a 15-year old male was arrested for offensive behaviour and resisting arrest. three men, aged 29, 28 and 27, are expected to appear at Aberdeen sherriff court.
pepper, 67, from Glasgow, raped the woman on various occasions between 1986 and 2001. he also hit her with a baseball bat and bottle, cut off her clothes, struck her with knife. pepper was also placed on the sex offenders register.
just 20% of those aged 25 own their own property, compared with 46% two decades ago. estate agents savills carried out the survey for the local government association. the survey has been released ahead of a government white paper on housing supply.
pte Sean benton, 20, was found with five bullet wounds to his chest in 1995. an original inquest into his death recorded a verdict of suicide. his family applied for a new hearing after using the human rights act.
prominent doctor and newspaper columnist criticises one-year anniversary commemorations. she accuses the government of exploiting her father's legacy for its own gain. her brother, prime minister Lee, has rebutted her claims of censorship.
the bag is designed to be a "unisex satchel" with all the electronics hidden inside a false bottom. a slot has been sewn in for a credit card which conceals an led light and a sensor. students Rebecca Smith, leanne Fischler and
abuse reported at overseal manor school in Derbyshire between 1979 and 1985. Christopher may, 71, from llanfyllin, powys, is charged with 11 offences. Terrence Butler, 72, from Stretton in Staffordshire, is
the 28-year-old has spent the last two seasons with wasps, having previously had a six-year spell with Glasgow Warriors. Jackson has won 28 caps for Scotland since making his Test debut against new Zealand in 2010. incoming Harlequins director of rugby John Kingston will replace
the previous day's incessant rain had left an already wet outfield totally sodden at new road. overnight frost on the covers also led to melting ice dripping onto the pitch. the two sides still hope to get underway promptly on monday morning.
the fire broke out on the ship about 27km (17 miles) from Mallorca. the passengers were evacuated on to lifeboats and have been rescued by another ship. at least three people have been injured and taken to hospital by helicopter.
Danny McKay, 36, was shot dead at his home on longlands road in newtownabbey. before the murder, five masked men forced the occupant to hand over his VW Bora. at 20:50 BST the VW was found burnt-out in Ard
Douglas willis Ltd admitted 12 offences of mislabelling at caerphilly magistrates' court. the firm could not prove when the meat was frozen and admitted the offences. it created a risk that "hazardous" food could enter the food chain, court heard.
CGI Group is a global IT systems giant that enjoys annual revenues of C$10bn. in its most recent large takeover, it bought its european rival Logica for C$2.7bn in 2012. today its business clients include companies such as miner Rio Tinto and airline
the National Lottery windfall has been won with a ticket bought somewhere in denbighshire for the 1 April draw. it matched the Lotto Millionaire Raffle draw - but no-one has come forward. the mystery ticket holder has until the end of September to submit their
UN says 124,000 people reached Greece's shores by sea in the first seven months of 2015. ms Olcay said the items would be bought elsewhere if she did not sell them. she alleged that local Turkish authorities were also involved in the trade.
MEP Steven woolfe, who had been seen as the frontrunner, quit the party on Monday. he had been hospitalised after a "scuffle" with fellow MEP Mike Hookem. co-leader robert coburn says the party's libertarian
the film is based on the life of transgender woman who was born in 1880s in Denmark. Eddie has been working with movement coach Alexandra Reynolds to perfect the role. Alicia vikander will play Gerda Wegener, Elbe's wife.
five-time world champion O'Sullivan came from 3-0 down to level the match. fellow englishman Holt took the deciding frame with a break of 76. compatriot Peter Ebdon shocked world number three Neil Robertson 4-3.
TfL is recruiting 1,000 people to start wearing the blue badges from 12 September. the six-week trial is believed to be the first of its kind in Europe. mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he hoped they would "give confidence" to people who find standing difficult.
pick, 21, and bateman, 25, were caught with anabolic steroids in their systems. players thought they had a better chance of getting away with it as it was pre-season. both players have been suspended from all sport until December 2016.
some estimates put Lagos' population at around 20 million. the state government has vowed to make the city, the biggest in Africa, noise-free by 2020. in august, the Lagos State environmental protection agency closed 22 premises.
Kirk millar and Andrew waterworth scored two to put Linfield 3-1 up. mark Haughey got the winner with a deflected header.
each year, an estimated 92,000 people in england are believed to need end of life care but not receive it. as a practising GP i have seen distressed relatives after a patient has died in hospital. one relative said something that haunts me to this day: "
shares in Rangers international football club plc will start trading on the london stock exchange on Wednesday morning. the club announced on Tuesday evening that it had raised a total of £22.2m through a share issue. chief executive Charles green was listed as the club's main shareholder in the
weddings are expensive in Kashmir, and the traditional feast includes a range of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. an MP has proposed a bill to impose a similar ban on expensive weddings across india. marriages are costly in other parts of india as well, and many people spend
columnist said he had "an embarrassment of cancer, the full english" of cancers. the final column by Gill, who had been having chemotherapy, will be featured in tomorrow's Sunday times. Sunday times editor Martin Ivens said Gill had been "a giant among journalists
the 54-year-old has spent seven years overseeing the premier league side's youth set-up. he has a full Uefa coaching A licence and will begin his new role next month. "the time was right for me to look for a fresh challenge," says Allen
german chancellor has resisted closing her country's borders and setting an upper limit on the number of asylum seekers allowed into her country. iron angie demonstrated her unwavering determination once again at yesterday's EU-Turkey summit. but there was stubborn purpose behind the shuttling
excavations at trusty's hill fort at gatehouse of fleet unearthed evidence that it might have been the royal seat of the sixth century kingdom of rheged. the location of Rheged had previously been thought by many historians to be in cumbria. new archaeological
Scot Knox carded a three-under-par 67 to finish one shot off the lead. englishman casey also shot 67 and is among six players at five under par. van aswegen, 34, is looking for his first victory on the PGA tour.
the news of Annan athletic's 4-1 fourth-round win over Hamilton Academical was far-reaching. omar, the son of refugees from Iraqi Kurdistan, was featured in the local press. Annan's dream ended in the fifth round though, when they lost
94% of councils intending to put up bills, with finances at "breaking point", says local government information unit. a third of these, 34% in total, intend to hike bills by more than 2% in April. council tax is expected to be lower in real terms at the end of
coperforma stripped of its patient transport contract for Sussex. contractor Dave Robins says he has only received one payment. "fragile" is how the clinical commissioning group described the service.
the 27-year-old will join french club Lyon on loan from NWSL side Orlando pride. Morgan said the decision to leave "wasn't easy" but she hopes move "pushes my game to another level"
Ayana onozuka takes gold ahead of france's Marie Martinod and american Devin Logan. the 21-year-old has missed much of the past three years due to repeated concussions. GB's Tyler harding, Cal Sanderson and michae
Adams won on her professional debut on saturday but was frustrated to fight over four two-minute rounds. the flyweight's next bout in Leeds on 13 may is on the undercard of Josh warrington's WBC International featherweight title fight with Kiko Martinez. Adams' management believe
Kevin Gameiro's late penalty earns sevilla a draw in lviv. the result leaves the spanish side on course for a third consecutive european title. no team has won three consecutive european titles since Bayern Munich.
russian defence ministry says it has deployed a batch of 14 military jets to Crimea. an initial batch of fighter jets were flown to Belbek air base from military air bases in krasnodar. russia denies allegations from western countries that it played any direct
Danny willett is the first englishman since Nick faldo in 1996 to win the masters. the 29-year-old began the final round three shots adrift of defending champion Jordan Spieth. his caddie Jonathan smart is claiming a bit of the
Ludwig recently celebrated his third birthday with his owners Liane Scholz and Mike Maughan.
DUP leader, first minister arlene foster, has resisted calls to step aside and calls to resign over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme. Sinn Féin's national chairperson Declan Kearney accused Mrs Foster and her party of "unvarnished
south Yorkshire police chief constable, 52, to retire in November. report by prof John Drew found force's response to the abuse was "inadequate" report also said attempts to alert senior officers to the issue fell on "deaf ears"
diabetes costs NHS Wales nearly £500m a year, charity says. 177,212 people in Wales living with the condition. diabetes could rise to 288,000 by 2025.
Grzelak joins hearts from german side Korona Kielce. the 28-year-old's contract with the club had expired. hearts have already signed defender Christophe Berra and forward Cole Stockton.
LINK - which operates the network of 70,000 ATMs in the UK - said that its commercial model is "under review" at the moment around 75% of ATMs are free to use. banks with a large number of card-holders feel they are being unfairly penalised.
Malaysia's attorney general rules money was a donation from the Saudi royal family. the donation was allegedly made amid concern about the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood. Mr Najib had denied that the money came from state investment fund 1MDB.
blackwell retired from boxing after he suffered bleeding on his skull in a loss to Eubank. he was put in an induced coma after the fight, which was stopped in the 10th round. the fight against unbeaten doran, 28, is on the undercard of
more than one million migrants crossed the Mediterranean in 2015. bodies of 34 migrants were found along turkey's coast on tuesday. many were still wearing life jackets that had apparently been of no use.
mark coshever, 39, admitted "affray" and entering the field of play. he was given an eight-week sentence, suspended for 12 months.
husband-and-wife team beat Christopher Coles and Sophie brown 21-11 21-11. it is the fourth time the top seeds have triumphed in the event overall. between them, the Adcocks have now won 10 english titles.
Billy sharp puts the visitors ahead with his 20th goal of the season. Abu Ogogo equalizes from sullay kaikai's cross before Che Adams wins it for united. shrewsbury are now without a win in seven games, during which they have picked
unbeaten Poland top the group on 10 points after four matches. the match in Bucharest was interrupted for a minute after fans threw flares and firecrackers on to the pitch. Kamil Grosicki's fine solo goal put the group leaders in front after 11 minutes
students aged nine to 12 have been asked to create their designs in the blocky 3D world. the government has set aside nearly $10.4m Australian dollars (£5.4m) for the redesigns.
the RMT union had claimed some workers on board two freight boats were paid less than £4 an hour. the charter change will see contracted out services return to operator Serco Northlink from next month.
Ospreys coach Steve Tandy expects boxing day clash to be one to savour. prop Nicky Smith is also available after injury for the match. the Scarlets start 14 points behind their west Wales rivals in the pro12 table.
Ackerman was initially banned in October last year after being found guilty of corruption. he had laid bets against a horse knowing its jockey aimed not to win. his fine of £5,000 was quashed upon appeal at the invitation of the bha.
"we have lifted the Afghan people out of the darkness of despair," mission commander says. from 1 January the alliance's role will shift to a mainly training and support mission for the Afghan army. "the road before us remains challenging but we will triumph," says mission commander.
two refugees provide first aid to NPD member injured in an accident in hesse state. the refugees - who happened to be passing at the time - had left by the time police arrived. NPD members have taken part in a series of anti-immigrant marches in germany
police found a mini had crashed head-on with a Volvo in hazelgrove. a 43-year-old man died at the scene and a man is in a serious condition in hospital.
first minister says people's "sense of disengagement with Brussels" could attach itself to London after Brexit. he warns the future of the UK could be under threat if the government does not listen to other administrations. the UK government said it will trigger the Article 50 process on march 29
ECB appoints ex-test batsman downton as chief executive of selectors. the 56-year-old replaces former chief executive and managing director hugh Morris. he quit his role last month to take up the dual role of chief executive at Gla
addil haroon, then 18, drove through a red light in a residential area at 80mph. he was jailed for six years for causing death by dangerous driving. father said it was like being "kicked in the teeth twice"
the animals were happily munching in the front garden of a house in drummond road close to its junction with the busier Culduthel road. police received calls from members of the public who were both concerned for the sheep and seeking to reunite the animals with their owner. officers helped have
tackling corruption, smuggling and money laundering is a bit "motherhood and apple pie" the line on privatisation is striking - accept those that have been completed and respect those that are underway. linking the minimum wage with productivity and competitiveness could well limit the scope for raising it
the site's new owners, city & country group, have invited people to share their thoughts on what should happen to the 220-year-old building. some 320 inmates were held inside until march 2013 when it closed. previous suggestions for the site have included housing, a museum and
the 33-year-old said she was stepping down for "family and new adventures" Dave Grohl led the tributes with a specially-recorded phone message. Coldplay's Chris Martin wrote a new song to mark her departure.
the 22-year-old is charged with an "act contrary to good sportsmanship" he is also accused of tackling Alex goode in the air. Watson featured in every six nations game for England this year.
cheltenham beat woking 3-0 in the national league. second-ranked striker daan holman scores three goals. cheltenham move two points clear at the top of the table.
pieces from the board game have been found in a tomb in china. the tomb was built to bury rich people around 2,300 years ago. archaeologists found a 14-faced dice made of animal tooth.
Rangers were knocked out of the Europa League qualifiers by portugal defender alves. the 35-year-old joined the club on a two-year deal after leaving Serie a side cagliari. he was late joining up with the squad in pre-
China's consumer price index (CPI) rose 1.6% in September compared with a year earlier. that was lower than analysts' forecasts of 1.8%, and down from the rate of 2% recorded in august. producer prices fell for a 43rd straight month as manufacturers cut prices
warnock says he has had lads with broken legs recover quicker than him. Richards has not played since the 2-0 defeat by derby county on 27 September. the cyprus boss also says that he does not expect to make any attempt to sign Julian Speroni
investigators say the device, designed to slow down the craft, activated at the wrong time without a command from the pilots. but they say it's too early to determine the exact cause of the crash. it may take as long as a year to carry out the investigation.
airstrikes in the old city of baghdad have dislodged IS fighters from the city. cnn's john defterios visits the city to see first taste of freedom after three years. nearly everyone rescued had to leave dead relatives behind.
two types of chemicals called neonicotinoids and coumaphos are interfering with the insect's ability to learn and remember. research is detailed in two papers in nature communications and the journal of experimental biology. company that makes the substances said laboratory-based studies did not always apply to be
the money will be used for renewable energy projects. it will recruit 34 PhD students and six post-doctoral research associates. the centre will focus on the anaerobic digestion of agri-food waste.
thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the great pyramid. it comes as experts search for hidden chambers within the pyramids. the tombs of the pharaohs Khufu, Khafre and Menkaure were built in the fourth dynas
device found at corfe Mullen, Dorset on Tuesday morning. controlled explosion expected at 10:00 GMT. rest centre set up for residents.
michal konrad herba, 36, held on a european arrest warrant in west Midlands. he is the brother of suspect Lukasz pawel Herba who is being held by italian police. it is alleged that kidnappers attempted to sell Ms Ay
a recent programme in Algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a communist novelist. the programme, called we got you, was later suspended amid a wave of criticism from civil society. prank TV shows have risen in popularity, but have also earned criticism.
GM will also hire 1,000 new workers in Ontario to focus on research for connected and driverless cars. canada has been fighting to keep carmakers in the country. many have been lured to Mexico where production is cheaper and the cars have the same tariff free access to the us market.
former mayor of Toronto, rob ford, died at age 46 of cancer. he gained notoriety for his outlandish public acts and drug use. his wife, Renata, hugged supporters who lined up to pay tribute to her husband.
the fox was seen darting under a wheel arch and up into the engine bay. AA patrolman Jason Robertson spotted a dangling leg and pulled the animal free. the cub, now named basset, is being looked after by staff at the Scottish SPCA
a team from Glasgow university studied recorded speech of Glaswegians from the early 20th Century to the present. they found evidence of common accent changes, such as the use of "f" for "th" in words like think, and a dropped letter 'l', as in people to pe
Grade II listed guildford cathedral was at risk because of deteriorating plasterwork. a £7m fundraising campaign was launched and now has only £500,000 left to meet target. repairs and improvements will include restoration of cathedral's organ and new lighting.
u.s. statistics show that on average, women are paid less than their male counterparts. the median wage of a woman working full-time all year in america is about $39,600. in fresno, california, aileen
the broader s&p 500 index dipped by just three points to finish at 2,378.23. the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite was unchanged at 5,901. among the individual shares to rise was jewellery firm Tiffany's.
the all party parliamentary group on social mobility calls for all interns to be paid. the report cites research showing almost a third of graduates working as interns were not being paid. an attempt in Parliament to introduce such a ban on unpaid internships was blocked last November.
government has a target for the equivalent of 100% of Scotland's electricity consumption to come from renewable sources by 2020. funding will go to the Offshore Wind Accelerator programme, a joint industry and government scheme. environmental charity WWF Scotland welcomed the news saying it would bring extra jobs as well as
Katy Bethel, 28, and Aaron Harris, 33, were arrested at Eurotunnel check-in. the couple were returning from Calais to Folkestone when they were stopped. both were charged with aiding and abetting unlawful immigration.
since the fall of the US-backed dictatorship of Fulgencio batista in 1959, Cuba has been a one-party state led by Mr Castro and - since February 2008 - by his younger brother, Raul. the US and Cuba agreed in 2014 to normalise relations
alastair cook scores three centuries to inspire England's 2-1 series win in india. it is his first tour since becoming captain of the england team. captain chris woakes takes three wickets in first innings of second test in mumbai.
one-year-old cat was shot twice in the shoulder and once in its left back leg. cat was found injured by her owner in winchburgh and taken to the Scottish SPCA. last year the Scottish government held a consultation on licensing air weapons.
the flag was raised beside stormont house to mark Belfast's pride festival on Saturday. the move comes amid the continued deadlock over northern Ireland's ban on same-sex marriage. it also coincides with the first official visit of taoiseach (irish prime minister
Richard howitt said he is to become chief executive of the International Integrated Reporting Council. the council links companies with society and the wider economy.
hackers claim to have 1.5 terabytes of the company's data. they have posted episodes of ballers and room 104 online. HBO confirmed it had experienced a "cyber incident"
police want anyone with information or concerns to contact them or the NSPCC. the charity provides practical, emotional and educational support to inner-city children. earlier this month the charity faced questions about the way it was run.
Freeman won an Oscar for his role in million dollar baby in 2005. he was also nominated for a best supporting actor Oscar for 1997's street smart. freeman will be the 39th recipient of the AFI Lifetime Achievement award.
the 40-year-old man was detained as part of an ongoing investigation into the conflict. police are searching one residential address in the town of Crawley. the arrest is not linked to any immediate threat in the UK, police said.
RBS's capital levels fell by 7.5 percentage points - the third biggest fall of the 51 banks tested. the health check of 51 lenders in the eurozone and the rest of the EU, including the UK, was carried out by the european banking authority. it examined the impact of GDP falling by
vehicles and pedestrians will embark and disembark the cowes ferry separately. Isle of Wight council said new procedures were in response to a resident's complaint. councillor Shirley smart said it would "initially result in a slower service"
Simon joins the wildcats from catalans dragons. the 29-year-old has played nine times in super league this season. coach Chris Chester says it's a statement of intent from the club.
new divorce form asks for name "of the person your spouse committed adultery with" lawyers say naming a third party adds "conflict and complexity" to proceedings. ministry of justice says there is "no obligation" to name people.
migratory bird of prey returns to RSPB Scotland's Loch Garten reserve. previous visits have included having eggs kicked out by rival males. staff have compared her seasons to a TV soap opera.
a quarter of 15 to 18-year-olds in the uk feel happier online than in real life. dr radha has dealt with patients who have displayed "a lot of social anxiety" she advises people to "slowly try to wean themselves off it"
diplomat joked that american Jews were the best guide to US politics. she was speaking on a chat show on state tv at the weekend. anti-us propagandists in the last century peddled the idea that rich new york Jews controlled us politics.
pictures on social media showed smoke billowing out from a Bakerloo line train. the station was evacuated shortly before 09:00 BST and trains did not stop. transport for London said the fire was caused by an electrical fault.
police, intelligence officers and members of the military are guilty of targeting detainees. study notes surge in sexual violence after the military takeover in July 2013. perpetrators rarely held to account and impunity points to a "cynical political strategy"
PFA Scotland player of the year says thoughts turn to defending the title next season. striker has scored 39 goals in a season in which he has been voted top player in scotland. failure in cup competitions and in european competitions have left fans disillusione
number of people out of work falls by 99,000 to 1.68 million in three-month period. average weekly earnings up 2%, slowest increase since february. employment rate hits 74% - highest since comparable records began in 1971.
ofcom says children could have imitated illusionist's "clearly dangerous behaviour" something wicked this way comes featured the illusionist putting a plastic bag over his head. the show was broadcast in error and was unsuitable for a pre-watershed transmission.
peaty finishes just short of the world record 25.95 he set in the semi-final. the 22-year-old also retained his 100m title on monday. he was speaking to the BBC after taking part in the 4x100m mixed medley final.
police in australia and europe were aware of a paedophile site called the love zone hidden in the so-called dark web. it was protected by passwords, encryption and specialist software. members had to post increasingly graphic material to remain on the site.
four people were chosen to live in a capsule designed to mimic being on another planet. the experiment looked at how food and air could be used and sustained under controlled conditions. it was also a chance to see how four individuals - picked from more than 2,000 candidates - could live together in
police say Guido amsel targeted law firms that represented him or his ex-wife. one bomb exploded at an office last Friday, severely injuring a woman. two more explosive devices were found at law firms over the weekend in the city.
midfielder murdoch signs "an initial one-year deal" at tannadice. the 26-year-old had joined county last summer after his departure from Fleetwood.
the bodies were found near the city of al bayda, close to the site of the kidnapping. the crew was taken in august while travelling through territory largely controlled by extremist militants. IS-affiliated militants have established a strong presence in parts of Libya.
the 40-year-old is the only confirmed member of the British paralympic team for the games. the sonar crew of John Robertson, Hannah Stodel and Stephen Thomas missed out on a medal.
labour rejects calls to scrap tuition fees - saying it would be a "disaster of historic proportions" the Russell group of leading universities is lukewarm in its response to the idea of a binding contract. labour said that talk about value for money for students was a
Kulbhushan jadhav was arrested last year and convicted of spying. india has always questioned the alleged confession, saying it was extracted under duress. there are differing accounts of how and where he was detained. nuclear-armed neighbours have a long
the bomber struck at the entrance of the city's main port facilities. residents say the blast could be heard across the capital. the death toll is expected to rise further.
victim was threatened with a knife and handed over a sum of money. man entered the property through a back window at about 10:00 BST. occupant managed to release himself before raising the alarm.
the maximum sentence for offenders is six months in prison and/or an unlimited fine, but campaigners want it raised to up to three years. the RSPCA said the highest number of calls it had received had been in greater London (924), followed by the west Midlands (469), west Yorkshire (30
the group, a mix of students and activists, were arrested while taking part in a protest. they face possible jail terms on charges including insulting civil servants. video of the protests showing people being cornered by police sparked international condemnation.
inspectors found nine private faith schools "inadequate" in a wave of inspections. inspectors criticised darul uloom school in Birmingham when they saw a "female governor sat out of sight of the male governors in an adjacent room" a statement from
judge says 93-year-old carried out attacks while victim was a young girl. victim, now aged in her 30s, took to the witness stand to read her victim impact statement. judge Rhys rowlands said beales had destroyed his victim's childhood.
winger Piero mingoia opened the scoring nine minutes before the break. morecambe equalized in the 62nd minute through Jack Dunn and Paul Mullin. the result leaves the hosts without a win in their opening eight league fixtures.
the teenager was detained at Riverside retail park in Coleraine. detectives from the PSNI's reactive and organised crime branch made the arrest.
Jones suffered a shin injury while on international duty with Trinidad and tobago. manager Russell Slade said there was no break and Jones will be assessed. this is the second time in the space of two months Jones has been unavailable for Cardiff.
"teachers need a pay rise," they urge, in a joint statement to the STRB, which sets their pay. the government said it was attracting "the best and brightest" to teaching. teachers in England have some of the longest hours and largest classes in the
drilling has been suspended as a precaution after the 1.5 magnitude tremor. the quake took place 1.2 miles (2km) away from the preese hall site. fracking involves shattering hard shale rocks underground to release gas.
the Beyond Caravaggio exhibition features the work of the italian artist and 30 other artists from all over Europe who were influenced by him. it is the first exhibition of works by caraveggio and his followers ever to be shown in Scotland. one of the paintings in the exhibition, the
third-party software had been used to steal intimate photos of celebrities from iCloud. action should stop tool from being able to infiltrate apple's internet storage service. follows suggestions third-parties had been using software to steal photos.
wrongful death lawsuit filed in u.s. district court in washington. family believe satellite phone used in broadcasts was traced by syrian intelligence. they say informant then confirmed location of media centre where she was based. photographer told bbc that incoming rounds
archie darby died after being attacked by a Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog. his 22-month-old brother was left with "life-changing injuries" the dog was put down with the consent of its owner - the children's aunt. police are not treating the attack
sportscotland has yet to decide where the cuts will fall amid concerns that elite athletes could suffer. the cuts are being blamed on reduced government spending and a drop in lottery ticket sales. about 60% of funding is made up from Scottish Government money, with lottery sales making up the rest.
children born to overweight mothers are at greater risk of health problems in later life. every pregnant woman should have access to dieticians and psychologists. scientists pulled together several pieces of research across Europe.
broken swords and spearheads have been found by archaeologists on the RSPB Scotland nature reserve. twelve pieces excavated from several different weapons have been handed over to Kilmartin museum in Argyll. the weapons can be viewed at the the Isle of Coll'
the 15-year-old was punched from behind and stamped on as he lay on the ground. he suffered facial injuries, including an injury to his eye. the incident happened at patterton station at about 23:30 on saturday.
police say the man had a "special obsession" with a girl he taught. he was arrested in north-west spain as part of an interpol investigation. officers say they found a large number of sexually explicit files at his home.
beyonce had the "biggest year of her career", playing 95 shows. earned an average $2.4m (£1.5m) per city, according to Forbes. pink, rihanna and katy perry also made the list.
the three-time world cup winner is selling all three of his winner's medals at auction. he is also selling more than 2,000 items of personal memorabilia. his winning medal from the 1962 world cup in Chile was sold for £140,800.
australian prime minister says he regrets "any embarrassment" caused by the reports. pm Tony Abbott: "i don't believe that australia should be expected to apologise for reasonable intelligence-gathering operations" media reaction Indonesia recalled its ambassador on monday
footage shows gunmen beating and shooting a group of prisoners. it has been alleged that Islamist militants carried out the attack after seizing army checkpoints. unconfirmed reports say troops have quit all bases near the strategic northern town of Saraqeb.
organic farming produces lower yields but harbours more wildlife, say scientists. study looked at fields sown with winter wheat in region of poitou-charente. organic farming led to higher weed diversity on surrounding conventionally farmed fields.
music fans are being "ripped-off by touts who anonymously exploit fair ticket prices" the letter urges the government to put "the public's interests before the touts" it is signed by managers for the UK's biggest live acts including one direction. government consultation on the resa
the bank levy is an annual tax on the value of all of the debts of the UK banks. the government hopes it will discourage banks from relying on risky forms of borrowing. it's equivalent to 19% of the reported profits before tax of the big five.
bond prices have sunk in expectation that u.s. will enact inflationary policies. bonds globally lost $1.29tn (£1tn) last week, according to bank of america. no sign that the bond sell-off is easing, depressing
supermarket says it has agreed to sell its Harris & hoole coffee shop chain to caffe Nero. in recent weeks the retailer has announced the sale of its dobbies garden centres chain. shares closed up 1.8% at 169.49p, bringing the rise this year to
the motorist received a £100 fine and three points on their licence. the singer has released the song writing's on the wall as the theme to the new James Bond film Spectre. SpecTRE sees Daniel Craig return as British spy James Bond, aka 007
actress, 79, has age-related macular degeneration (AMD) condition affects more than 600,000 people in the UK. Dame Judi first revealed her diagnosis in 2012, noting her mother had suffered from same condition. actress said she preferred to have scripts read alou
a bus mechanic knocked at the door of farmer's farmhouse to tell him a vehicle was stuck. it is understood the bus did not have passengers at the time. farmer says the mechanic must have ignored a 'no unauthorised vehicles' sign.
a partial eclipse was visible in australia, parts of south east Asia and the Pacific.
under universal basic income (UBI) everyone would receive the same sum of money regardless of whether they work or not. there would be no requirements to show an individual is looking for a job either. in Scotland the policy has support from across the political spectrum.
clostridium difficile (c.diff) control measures have also been stepped up at two hospitals. three deaths between April and June in north Wales said to be directly attributable to the infection. the number of cases of the infection per 100,000 people was 51 in the Betsi Cad
the conservatives have been given a huge confidence boost and will feel in a position to challenge in more constituencies next year. the party feel it's them, rather than any other opposition parties, who have become repository of votes from those who are disaffected by the state of the NHS.
about 300 workers are decommissioning the plant which began in 1995. it is due to enter a care and maintenance period in 2016. reports suggest it could be an ideal site for a new small module reactor.
Mr Natzler has served as acting Clerk since the retirement of Sir Robert Rogers last year. a panel led by Mr Bercow initially recommended that australian Carole mills take the role but MPs objected and she has since withdrawn. the recruitment of a new Clerk has
a group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medicinal cannabis. the results of a seven-month inquiry into medicinal use of the drug have been published. cannabis is a class b drug in the uk and police can issue warnings or on-the-spot
beji caid Essebsi, who won the first round with 39% of the vote, is challenging interim leader moncef marzouki. Tunisia was the first country to depose its leader in the Arab spring and inspired other uprisings in the
the 28-year-old has agreed a pre-contract to sign for thistle on a three-year deal in June. manager Alan archibald expects to lose bannigan in the summer. he laughed off newspaper headlines suggesting he had threatened to resign
MPs accuse the Big Four of making corporate taxable income "vanish into thin air" but the tax chiefs said many common assumptions about avoidance schemes were wrong. the panel of experts also rejected suggestions that they were breaching the spirit of the companies act.
researchers have found a 90% fall in levels of the human papilloma virus (HPV) in Scottish women since the vaccine was made available in 2008. scientists hope the drop in HPV cases will lead to a significant drop in future cervical cancer cases.
warnock says he was disappointed he did not get a chance with villa in the summer. the 67-year-old believes former Hull boss Steve Bruce is the right man for the job. warncock believes Bruce deserved a crack at the england job
Helmut Oberlander has fought three prior attempts by canada to strip his citizenship. he says he was forced to act as a translator for the Einsatzkommando and did not participate in atrocities. his lawyer says canada "appears prepared to hound Mr Oberlander
the annual Bank of Scotland Business Digital Index assessed small firms in five key skills needed to get the most out of being online. fewer than a third of small businesses north of the border lacked these basic skills. this compares to a UK average of 38%, only London rivals Scotland
the wider S&P 500 index was up 11.18 points to 2,099.73. the tech-focused Nasdaq climbed 36.26 points to 4,859.16. pharmaceutical companies led the market gains.
Syed Ali attacked the teenager in sunderland's mowbray park last year. Ali, from the city's Barnes area, was found guilty after a trial at Newcastle crown court. det insp Phil bond said Ali had "preyed on his victim, befriending
Mercedes say they have strengthened their rules of engagement to include "greater deterrents to contact between our cars" boss toto wolff said the drivers faced "sporting and financial consequences" the move follows their last-lap collision when Hamilton was trying to pass nico rosberg
in 2015, the authorities banned 11 popular pornography websites. they said many failed to protect children "from information harmful to their health" sexually explicit content is not outlawed in Russia, but the law bans "the illegal production, dissemination and advertisement of pornographic materials and objects"
the Victorian society releases its annual list, which it says names those in urgent need of help and protection. the charity's director, Christopher costello, said it had "simply got far more nominations from other regions" no properties in London and the south-east have been mentioned for the first time
nouri maliki is bidding for a third term, presenting himself as the only candidate capable of defeating a growing al-Qaeda-inspired insurgency. but sunni Arabs and Kurds accuse him of being too authoritarian and pro-Shia
Ms Maréchal-Le Pen, 27, is an MP for the FN. she is the granddaughter of FN founder Jean-Marie le Pen. analysts say she takes more of a hardline position than her aunt.
england face wales at the principality stadium on friday night. the visitors lost 29-13 to scotland at twickenham on saturday. it would be the worst championship for the south west side since 2010.
the group damaged windows at the mold branch before damaging cars elsewhere. a local resident also needed hospital treatment after being assaulted. seven people have been bailed and one released without charge.
report focuses on the impact of sea level rises on the dawlish to Teignmouth line. line connects Cornwall and Devon to the rest of the uk. 10% of journeys on line could be affected by 2040.
train firm will refund difference in cost between mainline and high speed fares. southeastern will also give season ticket-holders a backdated 20% refund. dover MP Charlie Elphicke said line still needed repairing quickly.
Florence and the machine promoted to headline slot at Glastonbury festival. feminist punk band pussy Riot make theatrical protest in front of the park stage. motorhead, mark Ronson and an unconfirmed band, rumoured to be the libertines, on Pyramid
assembly spokesman says presiding officer will reply to leader of Welsh conservatives soon. he complained that Dawn bowden referred to "goebbels-like propaganda from the right-wing media" in a recent debate.
business news should look to add value to its audience, says presenter. viewers increasingly want to watch and listen at a time when they want to, he says. audiences are now more informed than ever before, especially in business, says Yueh.
midfielder Christensen has played more than 50 games for the london side. the 22-year-old has not started a Championship match this season. striker cauley woodrow has scored twice in the efl cup against leyton orient.
three mothers of children with Down's syndrome set up a charity to help them and their families. 21 plus offers speech and language therapy, school help and annual education conferences. finalists in national citizenship category of the prestigious national st David awards.
Joel andresier, 39, said the pushchair had been covered in "every bodily fluid known to science" at one stage the highest bid for the three-wheeler stood at more than £150,000. he reset the price after admitting he did not expect the bidder to pay
Rabobank trader pleads guilty to trying to rig the yen Libor rate. Paul Robson is the second trader at the Dutch bank to plead guilty. prosecutors say he conspired to manipulate submissions to benefit trading positions.
"i'm looking forward to a new challenge and something a bit different," says arundel. he made 44 first-team appearances for the tigers, scoring 16 tries. director of rugby: "we're trying to build a culture and winning mentality
chief executive of the nuffield trust says a seven-day NHS is a good aspiration. but he says the hundreds of millions of pounds it will cost could be better spent elsewhere. health secretary Jeremy hunt says doctors agree with his claims.
two-time world champion Helen Jenkins wins her first world series race since 2012. the 32-year-old also beats her english rival Jodie stampson at the gold coast. official selection announcement due in June for the british contingent in Rio.
it is understood the PSNI asked the NCA to take the lead because of the complexity and scale of the investigation. investigators from the agency will also investigate claims about money contained in an Isle of Man bank account. it is the NCa's first major investigation since it began operating in northern Ireland in
Silicon valley tycoons plan to build a giant aircraft to launch spaceships. the plane would be wider than the biggest aircraft ever, the hollywood Spruce goose. first test flights are scheduled to begin in 2016.
RSPB Scotland opposed the developments over concerns for wildlife. the projects could provide power for 1.4 million homes. judge Lord Stewart ruled that the Scottish ministers were in breach of the law.
Andrew steele confessed to raping one girl and touching another between 1996 and 2005. he was initially released pending further investigations but was detained months later. Steele told officers his mother was "up in the sky" urging him to confess.
Zabair Hussain, 41, was discovered with multiple injuries to his head and body. he later died at the scene in Staniforth Road, darnall, Sheffield. officers believe a number of men were involved in an assault and have appealed for witnesses.
340,000 people have fled violence in south Sudan into neighbouring Uganda. violence flared in july and spread to the previously peaceful southern Equatoria states. u.n. officials rarely use the words "genocide" and "ethnic cleansing"
Kenny Miller and Joe dodoo score in 3-0 win over ibrox dons. win cuts gap on leaders scottish champions to nine points. nigel pearson's side have won 10 home league games in a row.
the Swaledale ram, who is officially classed as a soldier, received his promotion for "good behaviour" the 30th in a line of mascot rams running back to the Indian Mutiny War in the mid-19th Century.
the death toll from Sunday's suicide bombing in baghdad has again been raised, from 281 to 292. IS said five of its members had carried out the raid on the site in balad. about 50 people were injured in the attack, police and medical sources say.
'binge-watch' is a word used to describe a large number of television shows. its usage was up 200% on 2014. dadbod refers to an untoned and slightly plump male physique.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari quits after humiliating defeat by germany. the 65-year-old's contract was set to expire at the end of the tournament. vice president Marco Polo del Nero has offered the coach his full backing.
drugs such as tamoxifen and bulsufan are now 10 times more expensive despite no longer being under patent. the department for health said it has plans to cut generic drug costs. researchers estimated the cost of these price rises to the NHS was around £380m a
the $5m (??3.2m) prize is supposed to be awarded each year to an elected leader. this is the fourth time in five years there has been no winner. Kenya's Mwai Kibaki met at least one of the criteria, after he stepped down as president earlier
yellow "be aware" warnings are also in place for Scotland for Wednesday to Saturday. storm could see winds gusting to 90mph over western and northern parts of Scotland. forecasters have warned of possible disruption to power supplies.
Michelle Terry will take over from Emma rice in April 2018. she has performed at the Globe in as you like it, a midsummer night's dream and love's labour's lost. Terry won an Olivier award for her performance in Tribes at the royal court in 2010
Angharad bullock, 39, was reported missing along with the toddler. south Wales police are concerned for the welfare of the pair.
frontwoman Jillian Hervey and co-writer Lucas goodman first came to attention in 2012 with treat me like fire. the duo have worked with the likes of mark Ronson, childish Gambino and Pharrell Williams, who produced their new single wonder woman.
the mural, called Slave labour, disappeared from a wall in wood green, north london. it appeared in a Miami sale but was removed from the lot after protests by Haringey council. the mural depicts a boy hunched over a sewing
revenues down 32.2% for the period to 16.4bn macau patacas ($2.05bn; £1.36bn) expectations were for a fall in revenues of just over 31%. macau is the world's largest gaming centre - ahead of las
100 writers protest outside the Sahitya Akademi, calling for measures to protect freedom of speech. writers have returned their awards in recent weeks, protesting against what they call rising intolerance in india. a number of writers have also returned awards to protest the institution's "s
college governing body agrees to cut two of its six BA programmes and one of its three MA courses to save money. principal Chris Wilkes said the decision was related to "low student numbers rather than any other reason" online petitions have been set up in a bid to save the english faculty and the
police say lodger David Ellis, 40, has been arrested in northern ireland. they are liaising with garda officers in connection with his extradition back to the uk. 59-year-old retired telecoms engineer has not been seen since 31 July.
Slovak Sagan won an uphill sprint to take his second victory of the race. frenchman Thibaut Pinot moved second overall behind leader Nairo Quintana. british team sky rider geraint Thomas was fourth on the stage.
the 30-year-old won 61 caps for England after making his senior debut in 2009. he was a squad member at two world cups and two european championships. the former manchester city man played just three minutes at euro 2016.
arsenal drew 2-2 with Hull in their 100th FA cup game under arsene wenger. the two sides made a total of 19 changes between them from their previous games. arsenal had two penalty claims denied and had chances to win the game.
Huawei says some of its patents have been used in Samsung's phones without its permission. the action comes at a time when Oracle and google are waiting for a verdict in a copyright trial.
killing of Saif al-arab is a grievous strategic error - militarily insignificant but diplomatically disastrous. a strike on the Bab al-Aziziya compound has produced little military result. the death is redolent of the 1986 raid on the same compound that killed
the car was discovered on Sunday at 09:35 GMT by two cyclists. a spokesman said the black Ford fiesta appeared to have hit a tree. the girl, in the back of the car, was treated at hospital for minor injuries.
talks between the uk and Scottish governments on the fiscal framework continued over the weekend. no agreement has yet been announced, but peers agreed to go ahead with detailed scrutiny of the new powers contained in the Scotland Bill. tory former Scottish secretary Lord forsyth had called for the final day's committee
images appear to confirm china has deployed anti-aircraft missiles on island. island is claimed by china, Taiwan and Vietnam and presence of missiles would increase tensions. china dismissed the reports as "hype", but said it had the right under international law to defend itself.
downing street said it was "disappointing" that the vote had to be postponed. the government has said the hunting vote will now be held after plans to give english MPs a veto on matters affecting only England.
terms of reference for inquiry could be too "narrow" and residents not properly consulted, says mr corbyn. he wants interim report on cause of fire by september, followed by wider probe. presumed death toll stands at 80, police have warned the final figure will not
Ospreys have signed tight head Brian mujati to provide injury cover. Dmitri arhip and ma'afu fia are currently sidelined with injury. Rhodri Jones is in the six nations squad for wales.
aiden webb, 22, from Norwich, was climbing fansipan mountain alone on Friday. he fell down a ravine and lost his way on the 3,100m (10,300ft) high mountain. his girlfriend, bluebell Baughan, said he injured his arm and knee
service for rugby league legend Harry jepson took place at headingley stadium earlier. former players past and present were among those to pay tribute to Mr Jepson. a book of remembrance has been opened for fans in the club shop.
the zoo says new scientific tests have given a "strong indication" of pregnancy. the panda was artificially inseminated earlier this year after attempts to bring her together with male partner, Yang Guang, failed. Tian Tian also conceived last year, but
a shortlist of 10 birds has been chosen by online voters on his campaign's website. the RSPB said the lack of a national bird for Britain was a "glaring omission" the robin has emerged as an early favourite, but the hen harrier is
lookalike reportedly calls himself harald Hitler. man spotted outside house in Braunau am inn in which he was born. police spokesman said this was not a joke or piece of performance art.
Adrian fatchett, 52, was injured at a house in highfield avenue, athersley south. he died on saturday night despite being treated at the scene by paramedics. 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed
the Hammersmith and city line has been suspended between Edgware road and Hammersmith. the circle line is also closed partly due to the fire and partly because of planned engineering work. transport for London said the move had been made "at the request of the London fire brigade"
batsman root is the favourite to take over from alastair cook. the 26-year-old has been vice-captain to cook since may 2015. root has scored 4,594 Test runs since making his debut on 13 December 2012.
more than 11% of all internet traffic is believed to be illegally shared, copyrighted content. internet piracy may seem appealing for those accustomed to cheaper access, experts say. film studios agree, arguing that internet piratery costs them millions in lost revenue.
Burnley beat blackburn 1-0 at Turf moor to move four points clear of third-placed hull. first time clarets have beaten blackburn in 38 years and take them a point above middlesbrough. blackburn's Elliott Bennett's powerful effort is
the first of these models will be a new mid-sized sports saloon car to be introduced in 2015. the money will be spent on designing systems to allow the chassis of future models to be made out of aluminium. announcement was made at the Frankfurt motor show by JLR chief executive Ral
Corey Whitely's goal ends an impressive 10-match unbeaten run for the hosts. he controlled and dispatched under Ryan Clarke with the confidence of a striker.
Hartlepool united beat notts county 2-1 at the northern gas and power stadium. toto nsiala had given the hosts the lead in the eighth minute. but Jon Stead equalised for the hosts with 14 minutes remaining.
Josh Hanson was stabbed in the neck at the RE bar in eastcote, hillingdon. about 40 people were in the bar at the time of the attack. no arrests have yet been made.
this year's list includes yew trees, ancient oaks, hawthornes and the sycamore under which the tolpuddle martyrs first met. experts at the trust whittled down 200 public nominations to four shortlists for
the 75-year-old was recovered unconscious from the water at Tywyn, by a crew from Aberdovey RNLI lifeboat at 16:14 BST on Saturday. he was flown to hospital by the coastguard rescue helicopter but later died. three people including a 16
the firm said a consultation process "had failed to secure a strategy" it said it was retaining the factory on the town's Europarc industrial estate. employees were given confirmation of the plant's closure on Wednesday.
jellyfish blooms have appeared along the shoreline on Anglesey in the last three weeks. the cold spring meant there were few reports of jellyfish before June. swimmers are advised to "look but don't touch" and to treat stings with vinegar.
Bethany hill, 20, was found dead with neck injuries in Stratford-upon-avon last year. it is alleged she was killed by Jack Williams, 21, and his girlfriend, Kayleigh woods, 23. the pair, who are on trial at warwick crown court, deny
the baby was delivered at 16:24 BST at the hospital in west London. the duke is based at RAF valley on Anglesey, north Wales, where he and his wife share a cottage.
the 22-year-old comes in to replace cory hill, who was called up by the british and Irish lions. coach Robin McBryde has made seven changes in all to the side that started against tonga. two uncapped players - scrum-half
inspector Harold Stephens said the county plan was "unrealistic and flawed" the council has wanted him to reassess his findings but he has refused. the authority has now said it will take that decision to court.
immigration officers do not know how many of those told to leave the UK have actually left. many of these people are foreign students and if they do not leave when told to do so, they are added to the "migration refusal pool" immigration minister Damian green blamed the last government.
the first minister is one of six uk representatives in the annual list of world's most powerful and influential women. german Chancellor Angela Merkel topped the list for the sixth year in a row. presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton was placed second, with Janet Yellen, chairwoman of the
50 sheep were stolen from a farm in ammanford and the farmer spotted a flock two weeks later at a livestock market in Llanybydder. after the ewes gave birth, paternity tests revealed they were the offspring of the farmer's rams
Blake created the majority of his books from a printing studio in the Hercules Buildings in hercule's road, lambeth. the studio was destroyed when the building was razed in 1918. the exhibition is on until 1 march 2015.
the EIU says he could disrupt the global economy and heighten political and security risks in the US. it does not expect him to defeat Hillary Clinton who it sees as "his most likely democratic contender" he is rated as riskier than Britain leaving the european union or an armed clash in
each of the two companies has more than 5,000 staff. the deal is expected to produce €250m in annual cost savings in five years. if the deal goes ahead, shareholders will own 45.6% of the new holding company.
Russian ex-pat co-founder of first banya in London says half of its customers are non-russians. the 37-year-old dreamed of opening the bathhouse for more than a decade. after finding the right building, two other investors came on board.
sky mobile will offer flexible monthly payment plans and the ability to roll over unused data each month for up to three years. existing sky TV customers will not have to pay for calls or texts and can compile playlists of their favourite shows to watch on their mobiles. non-sky TV customers can
a non-binding ballot will begin next month asking australians their views on same-sex marriage. if it shows support, it is expected that a vote in parliament will follow. Mr Joyce has faced criticism from some politicians who say he should not take a political stance
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores twice as manchester united hold hull to a 1-1 draw. keeper makes six saves to keep out goals from Juan mata and paul pogba. the draw keeps united in sixth place, but moves the visitors off bottom of the table
the man was struck at Kentish town station in north-west london. the 28-year-old was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
Mercedes driver equals michael schumacher's pole position with sensational lap at spa. mercedes team-mate and title rival Sebastian Vettel was second, ahead of red bull's max verstappen. ferrari's valtteri bott
a hole in Kayden's diaphragm meant he needed a simple operation to mend the hole. bowels and stomach had entered his chest through the hole, and he died a few days later. his parents, Julie and Shannon, are now barely coping
blogger posted screenshots suggesting a carmarthenshire councillor shared a facebook post by a far-right group. the post said: "When a dog attacks a child it is put down. shouldn't we do the same with sex predators?" councillor Te
Saints go level on points with second-placed dons after 2-1 win at ibrox. visitors had several chances in second half with alston firing against the post. garner had a header saved for the hosts from a corner.
second-place finishers usually become the "next in line" for the Republican nomination. texan entered the race roundly disliked by his Washington colleagues. he exited it with support of more than seven million primary voters. hillary clinton's loss to ob
the man, named as Josh Pitt from leighton buzzard, died from a single gunshot wound. he was fatally injured after police attended a property in hibbert street, Luton. the IPCC said body-worn video footage from some of the officers will be analyse
former england captain will leave chelsea this summer. the 36-year-old has made 717 appearances for the london club. he is a five-time premier league title winner with the blues.
Wasps score three tries to take a 31-9 lead at AJ bell stadium. new signing denny Solomona scores a hat-trick in his first five matches. willie leroux sets up a try for Kurtley beale 11 minutes from
three-time champion Lewis Hamilton has just taken his 50th win in f1. the englishman is three times better as a driver now than he was in 2013. but is there a faster driver with more natural talent in the sport today?
troops have rescued 150 people from the worst-hit site in central sri lanka. five more bodies were found at the site of another mudslide in the district. bad weather is hampering the army's efforts to reach possible survivors.
american sprinter records time of 19.57 seconds in 200m in Oregon. betters his 19.68 secs time in may which was the best in the world. will go up against usain bolt in both events at world championships in china.
Israeli media reports revealed $127,000 of public money was spent on fitting the room. the cost was incurred by having four walls and door installed around a double bed. flight from Israel to the UK takes about five-and-a-half hours.
the law, AFSPA, was introduced in the region in 1990 as a response to violence by insurgent groups. tens of thousands of security forces are deployed in Indian-administered Kashmir. the report says not a single member of the armed forces has been tried
the sentencing of David Gilroy, who killed Suzanne Pilley, is due to take place next week. twitter use has been allowed before in a Scottish court but it will be the first time. prosecutors believed that the 49-year-old buried his former lover.
mail online pays £150,000 in libel damages to the Mahmood family. Hopkins wrongly said the family had links to al-Qaeda in two articles. family wants a personal apology by phone from Hopkins herself.
Lego refused a bulk order for bricks to be used in a new artwork about political dissidents. toymaker Lego said it never sold directly to anyone wanting to use its product to make a political statement. the artist has since been deluged with offers of Lego from supporters
Miranda says she felt "exhilarated" to be making her west end debut as orphanage owner. the role of miss Hannigan takes Miranda "outside her plummy-pleasant comfort-zone" the musical is set in 1930s new york during the great depression.
investigation by northampton borough council found 21 homeless people in the town. the people were "resolutely refusing to leave the streets", the report said. council officials held talks with 30 organisations to develop a plan to eliminate rough sleeping by 2017.
by law, he must stand down as president in 2013, having completed two consecutive terms. to some he will always be the hero of the rose revolution, sweeping away corruption. but to others he is the leader who rashly sparked a dangerous war with Russia.
CAS says the number of employment cases it has seen has risen by 12% in the last four years. it said the most common issues involved low pay, withheld wages and unfair dismissal. CAS has highlighted the issues in a report to the Scottish Parliament.
Paulo Dybala and Mario mandzukic gave the visitors a commanding 2-0 lead at the former Olympic stadium, now known as the London stadium. Andy Carroll pulled a goal back and then headed the equaliser before Simone Zaza hit the winner for Juventus. west ham left
most of the deaths resulted from a stampede as hundreds of students rushed to escape the blaze. twenty-five others were injured in the fire which broke out as students were sleeping. the government has closed the boarding school and ordered a full investigation into the fire.
14 Olympians, four of them gold medallists, are taking part in the event. european champion Victoria Thornley continues in the single scull. two Rio 2016 paralympic champions grace cleugh and james fox are part of the mixed coxe
the players each represent one of the four Welsh regions. the quartet have made more than 370 regional appearances between them. dual contracts are funded 60% by the Welsh rugby union and 40% by the regions.
the 32-year-old was available on a free transfer after being released by west ham. Cole also played for Chelsea, Liverpool and on loan at Lille. manager Paul Lambert has also signed former arsenal defender Philippe Senderos.
home secretary david cameron gave a speech warning of the implications of a vote to leave the EU. but in April - before the EU referendum - the then home secretary gave warnings. "big question is whether, in the event of Brexit, we would be able to negotiate
more than 3,000 beekeepers asked to send photos, videos and audio files from hives. the noises will be analysed at the school of pharmacy in Cardiff. research will also help them learn where the bees find their feed.
Lincoln city beat oldham athletic 3-1 in the third round of the fa cup. theo robinson scored the opening goal for the visitors. oldham have now failed to win in five matches in all competitions.
committee accuses department of making "fundamental errors" and failing to learn from "previous disasters" a spokesman said the department had taken steps to ensure there could be no repeat of the failure. but labour accused ministers of "hiding behind their civil servants"
physicist and chemist Marie curie was turned down for membership of the french academy of sciences in 1911, the very year she went on to win her second Nobel Prize. but many female scientists in the past were not given the credit they deserved for their achievements.
Lines, 47, beats hendry, 48, 3-0 at the event in Scunthorpe. the winner of the event will qualify for the world championship qualifying event.
newspaper sales figures for the first half of the year show decline at more than 10%. "scotland on sunday" saw print sales fall more than 20%. the Sunday Herald found a niche by backing the independence cause.
former health minister suggests a dedicated tax on every payslip for the NHS. lib dems say he would like to implement the ideas across the uk. but it is unclear how this would be enforced as health and social care are devolved.
ex-scotland midfielder says he can turn Clyde around despite only one win in 12 games. the 39-year-old says if they want to get into the play-offs, they need to win on saturday. he says his side
for many, the EU remains a "one-way" street, as another man put it. for some younger Greeks, exit is attractive idea, or at least the abandonment of hated euro. there is marble-cold anger at the relentless impoverishment of a nation on
ground surveys pointed to parts being present just four meters below the surface. aviation historians and queens university Belfast archaeologists excavated cockpit door. pilot - Gordon Hayter proctor - had bailed out of the plane after his instruments froze. the plane, which
free taxis stopped for pupils living 12 miles from Ysgol Brynhyfryd, denbighshire. parents claim their children's route to the bus stop is too dangerous to walk. council spokeswoman says policy was agreed after "extensive consultation" and
the 6.2-magnitude quake struck in the early hours of wednesday. the town of amatrice was among the worst affected areas. a mass at the cathedral was led by the archbishop of Glasgow, Philip Tartaglia.
the annual Bald archy prize for satirical art has been launched. it's a colourful way to get to know some of the main protagonists. the national party leader made his mark on social media timeline in 2015.
Mercedes's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was 0.035secs slower than his teammate. red bull's Fernando alonso and Jenson Button were unexpectedly high in 13th and 14th places as others struggled. it remains to be
Benjamin Hyland-Ward faces nine counts of fraud by false representation. the 18-year-old is due to appear before Brighton Magistrates' court on 24 march.
official celebrations are planned, as well as large protests from pro-democracy and pro-beijing camps. the visit comes amid an increasingly tense political climate. parts of the city are under a tight security lockdown amid worries of further protests.
a live video of a protest in front of the new chief minister's residence has gone viral. a close aide to the late chief minister J Jayalalitha was appointed to the post. the recording of Ms Ashraf's live video has been viewed 4
prosecutors say they have been charged with negligently causing a serious accident. the landslide happened when a hill of construction waste collapsed. officials have described the 20 December disaster as man-made.
air pollution blamed for about 2,000 premature deaths in Scotland each year. ClientEarth has already won a landmark ruling against the UK government. group has warned the Scottish government could also face legal action.
police shootings aren't uncommon in the u.s. but events in Ferguson and Baltimore have propelled these issues to the top of the agenda. recent protests on the streets of Cleveland show campaigners are keeping up momentum in raising the wider issues of police brutality.
four blasts in Sayyida Zeinab, south of damascus, killed at least 83 people, state media says. a monitoring group reported that 57 people, mainly civilians, were killed in a double car bombing in Homs.
championship winners will go up automatically if they meet'minimum standard criteria' Jersey and Yorkshire Carnegie are among clubs that are in favour of the change. as part of the new agreement between the rugby football union and premiership rugby, Championship clubs will be given increased funding.
experts say a slump in oil prices, cheap steel imports, and china's economic slowdown are to blame. Pembrokeshire council has seen the price it gets for steel drop by 88% over the year. Flintshire has had the price for plastics halved.
there's a big focus on the meetings between some of the world's largest countries, but there is a second, parallel conference going on. this one features the CEOs of some of world’s largest corporations with big operations in the region, like the us retailing giant walmart.
boy excluded from school after another child was threatened in the playground. no-one was injured in the incident and a knife was recovered. dumfries and galloway council described behaviour as "totally unacceptable"
former world champion and BBC Sport pundit Ken doherty assesses the contenders. most of the leading players have won a tournament so far this season. defending champion Neil Robertson triumphed at the Wuxi Classic in June.
red bull qualified 1.3 seconds off pole position in australia's grand prix. that is a lot off the pace of last year, when they were 1.6 seconds off. team boss Christian Horner believes they need to find 'a good half a second' to get into the fight.
a record-breaking 84.6% of scots voted no to independence in 2014. but things have changed since then, most notably the decision by the uk to leave the eu. some believe that voting for independence is a vote for a fairer politics
more than 50 traders will open later night with special events and promotions to tempt shoppers back into the city centre. private car parking company Smart Parking said it would be waiving charges on Thursday and Friday afternoons in the run up to christmas. the traders said their "first Thursday" promotion could be
all-rounder has been included in the T20 squad to face Sri Lanka on 5 July. the 26-year-old left-armer and batsman was part of the world t20 squad in march. he failed to make an appearance during the run to the world T20 final
a bomb exploded under the car of a Catholic constable in Omagh on saturday. no group has claimed responsibility for the attack but dissident republicans have been blamed. members of his gaelic football club joined his police colleagues in a highly symbolic guard of honour
Lord Advocate says it has been a "real privilege" to lead prosecution service in scotland. he added that it was time to "step down and do other things" Nicola sturgeon described him as "an outstanding Lord Advocate"
the incident happened at unst harbour about 06:50. there were no passengers on board and no-one was injured. the ferry is currently alongside with the fire brigade pumping out water.
Leigh-Anne Mahachi, 22, was discovered at a property in Gleadless valley. she died later in hospital from multiple stab wounds. a 37-year-old man from colchester, Essex, remains in police custody.
the 21-year-old is named alongside noel gallagher and miley cyrus. she is the youngest member of parliament elected to the house of commons since 1880.
noel conway, 67, was diagnosed in November 2014 and is not expected to live beyond 12 months. he attended court in a wheelchair and on a ventilator. the case is the first heard since the law was challenged in 2014 and 2015.
porto beat bayern munich 2-0 in the first leg of their europa league quarter-final. winger Ricardo quaresma opened the scoring with a penalty after a foul on xabi alonso. former barcelona man quare
the family of Radwan hamed say they are "relieved" a settlement has been reached. the teenager collapsed during a game in 2006 and suffered oxygen starvation. a judge ruled last year that the club breached its duties to him.
the pirates of the Caribbean star will play the title role in therese raquin. the play is based on the 1867 classic and will open in new york in autumn 2015. knightley has previously appeared in the misanthrope and the children's hour.
Messi made his decision in June after missing a penalty in the shootout as Argentina lost to Chile in the Copa America. argentina coach Bauza wants to talk to the forward about the possibility of him being called up. the top four after 18 matches qualify for the finals in Russia
note from teen star tucked into pages of comic book he had damaged. he wrote: "i am sorry that a page ripped when it fell out of my bunk when I fell asleep reading. it won't happen again. i'm sorry, from Jackson." note shared
waites thrashes Jeff Smith 7-1 in Sunday's final at lakeside. the 38-year-old had an operation on a rotator cuff problem in february. he is the eighth man to win the BDO title on more than one occasion
the 30-year-old had scans to diagnose the injury on monday. he joined the dragons from Leeds at the end of 2015. the papua new guinea player played 94 games for both wakefield and Leeds.
the man, who was 31, was shot by police on Francis street at around 09:35 GMT. the IPCC said officers had fired more than one shot at the man. armed officers had been sent to the area following reports of a man carrying an axe.
the 25-year-old forward has been signed for the second half of the womens super league season. blues fought off competition from some major european sides to sign Linden. she is the third german to join this season following the arrivals of corina schroder and maris
Mr Ashley has until 21 march to respond after a letter from hartlepool MP Iain Wright. the letter reveals he invited the business, innovation and skills select committee.
Wales coach robert gatland says there has been no alcohol ban in his squad. "there has been a sea-shift in terms of the professionalism and the way we have prepared," he adds. the Welsh face france in the semi-finals of the world cup
Dundee beat well 5-1 in their premiership clash at dens park. a Marcus haber double and goals from mark o'hara and Craig Wighton made it 5-1 at half time. the result was the biggest away win of the season in the premiership.
Mauricio pochettino admits he may need to add "more quality" to his squad. a 2-1 defeat at Monaco seals their exit from the champions league. it was spurs' third defeat in five games, following reverses at wembley against
six people were on a raft on the thunder river rapids ride when it flipped. police said it was "almost a miracle" that a boy and a girl who were on the raft survived. friends and colleagues of those who died have been speaking out.
police raided 43-year-old's home in Dundee following a tip-off in february. officers found drugs including more than 2.5 kg of heroin with a street value of £263,000. Nicholson will be sentenced on 11 may after admitting being concerned
former argentina and chile boss resigned from french club Marseille in august. he led spanish club athletic bilbao to the 2012 Europa league and copa del rey finals. Swansea parted company with garry monk on Wednesday
Neel Croos, 26, died from a head injury following a fight in mitcham, london. he had been attacked by a rival faction of the Tooting Boys gang. one witness said he heard someone say in Tamil: "there they are. go
Asian investors are, frankly, fed up with waiting for the fed to raise rates. when the us raises rates, the us dollar tends to rise which means other currencies depreciate. that's going to hurt some emerging markets - in particular, Indonesia, Malaysia and possibly india.
Alistair spagnoletti, 21, of Luton, and Curtis Walker, 23, of watford, pleaded guilty to controlling a child at Harrow crown court. police said the men groomed a 17-year-old girl into prostitution in one of the most
the 26-year-old fractured his right ankle while on international duty with belgium. the operation on Monday was "successful", but that Hazard will not return to training for approximately three months. the new premier league season is due to begin on 12 august.
the body of a man in his 70s was found at a house in little gaddesden, near Berkhamsted. detectives want to question 55-year-old Ian John McLoughlin. he is described as white, about 6ft (1.8m)
Zachary Barker, nine, died in hospital after the collision in Leek, in Staffordshire. his mother Stephanie said she wanted others to "benefit from his short life" she said transplants meant "even in death" he could carry on helping.
former london irishman injured in loss at home to Newcastle. 29-year-old can play in the second or back row. "he really hurt his neck and he has got pins and needles in his arms and through his hands"
eight-day hearing in Ebbw vale is examining the request to take over 250 hectares (600 acres) of common land. backers, including Blaenau gwent council, have offered around 320 hectare (800 acres) replacement land. inquiry has heard conflicting accounts
Garry Thompson scored a 90th-minute winner to give the Shrimps all three points. Mohamed Eisa gave the Robins the lead two minutes from the break in controversial circumstances. the 36-year-old joined the club in the summer after nine years away.
there are around 200 suicides a year of people cared for by crisis teams. a third had been discharged from hospital in the previous fortnight. crisis resolution/home treatment teams are made up of psychiatrists, mental health nurses, social workers and support workers.
two diarmuid murtagh goals helped Connacht lead 2-3 to 0-3 at half-time. Aidan Breen replied with an Ulster goal as the hosts took control. despite losing Chrissy McKaigue to a black card, Ulster hit 1-4
the state of Holyrood's coffee was raised during questions about staff and services. Ms Fabiani suggested the complainers could use "very good coffee bags" and "some really hot water" she was answering on behalf of the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body.
dr goodall said a choice may have to be made between emergency care and non-urgent surgery. two hospitals, Morriston in Swansea and the princess of Wales in bridgend, have already cancelled some surgical procedures until after christmas.
in the first decade of this century, the number of Ethiopians living in poverty dropped by a third. in the last five years, child mortality has come down by two-thirds. british taxpayers are giving over £300m ($466m) a year
the men became stranded after their boat lost engine power. three lifeboats and a rescue helicopter went to the scene. the fishermen are fine but had a lucky escape.
the eight-day race starts with a 4km time trial on sunday. the Criterium is a precursor to the Tour which begins on 2 July. team sky's froome has won the race in each of the last two years.
the red sand boa is a protected species, and looks like it has two heads. its tail is shaped like its head to help it defend itself. many believe it brings good luck or has medicinal qualities.
Dilma Rousseff was dismissed last week after the Senate found her guilty of manipulating the budget. she denies wrongdoing and has dismissed her impeachment as a "coup d'etat".
Derry were held to a 0-0 draw by wexford in the scottish championship. goalkeeper Gerard doherty made a string of fine saves for derry.
Llanberis mountain rescue was called out a record 43 times to wales and england's highest peak in august. chairman of the team of volunteers said many of those tackling the peak were unprepared. visit Wales' recent year of adventure campaign encouraged visitors to "Find
uefa does not have the power to block the deal. clubs will face sanctions if they fail to abide by financial fair play rules. a club like PSG can spend 30m euros more than it earns. the rules were introduced to stop clubs accumulating too much
Colin Kazim-Richards has the potential to set Celtic Park alight if he lives up to his market value. Patrick Roberts moved to manchester city in the summer for about £12m. the 18-year-old winger has 18 months with the reigning
site has been largely inaccessible for the last 24 hours, and the service is intermittent in the UK. TPB has confirmed the attack on its facebook page, saying that it did not know who was behind it. a provider of DDoS defence systems said that it was unlikely that the attack
open bionics' hand can be 3D-scanned and built in less than two days. a single flex of the wearer's muscles opens and closes the fingers. the 25-year-old inventor intends to charge customers £2,000 for the device.
the latest opinion poll on Tuesday placed him third, on 19%, several points behind centrist Emmanuel Macron and marine le pen of the far-right national front. tens of thousands of people turned out in the rain to rally around him on Sunday. but his handling of the allegations against him has
the A&E unit at Telford's princess royal hospital could be downgraded. women's and children's services would also be moved to the royal Shrewsbury. the proposals have been made by the NHS 'future fit' board.
Celtic midfielder will win his 50th cap if he features in a friendly against Denmark. the 30-year-old was signed from hibernian by the coach when he was in charge of Celtic. six players could earn their first senior caps at the age of 18.
the government gave the go-ahead for the plant which will power nearly six million homes. it will be the UK's first new nuclear plant in a generation. business secretary Greg Clark said that signing the contract was a "crucial moment"
SSAFA said there were more than 3,000 calls to Forcesline from serving troops last year. the service was set up at the army's request after four recruits died at its deepcut barracks. a second inquest is taking place into the death of one of those recruits
more than 500 images were recovered from Dymond's computers and phones. he was also placed on the sex offenders' register for 10 years. judge tells him: "you ought to know that children are grievously abused"
a majority of labour MPs are deeply uncomfortable with Jeremy corbyn's leadership. but his is a leadership his party members want, overwhelmingly so. the tactics of any coup attempt revolve around the different views of what might have to occur.
Hong kong's fu hit back with a 72, and the pair shared four frames after the mid-session interval. world number one selby went 3-0 ahead with half-centuries in frames two and three. china's Ding Junhui leads Alan McManus 6-2
scotland face Iceland at falkirk stadium on friday in a euro 2016 qualifier. the hosts have won all five qualifiers to date and are in pole position for finals. germany's joachim low's side are second in their group, one point
Ann Maguire, 61, was killed at corpus Christi Catholic college in Leeds, in 2014. 16-year-old pupil will cornick was jailed for a minimum of 20 years after admitting her murder. her family said due to cornick's guilty plea the evidence was
arsenal manager arsene wenger has yet to say whether he will sign a new contract. but he believes the spirit he has created at the club can live on without him. wenger could field as many as five english players in Sunday's FA cup semi-final.
no-one younger than 18 or older than 75 would be allowed to climb mount everest. ministry of tourism could also insist that all climbers have previous mountaineering experience. Nepal makes millions of dollars every year from the everest industry.
Michael Luciw, 27, from Nottingham, was a passenger in a van that was hit by a Mazda premacy. he was being driven the wrong way on the motorway by Albert Kenneth newman. age UK said it was "vital" older people could drive for as long
Brock Turner, 21, assaulted a woman outside a fraternity house in california. he was sentenced to six years in prison, but was released after serving three months. judge said positive character references and his remorse were mitigating factors
storms smashed a hole in the sea wall alongside the line above the seafront in south Devon in 2014. the railway line took two months to repair at an estimated cost of £1bn to the local economy. network rail is consulting with Devon and Cornwall residents about the plans.
artist Maurizio cattelan created the fully functional 18-carat gold lavatory. the piece has been installed in one of the Guggenheim's public bathrooms. visitors who pay museum admission will be able to use it as they wish.
an arts symposium and exhibition at the college runs from Friday to Sunday. events mark the centenary of the artist's birth in Milwaukee, wisconsin, in 1916. the painter, who served as a navigator on us bombers, moved to mallaig in 1957
a councillor in the Scottish Borders said she believed people were being short-changed by the rollout of the service. BT has said it has invested heavily in providing services in areas where it was not commercially viable to do so. the BBC Scotland news website asked for your experiences of the
a new target of 500 has been set by education minister chris lewis. conservatives say it amounts to "stagnation" not "aspiration" he said ditching the target was the easy way out and he did not want to lower pupils' ambitions
telecoms provider alerted police after carrying out a data security review. spokeswoman stressed that it had seen no evidence that the suspects had been involved with a high-profile cyber-breach. the unnamed suspects do not work for TalkTalk directly but are instead employed by
the first officer was found shot in urbandale at 01:06 local time (06:06 GMT) the second was found 20 minutes later several blocks away. the motive for the attacks is unclear. mobile phone video shows a man complaining to police about a group of black people.
the government said it was the fifth consecutive annual increase in student teacher places. the total intake next year will be 3,490. a campaign was launched to encourage more people to enter the teaching profession.
Northern Irishman won the tour championship and the $10m (£7.7m) fedex cup. the 47-year-old is one of five vice-captains for the european team. he hopes his two Ryder Cups as a player will be beneficial to the team
the public services union said Yvette cooper was its second choice in the contest. it is seen as a blow to Andy Burnham, who had hoped for union backing. the popularity of Mr Corbyn's campaign has sparked a row within the party.
leader brandt snedeker is on 12 under par - one clear of fellow american Kevin kisner. defending champion phil mickelson is 10 under, level with americans Zach Johnson, Zac Blair and Chez reavie. vijay singh
Leinster back-row returns after fracturing three vertebrae in his back in win over france. Johnny sexton has recovered from a hamstring injury while jared Payne and Sean O'Brien are fit after concussion. grand-slam-chasing
Mike Owen and two senior officers have been suspended following an external review. council leader Rishi shori said the suspensions would allow the three to "focus on responding" to the case.
the firm has switched on its service in 130 additional countries. it said it was still trying to expand to china. as part of its expansion, Netflix has added support for Korean, Chinese and Arabic.
the 51-year-old has been with the Highlanders since December 2013. he won the Scottish cup last year, the club's first major honour. "john will be remembered as a member of a great winning team," said a statement.
athens airport expects 25 million arrivals this year, up from 21 million last year. but why aren't the Greeks manning the barricades in protest against already-announced, painful VAT increases and pension cuts? it may be the calm before the revelation later
Jean McConville, 37, was abducted from her west Belfast home, shot and secretly buried. nobody has ever been charged with her murder. her son, michael, has pledged to continue to seek justice for his mother.
review of 5,000 studies on golf and wellbeing found physical benefits increased with the player's age. the study is part of the gold and health project, led by the world golf foundation. project plans to look at gaps in the research such as golf's links to mental health.
the 36-year-old had played 14 games for the dragons following his move to perpignan. an avulsion fracture and ankle ligament tears ended his involvement. it was his second Super League spell, following a six-game stint with hull in 2011.
the FTSE 100 index of leading blue chip stocks was ahead by 77.95 points, or 1.12%. mining shares were hit by a number of broker downgrades. credit Suisse cut its rating on the company to "neutral" from "outperform"
more than 700,000 private messages between members have also been leaked. details include sensitive information such as whether a member would consider polygamy. the breach was discovered by security researcher Troy hunt.
vice-president tareck el-aissami has been sanctioned by the us treasury. the sanctions freeze his assets in the us and bar him from entering the country. he is seen as a powerful figure within the governing party.
the man, who is a foreign national, was taken to hospital but his injuries are not believed to be life threatening. he was wearing dark clothing and was armed with what police have said was a sharp object.
former spy and author Ted allbeury wrote the novel during heightened cold war tensions in 1980. the 37-year-old novel has attracted a fresh wave of attention as its plot reflects current concerns about us politics today.
land and housing minister Anna Tibaijuka denies any wrongdoing. she is a high-profile casualty in a corruption scandal that has rocked Tanzania's government and energy firms. attorney-general Frederick werema resigned after MPs accused him of
theresa may apologised to the gathered throng for her decision to call the election. it was described as the most human performance they had seen for quite some time. but while her enemies are not breathing down her neck, they are still in the room.
the $13bn fine relates to the sale of securities based on home loans. if confirmed, it would be the biggest settlement ever paid by an us company. last month, JP Morgan was fined almost $1bn in the "London Whale" scandal.
former double world champion misses 2014 cyprus games with knee injury. the 23-year-old aggravated the knee injury when she returned to training. she also underwent surgery on a long-standing shoulder problem.
SKT's win is the third time in four years that it has taken the title. the final ran for six hours and was held in front of almost 20,000 LoL fans. total prize pot for the tournament was $5m with $750,000 going to Samsung.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell puts the visitors in front with a right footed shot. Leon Clarke has a goal disallowed for offside before Greg leigh is sent off. the win keeps the blades in second place in league one.
post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is an anxiety disorder caused by a traumatic event. there is no blood test for PTSD, it instead relies on the judgement of a doctor. symptoms will go away within a month - but others will need psychotherapy or medication.
a selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 6 and 13 January. send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk.
the man was one of 16 people arrested in raids on Sunday. the rest have been released without charge. authorities plan to reopen schools and the metro on Wednesday.
Guy, 20, takes third in the 200m freestyle after missing out on the men's 400m final. british swimmer sebastiaan verschuren wins gold in 200m individual medley. world record holder Ruta meilutyte wins
SCF and NFU Scotland have been calling for increased incentives in a grant scheme available to crofters. the Scottish government is prepared to look at offering loans. western islands council - Comhairle nan Eilean Siar - has welcomed the move.
Koukash has owned the super league team since 2013 but it has stated before he could leave. "my plans are to make sure we win the next few games. we'll see what happens at the end of the season," he said. only 1,759 were in attendance at the
inflation dropped to 2.6% in June from 2.9% the month before. economists had expected no change. the fall in the pound initially lifted the FTSE 100 share index.
carbon is the key ingredient for all life on our planet. but how it acquired its "volatile elements" remains a subject of some debate. a collision between Earth and an embryonic planet like Mercury could provide the answer.
asia's biggest market, japan's Nikkei 225 closed 0.3% higher at 17,014.78. shares in embattled electronics firm sharp rose 9.4% on new reports it was close to a deal with Taiwan's Foxconn. in australia, the AS
police in Arkansas wish to unlock an iPhone and iPod belonging to two teenagers accused of killing a couple. a judge agreed to postpone the case on 28 march to allow prosecutors to ask the FBI for help. Syed farook and his wife were shot dead after killing 14 people in
ayr fc were forced to find a new crest as their old one broke ancient heraldic law. the club's old badge broke ancient law and had to be replaced. designer Jamie Stevenson's entry won 48% of the votes.
the Iceland lorry crashed on woodfield street, Morriston, at about 04:50 BST. a spokeswoman for Iceland said the driver was taken ill at the wheel.
Talha asmal, 17, was one of four suicide bombers who attacked security forces. he would be Britain's youngest known suicide bomber. his family said they were "devastated" by the news.
Michael forney, Jonathan boxill, James desmarais, Matt Nickerson, David Rutherford, mark garside and Brandon Benedict are staying at the SSE arena. it follows the announcement last week that captain Adam Keefe had signed a new deal to remain with the Giants
asad Khan, from Bradford, died three weeks after starting at Beckfoot upper heaton school. his mother found him after forcing her way into his locked bedroom. family maintain he had been bullied.
Damien 'Dee' Fennell faces three charges for a speech he gave last year. the 34-year-old denies the charges and is due to go on trial later this year. he was charged with encouraging acts of terrorism, inviting support for the IRA and
the Welsh Wound Innovation Centre aims to improve treatments and lower hospital admissions and stays. wound care accounts for around 5% of the NHS's overall budget and is rising. the centre is co-headed by Prof Keith harding, head of the university's wound healing research unit.
president Donald Trump ordered a guided missile strike on a Syrian government airfield. the move marks a dramatic turnaround from the president's prior rhetoric. will allies and adversaries interpret this as a sign of flexibility or incoherence? if the president continues to use chemical weapons,
"no-one wants to see that in football, especially at a club I represent," says goalkeeper foderingham. the 26-year-old englishman says it was "difficult when one idiot comes and starts to behave like that" "hopefully he will be all
prince's team contacted specialist, Dr Howard Kornfeld, the day before he died. unable to make it from California to Minnesota immediately, he dispatched his son. son, who works with his father but is not a doctor, arrived at the singer's home
bakehouse close and Riddle's close are among those selected for a makeover. the closes date back to the medieval origins of the city. lighting and artwork will be installed in the little-used closes.
law bans clothing that obscures the identity of the wearer in places like parks and on the street. critics of the law say it could end up excluding women, leaving those who do wear the full veil trapped in their homes. estimates suggest only a few dozen women wear this kind of
woman struck by white BMW 420 coupe on Bradford road, dewsbury. road closed for four hours, with section of nearby Lidl car park also cordoned off. arrested 21-year-old man remains in police custody for questioning.
former british & Irish lions captain retired from rugby in february. the 36-year-old will provide "invaluable technical expertise and advice" he captained his country to successive six nations titles in 2014 and 2015.
QC and barrister was MP for Medway from 1997 to 2010. jumped ship in light of the Brexit campaign and Labour's refusal to stand aside in the Richmond Park by-election.
the total coca-growing area rose from 96,000 hectares in 2015 to 146,000 in 2016. analysts say much of it was due to the end of the eradication of coca crops. but local analysts argue that the rise was caused partly by a hiatus.
RB Leipzig have signed 19-year-old winger Oliver Burke from Nottingham forest. the scotsman is tipped to become the next football superstar in england. he was named in the squad for the opening world cup qualifier against malta.
Dave Lewis started in place of the 28-year-old in the win over utd. Stuart townsend came on for his first game outside the anglo-welsh cup. head coach Rob Baxter says the team will get on with it.
the 23-year-old taekwondo star has become a national hero in his native ivory coast. he stunned third seed Lutalo Muhammad with a four-point score at the death to win 8-6. the gold medal was the Ivory
Southern warns passengers to expect "difficult and frustrating" journeys throughout the day. two further strikes have been announced for 10 and 12 may. Southern said some routes were again suspended or reduced with 700 fewer services across Sussex and east Surrey.
the factory's owner is among those feared dead, local mayor says. several members of his family are either dead or missing. an initial explosion happened shortly after 17:30 (16:30 GMT) on Tuesday. five bodies were found late on Tuesday and emergency workers found a sixth victim.
Uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production, sale and consumption of cannabis after a new law was passed by the country's senate on tuesday. once the president signs the bill, the state will control the production and sale of cannabis
the 22-year-old princess wore the hat to the wedding of prince william and kate middleton last month. a facebook page was set up in its honour. the auction on ebay ended on sunday, with the proceeds going to charities unicef and children in
hydrocarbons were detected inside a leg of the cormorant Alpha platform. operator Taqa Bratani has removed non-essential workers as a precaution. shutting down the platform affects the whole Brent pipeline system.
relatives told they were held for "national security" reasons. men insisted they did not take photographs. Abu Dhabi hearing is due on monday.
the american born striker made 37 appearances and scored seven goals. he also made his first international appearance for norway while a hearts player. Johnsen was brought to hearts by former head coach Robbie Neilson.
father mark soady, vicar of St Mary's priory church, will be their prior. the two recruits will initially spend a year living in a house on the estate. by day they will arrange bingo for pensioners, and by night they will take to the streets
former manchester united player and coach Phil neville explains what louis van gaal has learned from his first season in the premier league. united have dropped points in 10 out of 16 away games against teams below them in the table. angel di maria has not delivered since his first three or
the 2015 strategic defence & security review will identify both IS and Russia as tier 1 threats. but there was no specific mention of Russia and so-called Islamic state (IS) did not exist in anything like its present form. the government should be commended for its commitment to carry out a defence
Wales women's team lose 3-0 to italy to finish fourth at EuroHockey championships. Wales men secure promotion to Europe's top tier by beating france 4-3 in semi-final. both teams have never competed in the top division since it was reduced to eight teams
Nigel Williams, of Caerwent, was walking on the road when he was hit. father-of-three was taken to hospital, but died shortly after arrival. family say he would be "sadly missed" anyone who witnessed the crash is asked to call 101.
the 24-year-old has started three of Exeter's four games this season. woodburn is in his second season at Sandy park after moving from bath. he was a regular in the Chiefs team which reached the last eight in the champions cup.
defending champions real madrid drawn with basel, ludogorets and monchengladbach. chelsea, manchester united and arsenal also in group c. manchester city face pep guardiola's barcelona and borussia dort
long queues continue outside ATMs as people try to exchange 500 ($7) and 1,000 rupee notes. finance minister says it will take a few weeks for banks and ATMs to replace old currency. nearly $30bn in old notes have so far been deposited in banks across the country.
a selection of photos from across the african continent this week:
Lee westwood is one back after dropping his only shot of the day at the last. order of merit leader henrik staenson and second placed Danny willett are tied for 17th. the tour championship is the final event of the Race to Dubai.
hustings debate between the two leadership candidates will be held on thursday. spokesman for Jeremy corbyn said majority of Scottish labour members would back him. Ms dugdale claimed Mr Corbyn was unable to appeal to enough voters to beat tories.
councils in kent have had problems with enforcement company kingdom services. one officer filmed revealing he raked in a bonus of almost £1,000. they will be out of action while undergoing extra training.
at one stage the pound hit $1.3372 against the dollar, but slipped back to trade at $1.3332. some analysts think the data indicates the UK might avoid recession later this year. the FTSE 100 was not moved much by the data, falling by 15 points to 6,87
disorder spread to Enfield, Walthamstow and Waltham forest in north London. 35 officers injured over the two nights of rioting. gang of up to 200 youths looting shops and charging police in Brixton.
there were about 19,000 diagnoses in 2015, compared to about 17,300 in 2006. public health Wales said the main reason for the increase was an ageing population. there was a year-on-year decrease from about 19,800 cases in 2014.
england face russia in their opening euro 2016 group game on tuesday. roy hodgson will choose a system that his players feel comfortable in. the diamond system did not work against portugal, so he will stick with 4-3-3.
the inquiry's chairman says he recognises the public interest in proceedings being "as open as possible" some 33 individuals, nine of them former undercover police officers, have already asked for anonymity. campaigners who say they were wronged during operations are calling for maximum disclosure.
league one side Keighley progress to the fourth round of the challenge cup. third-tier side beat second-tier amateur side Fryston Warriors 50-32. club allege players and members of staff were refused entry to the ground.
born in 1928, temple soon became a major star after getting her first film role at the age of three. she left acting behind in 1950 and continued to appear on tv, but that work dried up. in 1989, she was made the US ambassador to Czechoslovakia.
Abdou signed a new one-year deal to stay with millwall until the end of next season. the 33-year-old made 22 appearances for the lions last season, helping them win promotion from league one. he is manager Neal Ardley's fifth signing since
Marco goncalves, 34, assaulted the referee after being sent off in last month's game. he was escorted off the pitch by police and suffered a broken nose. images of the attack went viral.
first time conducting at the Albert hall since 1971, sir adrian turns 70 in february. first performance of Elgar's The kingdom on first night of the proms on 19 august. he is one of four conductors celebrating significant birthdays this year.
the 34-year-old was found dead at her home in Luton on 10 October. police say her family has been informed and a double murder investigation launched. a man arrested in connection with the deaths has been released on bail.
a separate report found a "collective failure" to stop child abuse in Rotherham. police and crime commissioner Shaun Wright has resisted calls to resign. he has "formally" tendered his resignation from the labour party.
referee Dean whitestone made a number of "really poor" decisions in derby clash. whitestone awarded Gillingham a penalty in stoppage time. he also sent off southend's Ryan inniss for two bookable offences.
new allocation of £2.8m is being distributed to 46 primaries across 12 local authorities. part of the £750m that the Scottish government said it intended to invest in the attainment Scotland Fund. councillors say Burnfoot is an "excellent example" of schools working to "
the stampede happened at Pulmedu, near the town of Vandiperiyar in Idukki district. a jeep carrying pilgrims reportedly drove into a crowd returning from the shrine. Kerala governor R S gavai has said he is "deeply shocked and
the 31-year-old has been without a club since leaving english premier league club Tottenham. he did not play at all for Tottenham in the 2014-15 season and spent the previous season on loan with queens park rangers. "Officially at st etienne so
president bashir has appointed governors for Sudan's 18 states in what he has vowed will be a "new page" for his country. the most surprising decision is the removal of abdel Rahim Hussein as defence minister. but simply replacing ministers and governors will
the refurbishment of the residence in the village of Nkandla has turned into a major political controversy in south africa. some of the money was spent on building an amphitheatre, swimming pool, and cattle enclosure. the announcement comes a week before a constitutional hearing on the matter
body of Christopher huxtable, 34, from swansea, was found on wednesday. he had been missing since the building collapsed in february. two other men remain missing.
Christopher Clarke, 29, contacted girls, aged 15 and 16, via Facebook, Snapchat and twitter. he also bought the ysgol bro dinefwr pupils gifts including t-shirts, earrings, sweets and games consoles. an education workforce council hearing concluded his actions
the bird, known officially as LF15, and her partner LM12 bred three chicks in both 2015 and 2016 at the Dunkeld reserve. Lassie arrived back in Scotland on 23 march, six days after her mate. viewers from around the world have been watching the pair'
police received a report of the fire at a property in castle mews at about 03:30 bst. a tyre had been put against the front door of the house and set alight. man, woman and two boys inside the property were not injured
CQC previously rated the penberthy home in newquay as inadequate. new reports highlight problems at three other homes run by Cornwall Care. Cornwall Care said it was rare for an inspection not to point out areas for improvement.
before: climate change derided as a hoax concocted by china. after: quitting the Paris deal, signed by nearly 200 countries, is unequivocally a promise kept. before: vow to build a wall along the border with Mexico was one of the most
marine officers are searching a section of the river Stour in west parley. three men appeared in court in may accused of the murder of 61-year-old man. Kevin downton, 40, Jason Baccus, 41, and Scott Keeping, 44, have been charged with
police were called to station road, wood green, at about 03:20 BST. reports of a stabbing outside the Jolly anglers public house. the man, named by police as 33-year-old Vincent Harvey, was pronounced dead at the scene.
the high court dismisses a winding-up petition by the championship side. an undisclosed amount of money owed to hmrc has been paid by the exiles. the club have struggled to pay players' wages since avoiding liquidation.
Darren Turk, 53, is charged with 14 offences including rape and indecent assault. he was a member of the care staff and later head of care at Frewen college. police said the charges did not involve any staff or pupils currently at the school.
new legislation places a statutory duty on schools and colleges to counter radicalisation. seminars will be led by Kamal Hanif, head of Birmingham's waverley school and an expert on Islam and citizenship. the aim is to offer support and guidance to senior school leaders in the wake of high-
prime minister says uk looking at ways of exerting further pressure on north korea. hailed aston martin's decision to invest £500m in Japan as a sign of strength of the two countries' economic partnership. she urged china to exert its
Gillan's character in Guardians of the galaxy has a villainous dark side. her character, Nebula, first appeared in the comics in 1985. the actress is set to star in the western, in a valley of violence.
Antoine Griezmann and michael keane have been linked with a move to old trafford. atletico madrid striker has a 100m euro release clause in his contract. united will go straight into the group stage of the champions league.
crossing in Rochdale, greater manchester, was concreted over in 1904. it re-opened to pedestrians after a £5m project, which also exposed a section of river. bridge is believed to have been built in about 1324 when Edward II ruled
level 3 "heatwave action" heat-health alert has been declared for all parts of England. forecasters warn of thunderstorms, torrential downpours and hail stones up to 1cm in size. five people taken to hospital from the royal Norfolk show as temperatures rise to 31C
murder-suicides are extremely rare because there is no common theme. mental health charities have been queuing up to plead for more understanding about depression. alcohol problems, drug misuse, broken relationships can all play a part.
Ulster wing Craig Gilroy and full-back jared Payne scored tries for the hosts. rodney Ah You was sent off after an illegal shoulder charge on Carl Meyer. dragons hit back with scores by Rynard landman and Ollie Griffiths.
an international team has just drilled into the 200km-wide depression in the gulf of mexico. it hopes the investigation can help explain why the event 66 million years ago was so catastrophic. scientists observe a big nickel spike in the sediments immediately above what has become known as chic
"wales gets a rotten deal from the european union," says ukIP leader. around 40 people gathered outside the liberty stadium to protest against him speaking there. he says the referendum is a chance "to take back control of our lives"
both men retire on 105 as they punish a tiring students attack. Donald, 19, is the second youngest player to reach three figures for Glamorgan. he had previously made 98 in the final game of the 2015 season against Gloucestershire.
the man was last seen alive at 20:45 BST on Tuesday 9 June in the subway. two people saw the man, 29, in the early hours of Wednesday before he was found dead. a post-mortem examination revealed he died from injuries to the spleen.
the Kanneh-Mason family are very special - they all play an instrument to a very high level. why are all the siblings so into playing musical instruments?
swedish star has already lost five months to making her third album. says it's about "puzzling together a song, a good pop song, that makes sense" tove is understated and conversational, making you lean in to the song's coque
chiltern edge school in sonning common had been rated inadequate by Ofsted. inspectors also said pupil attainment was too low and a disadvantaged pupils' fund was not being used effectively. the 500-pupil school received a good rating from Ofsted in 2012.
the government says it and the agencies "agree wholeheartedly" with the need for "diversity" in agency staff. GCHQ has removed a requirement of a 2:1 university degree from its "fast-stream" recruitment to encourage women who had followed a "non-traditional
Hatfield colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs after almost a century of production. chairman of the Hatfield Employee Benefit Trust, which has run the mine since 2013, said it was "the end of an era" the only remaining deep coal mine in England, Kellingley coll
League one club shrewsbury have also signed midfielder jules on loan until January. the 20-year-old did not play a first-team game for the royals last season. he made 10 premiership appearances for motherwell during a loan spell last season
the planned deal was worth £10.3bn, and would have left the UK with just three major mobile phone network operators. CK Hutchison said it was considering a legal challenge to the decision. ofcom had argued that allowing the number of players in the market to fall from four
a heavy police presence in the capital has discouraged a once-thriving poetry scene. but in typical Sudanese fashion, coercion has only spurred resistance. NWN is one group that has successfully carved out a space.
Paul Green and Ryan McLaughlin score their first goals for the latics. oldham give free admission to all fans in bid to arrest decline in attendances. latics move to within three points of safety with back-to-back home wins.
attorney-general has asked the Supreme Court to open an investigation into Lula's alleged involvement in the multi-billion dollar scandal. investigators say that starting in 2003, construction companies formed a cartel to overcharge Petrobras for building contracts. prosecutors allege that
solar flares are associated with the release of high energy particles into space. when these particles collide with the Earth, they can cause a geomagnetic storm. this disrupts the magnetic sheath (or magnetosphere) that surrounds our planet. an extreme storm could cause up
Parling, 31, has won 21 international caps, and played all three Tests for the british & Irish lions in 2013. woodburn, 23, has scored 11 tries since making his bath debut four years ago.
leading index closes down 69.63 points at 6231.89. miners more than double earlier losses to leave Antofagasta down more than 6%. HOusebuilders all but wipe out their earlier falls.
charityBuzz auctioned a coffee meeting with apple boss tim cook. the winner will get a one-hour lunch with the apple boss at apple headquarters. last year's lunch date with the "oracle of Omaha" sold for more than $1m on ebay.
reports in france suggest borussia monchengladbach winger will stand by his decision at the 2015 Nations Cup to take a break from internationals. the 27-year-old made the announcement after a quarter-final loss to Ghana. veteran defender Kamil Zayatte has
Cape verde missed out on qualifying on goals scored after only finding the net once in three matches, with a penalty, compared to DR Congo's two strikes. Zambia, winners in 2012, needed a victory to progress.
Castell henllys iron age village, near crymych, needs people to support the prehistoric site, which is owned by the pembrokeshire coast national park authority. it would involve practical tasks such as maintaining the herb garden and supporting events.
staff in jobcentres, banks, building societies and utility companies could be trained. councils should have a mandatory responsibility to try to prevent suicides. 4,400 people killed themselves in England in 2009.
scotswoman susie wolff will be a development driver for the 2015 season. the 31-year-old's role will be expanded to include two runs in practice and two tests. this year, she impressed in an outing in free practice at the german grand prix.
the 20-year-old made his Bristol Rovers debut in April 2014. he has yet to start a game for the league two club.
the White Garden was planted to mark 20 years since princess Diana died. the duchess of cambridge joined the princes on the garden tour. members of the public have been leaving tributes and flowers at the palace gates.
the use of a van zig-zagging at high speed through a pedestrian zone recalls the jihadist attacks in London, Berlin and Nice. the attack was claimed by so-called Islamic state (IS), though nothing confirms a direct IS link to it yet. five suspected
highways England say the £6m layout changes on the posthouse roundabout proved more difficult than anticipated. work began last summer and was expected to finish by march but it has now been pushed back to 28 June. Wrexham MP Ian Lucas said the route was vital to the region
english 16-time world champion beats the belgian 4-2 at Alexandra palace. fourth seed will face five-time champion van barneveld for fourth time at tournament. van Gerwen beats Darren webster 4-1 while Wright beats white by same score.
personal genome project could provide a massive free tool for scientists. participants will get an analysis of their DNA, but so will the rest of the world. they are warned there could be unknown consequences for them and relatives.
the 31-year-old midfielder has been named in the Wales squad for their upcoming friendlies. the last time he was called up for the national team was against serbia in september 2013. Crofts has played 18 times for the seagulls this season.
Stokes hits 158 from 131 balls and Taylor 114 before both are retired out. Nick Compton, batting at number three, marks his return with 58. alastair cook only manages two and new opening partner Alex Hales eight.
five people were on the training aircraft when it was forced to land on yr aran in snowdonia on 9 august. all five escaped unhurt, but black smoke could be seen billowing from the peak for miles around. a helicopter from RAF Odiham in Hampshire
many of the country's 32 local authorities voiced concerns about a 2% fall in their income. minister said local authority spending would be cut by £350m, which equates to 2% reduction. but he said councils had been given a "very credible settlement"
tens of thousands of animals, mostly lambs, were auctioned at sutherland. sheep were transported to a livestock mart in the small Highlands village from all over the north of Scotland.
AMS is one of the most expensive science experiments ever put in space. it promises some dramatic new insights into the origin and make-up of the cosmos. AMS will do this by studying the storm of high-energy particles hurled at Earth.
dr imran farooq was stabbed to death near his home in north London in 2010. the murder was widely seen as a politically-motivated killing. he was a leader of Karachi's influential MQM party.
families blocked from visiting the Chorley pals memorial site at serre-les-puisieux. they claim they were obstructed by a farmer who owns land near the cemetery. to reach the memorial visitors must use an unmade public right of way that crosses land.
central european media focus on impact of referendum on benefits for migrant workers in uk. n-tv news channel says the intervention is a "serious setback" for the prime minister. french Catholic daily lacroix dubs Mr Johnson the "man of the moment for
tries from Allen, McCloskey, Gilroy, warwick and pienaar seal win for Ulster. hosts led 10-0 at the break before rout in final 20 minutes.
the final table based on all of lawro's predictions is at the bottom of this page. he has seven teams out of 20 in their correct positions going into the final round of fixtures. drummer Ben thatcher from rock band royal blood is his opponent.
Anna Jacobs read the description by accident in an email inviting her for interview. comments suggested she was "worth an interview if only for a laugh" company said comments had been taken out of context.
"scrooge" is partly inspired by modern bankers and the issue of pay-day loans. play is written by playwright barlow, with whom Broadbent performed for many years. critics seem largely to be won over by broadbent's take on one of the
period trackers come second only to apps which monitor running in health and fitness category. royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists warns they should not be used as a form of contraception. entrepreneur Ida Tin is interested in how anonymised user
Aimee and Carl pistorius say they are anxious ahead of the sentencing. they say the truth has been "twisted and manipulated" and "sensationalised" the last 20 months had been "very taxing" for both families.
chase, 29, has been given a free transfer pending an internal disciplinary investigation. captain Hansen, 29, is also released while paterson, 28, is moving to leigh. half-back Fages had resigned from the club and will now be allowed to leave.
united six points adrift of the top four after 2-1 defeat at sunderland. van gaal says he has not given up on fourth-place finish from his first season in charge. united play first leg of Europa League last-32 tie against FC midtjylland on
Dame judi is backing a project aimed at securing the future of nower wood. the ancient woodland, in leatherhead, serves as a wildlife and environmental education site. a fundraising drive aims to raise £470,000 to rebuild dilapidated classrooms
it's the fifth coin portrait to have been created during the queen's reign. coins carrying the new design will also begin being made from today. new coins tend to go to cash centres and banks first.
health spokesman says coalition had created queues outside practices and diverted people to a&e. lib dems also said labour's figures - obtained through a parliamentary question - were out of date. labour has pledged £2.5bn to pay for 8,000 more GP
Rickie fowler misses out on an automatic Ryder Cup place. fower needed to finish joint seventh to miss out on a wildcard pick. u.s.'s Patrick Reed hopes to get revenge for losing team at gleneagles in 2014
officers fired tyre-deflation rounds at the raiders' Mercedes after they tried to ram a police car to escape. no members of the public were injured during the incident on 12 February last year. five men were arrested outside the restaurant after stealing an ATM in carnoust
27 motorcyclists were killed and the number of serious injuries rose from 507 to 514 in the year up to September 2015. researchers spoke to 1,200 riders and found one in five had been involved in a collision. TfL said more police have been deployed in accident hotspots
the 20-year-old has featured regularly for the red devils' first team this season. united are back at the Milk Cup this year, competing in the Premier Section. the club have been to 12 finals, winning six titles, and will be aiming to win three consecutive titles.
Wrexham maelor hospital staff were under "considerable pressure" for long periods as ambulances waited outside. health inspectorate Wales said inspectors were told the situation was not unusual. inspectors visited the A&E unit and another ward on 30 September and 1 October last year.
the 21-year-old centre-back joins Turkish club Kasimpasa on a season-long loan. he spent last season on loan at championship side middlesbrough, making 22 appearances. the move comes after a vow to fight for a place at chels
authorities say they have not ruled out terrorism as a motive. investigators say he checked a handgun into his luggage. six other people were wounded by gunshots at the airport's baggage claim area.
former actor John denham pleads guilty to child pornography offences. 49-year-old denies conspiracy to engage in sexual activity in the presence of a child. denham and co-accused Matthew Stansfield deny conspiracy to rape a.
600,000 sq miles of the southern ocean will gain protection from commercial fishing. environmentalists have welcomed the move to protect what's said to be the Earth's most pristine marine ecosystem. the region is home to 38% of the world's Adelie penguins, 30% of
about 41,000 people descended on the city's golden mile to mark the Hindu festival of light, with entertainment including fireworks and dancing. the lights switch on earlier this month also attracted a record attendance with 37,000 in Leicester's south Asian area. festival, also marked by jains and
raunchy novels of the rich and famous sold more than 500 million copies in 40 countries. all 32 of her novels appeared in the new york times bestseller list. family statement said the writer lived "a wonderfully full life"
chisako kakehi was arrested in 2014 and went on trial in Kyoto late last month. the 70-year-old said she committed the crime because her husband was not treating her well. prosecutors say she targeted the men for their money and poisoned them
sturgeon swam out of world of water in Romsey when it was inundated by flood water. staff at a car wash a mile from the centre have discovered him in a deep puddle. a larger koi carp fish named
Simmons, 52, was suspended in September for questioning the continued omissions of Dwayne Bravo and Kieron pollard. he issued a public apology to the west indies cricket board (wicb) he played 26 Tests as an all-rounder for the
police believe the 40-year-old went to Spain, where he posted messages challenging officers to find him. he was arrested in Whiston, Merseyside, on Thursday and returned to jail.
"it's pretty crazy that the word 'bullying' was bandied around," says Steve, who presents Deadly 60 on CBBC. the pair dismissed claims earlier this month and James's husband attacked producers over it. "it is hard being on a show for nine years and
the film will be shot in the Brecon Beacons, near the home of its scriptwriter jasper warry. it stars tv presenter and actor Matt Johnson, who plays the younger brother of a man who is convinced he does not want to live anymore.
Sturrock has nearly an entire team of injured players with 10 of his first-team squad doubtful for Saturday's league two game against Wimbledon. forward Shaun Jeffers is also suspended following last weekend's red card. winger Jack Compton has also been ruled out for four weeks
the rocket's payload, a satellite on which facebook had leased capacity, was destroyed. "turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years," he tweeted. the technology entrepreneur owns and leads space travel firm spacex.
woman, in her 50s, fell from cliff at peveril point, near Swanage. she was airlifted by the coastguard helicopter to king george's field park. the injured woman was taken to hospital by air ambulance.
the two men were hit and racially abused by officers in north west london in 2007. the high court ruled the two were racial abused and awarded damages. officers involved were acquitted along with four colleagues in a criminal trial in 2009
president Robert Mugabe and his wife arrived back in Harare early on Sunday. they are accused of assaulting model Gabriella Engels a week ago. she has not commented publicly on the case. a lawyer for Ms Engels said they were planning to challenge the immunity decision.
court in Novorossiysk gives two dancers 10 days in jail each, a third 15 days and two others receive fines on charges of petty hooliganism. prosecutors said their "erotic and sexual twerk dance" was disrespectful to historic memory
the fee is a record for a player under town boss Mick McCarthy. the 21-year-old made 81 appearances for the west london club. he has signed a three-year contract at fratton park.
premier league clubs generated £3.3bn record revenues in 2014-15, up by 3%. top flight clubs also recorded a second straight year of pre-tax profits. from 2016-17 clubs will receive even more cash from broadcasters.
Ziggy Gordon said he has learned more in a few months in poland than in his years in scotland. but archibald said the standard of coaching in Scotland was "very good" he admitted to being taken aback to be nominated by his peers as
Peake won silver at the 2014 Commonwealth games in Glasgow. the 30-year-old aims to break the Welsh record, which she currently holds. peake has set a personal best of 4.40m at Cardiff international sports stadium.
peshawar school massacre echoes that which occurred after the shooting of malala yousafzai. rumours are circulating on social media and on the streets that it was the work of Indian or Afghan intelligence agencies. politicians have a number of reasons for leaving the fight
the company said its current structure was "too costly" and inefficient. it expects the separation of its four main units to be completed by the end of 2018.
the 23-year-old mutually cancelled his deal at the Shrimps earlier this month. he can now train at the championship side ahead of the move. morecambe had spoken about selling a player to raise funds for the club.
the latest wave of red alerts includes the industrial port Tianjin. it is among 30 cities including Beijing seeing "severe pollution" another 20 cities have "heavy pollution"
police forces tasked with enforcing strict interpretations of Islamic morality exist in several other states. growing religious conservatism has led to pressure for similar forces to be created in countries that do not have them. the gasht-e Ershad are currently the main agency t
David fifita's second-minute try and a Ben Jones-Bishop score put wakefield 14-0 up early on. Jermaine McGillvary's two tries were consolations for the struggling hosts. wakefield have not appeared in a Challenge Cup final
police were called to the unusual double parking incident at 11:40 on Tuesday. it is not clear how exactly the silver-coloured Mazda ended up on top of the white Volkswagen golf. a sign later placed next to one of the vehicles reads: "Parking out of marked bays is an off
Christopher nolan wins best director, and nolan receives "inspiration" award. the Imitation game takes home just one award, for best thriller. paddington named best comedy, while Kingsman: the secret service wins best british film.
acoustic waves are transmitted into oil-bearing rock to dislodge hydrocarbons. process called "swept" creates micro fractures in rock that increase permeability. only around 120,000 barrels of oil have ever been extracted from Wardlaw oil field.
the Cheetham hill asda living store will turn off escalators, screens and music for an hour on Saturday 7 may. general manager Simon lea came up with the idea after watching an autistic child and his mother struggle on the shop floor. no announcements will be made
Beta (Beirut for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) is struggling to house 500 dogs and over 150 cats. the organisation is facing possible closure due to mounting debt from food suppliers. unregulated dog-selling has led to a growth in breeding farms and dog-fighting rings.
Google's deepmind learns how to play 49 classic videogames. in more than half, it was as good or better than a professional human player. this is the first time a system has learned how to master a wide range of tasks.
the 39-year-old has passed the premier league and football league's fit and proper person test. he succeeds american Randy Lerner, who bought villa for £62.6m in 2006. Dr Xia made his fortune as the owner of a holding company in china.
gen gomart told a parliamentary commission in may that a "partner agency" warned of the plot by a Brazilian Islamist militant. the transcript of the hearing into last year's attacks in paris has just been made public. in July, Brazilian justice minister Alexandre Mora
midfielder moved to McDiarmid park for a second spell in 2016 after a frustrating five months with hearts. the 30-year-old has scored 14 goals in 48 appearances since then, having netted twice while on loan in 2015. the championship winners are yet to reveal details of the contract
the 28 EU interior ministers will hold an emergency meeting on the crisis on 14 September. the EU core principle of free movement - embodied in the passport-free Schengen area - is in dispute. arguments over barriers Hungary has built a 175km razor-wire fence 4m
Mazda's compression ignition engine is up to 30% more fuel-efficient than its current engines. it plans to sell cars with the new engine from 2019. the move comes as the car industry pours massive investment into electric technology.
Daniel Boylett, 36, was arrested after trouble broke out at the match on 23 September 2015. he was found guilty of attempted damage for the attack on Kayla the Eagle. boylett was released on bail to be sentenced on 28 April.
general Rios montt was found guilty of genocide and war crimes two years ago. the main charges were that he ordered the army to carry out 15 massacres. a high court then threw out the charges on procedural grounds and ordered a retrial.
the royal Stoke university hospital has been designated as a "gym" where players can train their characters. a hospital spokesman said it was "unconcerned" as long as people played the game where it was safe. it warned it would get the "gim" removed
Falcons academy graduate flood signs for the 2017-18 season. the 31-year-old has spent the past three seasons in the french top flight with Toulouse. flood made his premiership debut for Newcastle in 2005.
Nadia is part of a groundswell of female voices in the male-dominated world of hip-hop and grime. her breakthrough video was shot at a local railway station. she talks about the rappers she looks up to and why she read the dictionary as a child.
Bury's Niall Maher was dismissed for giving away a 70th-minute penalty, which Shaun Williams converted. callum butcher then headed an 86th minute equaliser before substitute aiden O'Brien claimed a stoppage-time winner to stretch bury’s club
premier wen jiabao hailed the mission as a "complete success" the mission is a key step towards china's goal of building a space station by 2020. the mission posted a series of firsts: the first manned automatic and manual dockings.
he said some had taken exception to the way the castle project was being run. the trust, made up of 250 people, secured revamp funds. volunteers raised more than £200,000 to save the 900-year-old site.
the suspect is a member of the extremist Reichsbuerger movement. he opened fire on the officers before he was eventually detained. officials said a permit had been revoked for the 31 guns he owned.
sexton has suffered several concussions and was forced off in the 69th minute of Ireland's defeat by france on 13 february. Jones said that he wanted England to be "brutal" but legal in his first match at Twickenham since taking charge of the national
the group said profit increased by 22.6% to £31.5m, while revenues were down 6.8%. total operating costs were cut by 6.7% to £191.7m. shareholders overwhelmingly backed a deal to buy the i newspaper from ESI media.
the headteacher, Darren foreman, its senior leadership team and chair of governors have resigned. the report said too many students were underachieving and described teaching as "inadequate" Perry Beeches chief executive Liam nolan said he "fundamentally disagreed"
the Iraq war families campaign group launched on 19 July. it aimed to reach that amount to "bring to justice those responsible for the war" the campaign was led by Reg Keys and Roger Bacon, who lost sons in Iraq.
ma becomes only the fifth man to win singles titles at the world championships, world cup and Olympics. china have claimed nine of the last 12 Olympic men's singles medals.
Turia Pitt received burns to 65% of her body after the 2011 ultra-marathon. after 200 operations, she completed the 226km (140 mile) event in Hawaii. the mining engineer, author and motivational speaker has been hailed as an "amazing role model"
nearly half of the company's business is focused on healthcare. it's selling its home entertainment division and betting on new opportunities in Asia.
the mid-infrared instrument (miri) will gather key data as the $9bn observatory seeks to identify the first starlight in the universe. results of testing conducted at the Rutherford appleton laboratory in the UK have just been signed off, clearing Miri to travel to
Morocco controls two-thirds of western Sahara and sees it as part of its historic territory. some, including the UN, see Western Sahara as Africa's last colony. a referendum was promised in 1991 but never carried out due to wrangling over who was eligible to vote
the couple married 15 months ago and have no children. they have recently been embroiled in a legal case in australia. she pleaded guilty in April to a charge of falsifying documents.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 africa cup of nations is a confirmation of decline. the Super Eagles will sit out the finals in Gabon as they did in Equatorial Guinea last year after winning the 2013 edition in south africa. former international winger Segun Odeg
good weather meant a larger number of spectators than usual turned out to the event. however, insp Stuart Wilson said that it had passed peacefully.
"national survey" was due to involve two million people across the country. latest assessment suggests 1.7 million people took part. data gathered during the exercise could be used by the SNP if she calls another referendum on leaving the UK.
orla galton, from blackmill, was diagnosed with leukaemia at three. blood transfusions helped save her life, but she endured them for years. the Welsh blood service wants 200,000 more donors to replenish stocks.
"smack the pony" star says stories about "brutalised women" have become "entertainment fodder"'sophie' said her character's rape was used as "a shock device" she now feels was gratuitous "titillation" in
the last accounts for lagmar barking showed it owed its lenders £70m. the loan secured on the centre was bought by the us investment fund Cerberus.
law would have made it illegal to share information electronically that could "destroy, alter or subvert state institutions" criticising the government on social networking sites such as facebook could have faced up to 12 years in prison. many believe pressure from civil society and local journalists played a role in the decision to abandon
Hungary was part of the Ottoman and then Habsburg empires from the 16th century onwards. after a period of turmoil following world war I, an independent kingdom of Hungary was established. the country's post-communist economic transition was achieved relatively smoothly.
the victim was queuing for food at the branch in st george's street, cleveland. police say three men entered the restaurant and began being noisy. it is believed one of the group then set light to the woman's hair.
the bill provides for life imprisonment for homosexual acts. it also makes it a crime not to report gay people. the president's spokesman says he believes gay people are sick.
a series of character posters and the film's trailer provoked uproar on social media. director, Alex proyas, and studio, Lionsgate, apologised for the offence. the action movie - due to be released early next year - sees white actors
wales face second-placed Belgium in the quarter-finals of the uefa euro 2016 qualifier. former strikers Dean saunders and John hartson explain how they can win. samuel eto'o and kevin
malorie bantala, 21, was 32-weeks pregnant when she was assaulted. a boy, 17, was charged on Tuesday with child destruction and gbh. the teenager is due to appear at Barkingside magistrates' court later.
Kevin kline has signed on to play the father of the 'Beauty' character. bill condon will direct the film, which begins filming in may. it will be released in the us on 17 march 2017.
Warrenpoint lie just one point behind fellow strugglers Ballinamallard, Dungannon and Carrick. the 'point have taken maximum points from their last four matches. Glenavon host Glentoran and portadown travel to ballinamallard united.
a fast internet connection is vital to a country like Wales. the chief executive of IT company Cisco likened the situation to not having access to water or a road. ministers and BT are currently delivering the scheme Superfast Cymru.
italian authorities concluded Claire martin killed herself after suffering from post-natal depression. her parents believe she was murdered because "things don't add up" a murder investigation was launched, but 15 months later it closed the case.
industrial output fell 0.7% compared with January, when it dropped 0.3%. construction output fell by 1.7% in february, down from a revised January reading of zero growth. the UK's deficit in goods and services widened to £3.7bn in February, from
courses to help young people get into work are held at the spectrum centre in Belfast. "i went to school, got my GCSEs and a-levels and thought I would walk into a job but I haven't" "why not spend the time, the four years in school
Grimes has played seven games for the Swans since joining in 2015. the 20-year-old scored his first premier league goal in the league cup. his last appearance came in their 3-2 FA cup exit against league two Oxford.
Michael tovey, 27, accused of using two drones to fly contraband into prison. he faces 13 counts of conveying banned items into a prison in west midlands. accused of dropping four phones, SIM cards, black mamba, steroids and cannabis.
a yellow severe weather warning has been issued as the remains of hurricane Gonzalo reach the UK. coastal areas and north-western parts of Wales are expected to see the worst of the weather. gusts exceeding 55mph are likely inland, with 60 to 70mph gusts in some exposed coastal areas
the author of sea of poppies is being hosted as a writer-in-residence at Rashtrapati Bhawan. he has been posting regular tweets and pictures, including the dining table Nelson Mandela ate at and guest rooms foreign dignitaries have stayed in
the bridge over the River Wharfe at Tadcaster, north yorkshire, collapsed in 2015. the report says improved defences should be a "priority" for the town. it says heavy rain over the christmas period fell on ground already saturated.
Moore has signed an 18-month deal at Ipswich town. the 24-year-old scored 10 goals in 21 league appearances this season. former west ham defender jonathan spence has signed to the end of the season having been without a club since leaving
Jacques Rudolph and Nick Selman put on 74 for the first wicket, but they ended 141-3 at the close. Worcestershire claimed three wickets for 34 runs to reduce the visitors to 108-3.
Iceland top of group a after two goals from midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson. Omer damari scores a hat-trick as Israel beat andorra 4-1. italy defeat malta 1-0 thanks to a goal from Southampton's
Kevin McKee and seamus Wright were both IRA members who were murdered by the organisation in 1972. their bodies were found unexpectedly during a search for another of the Disappeared. the remains of 12 of the victims have been recovered and formally identified to date.
the district council-owned building has been upgraded for the first time in more than three decades. it includes a new 33m pool, a shallow training pool, sauna and steam room. the sports hall has been revamped and a £250,000 climbing wall has been built.
plans for the 16-acre site include 130 homes being built initially, followed by a further 70. the old Victoria ground shut in 1997 when the club moved to the Britannia Stadium. a plan to build offices there was shelved in 2004 and in 2007 the recession affected development.
shares in macy's, which also owns bloomingdales, down 17% on Thursday. at Kohl's like-for-like sales slid 2.7% and were down 0.8% at nordstrom. analysts say the decline in department store sales point to broader weakness in consumer spending
TV signals use different parts of the radio spectrum to radar, but both bounce off solid objects. researchers say they were able to track up to 30 planes simultaneously flying at altitudes of up to 10,000ft (3km) a follow-up trial in Liverpool suggested that the TV signal-based system
18 forces are the subject of complaints about the handling of abuse. 56 cases relate to alleged failures by south Yorkshire police in responding to child sex exploitation. there are 84 independent IPCC inquiries - in which the commission directly investigates.
the 23-year-old had been on a season-long loan at ajax but failed to score. ex-france international defender rod Fanni has signed from al-arabi. the addicks have also cancelled the deals of Franck moussa and Ri
mutations of the NR5A1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men. scientists say it could help doctors investigating men with the condition. male infertility accounts for up to half of cases in which couples have difficulty conceiving.
the move was made "to enable doctors to conduct a medical assessment" he was due to join the first minister on the trade mission. "there has been no disruption to the work of the executive office during this period"
bat colony has been roosting in the church at Ellerburn, close to the north york moors. the creatures are protected by law and cannot be wilfully disturbed. members of the church had spent £10,000 trying to get the bats to move.
five people are under investigation over the death of 18-year-old Clement Meric. he was badly beaten in a clash between far-right and anti-fascist activists. prime minister Jean-Marc ayrault has asked the interior minister to dissolve the
WBC cruiserweight champion to fight wba and ibf champion jonny joshua. briton says he doesn't need a heavyweight fight with the 'world's best' he could fight WBO champion joseph Parker
watkins banned for four years after testing positive for anabolic steroid nandrolone and stimulant methylhexaneamine. team-mate cleary has been banned for two years as benzoylecgonine, a cocaine metabolite, was found
world number one martina navratilova lost in the first round of the french open. defending champions caroline wozniacki beats evgeniya rodina 6-1 6-4. world number two victoria azaren
at least 1.8 million more households will be looking to rent rather than buy a home by 2025, the royal institution of Chartered surveyors claims. the number of households renting property rose from 2.3 million in 2001 to 5.4 million in 2014. it has called on the government to offer tax
west ham beat league two side cheltenham 2-0 in the efl cup second round. two goals from Diafra Sakho and andre ayew gave the hosts the lead before half-time. the visitors went close via Harry pell's volle
Morton are well placed to secure a play-off spot after their 1-0 win at Raith Rovers. duffy insists they will make it "as uncomfortable a day as possible" for Rangers. last season's champions are 27 points behind league leaders Celtic.
a 32-year-old man has been charged with two counts of rape. a second man, 28, was charged with one count of sexual assault. the pair, both from sunderland, will appear in court later.
the snowdonia society is concerned about its possible effects on wildlife, culture and heritage. developer quarry battery company said it was the "missing piece of the jigsaw for renewables" the proposed pump storage scheme is based on the same principle as dinorwig's first hydro plant in
Kristian Dennis (Macclesfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Sean Raggett (Dover Athletic) shows the yellow. Attempt missed. Chris Holroyd misses to the right.
legendary striker Ian rush opened the scoring at the racecourse. mark Hughes' scisor-kick goal sent the fans into raptures. but Wales failed to qualify for the 1986 world cup.
Google is launching a competition for teenagers to create an experiment that could be carried out in space. two winning ideas will be tested by the crew of the international space station. the winners will get to experience weightlessness on a zero-g airplane flight, and have the option to undergo astronaut training
a black land rover discovery was set on fire in musselburgh on monday. police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
councils will need to have a "public toilet strategy" as part of the Welsh Government plans. councils across Wales have been closing public toilets as councils face budget cuts. the british toilet association calls for "one strategy across all 22 councils"
strike affects "mixed fleet" staff who joined after 2010 and account for 15% of cabin crew. dispute concerns about 4,000 staff who have joined the airline since 2010. earnings advertised between £21,000 and £25,000 but, in reality, start at £12,000.
last week's bombing killed 29 people, at least 20 of them military personnel. prosecutors and security officials said DNA tests had identified the bomber as Abdulbaki Somer. prosecutors said that somer was believed to have joined the Kurdish militant PKK group.
RWE Innogy UK applied for a permit to divert water from the river conwy to supply a new hydroelectric scheme near Betws-y-Coed. campaigners had feared the scheme would reduce the waterfall to a "trickle" natural resources Wales
Eilish Herron, 17, was struck by Alexander Wotherspoon's car at an asda petrol station. the charge says he had failed to keep control of the car while reversing. she was knocked to the ground, moved her car out of the way and
senior UKIP figures have also targeted new Labour leader Jeremy corbyn. he said the 2005 smoking ban had upped levels of hidden drinking. former vice-chairman Suzanne Evans said Mr Corbyn was an "unreconstructed communist"
fans raised £60,000 for the statue which was made in a Czech foundry. the character was the alter-ego of musician and comedian Chris Sievey. he set his character's life in the village, where he lived himself.
ministers offer "unworkable" guarantee to protect firefighters aged over 55 who fail fitness tests "through no fault of their own" government says it had been "clear" that the staff would get full pensions. it said "robust" plans were in place to protect the public during the strike
general Khalifa haftar accused the government of supporting terrorism. he began an assault against Islamist fighters in the city last month. residents said explosions could be heard across the city intermittently for hours.
seven people deny conspiracy to defraud after six insurance claims made. Matthew Davies, 33, said he suffered injuries in a "genuine" crash. a guitar worth £1,850 was also damaged, he told the court.
i'm playing well right now and can't wait for the second week. ivo Karlovic has one of the best serves in the game. to prepare for it i ask my coach to try and ace me for 10 minutes.
the tiny pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist Matthew haley during an episode filmed at caversham park in Berkshire.
airbus and oneweb have inaugurated the first assembly line in Toulouse, france. the first 10 satellites to come off the line have a deadline to launch in April next year. aim is to deliver broadband links from orbit to every corner of the globe.
police took to social media on Tuesday to ask for help in tracing Rebecca. the mother and child were found in the early hours of Wednesday. a spokesman said it was thanks to the public response on facebook.
the paralympian was transferred to house arrest last month after serving one year of his five-year term for killing girlfriend reevasteenkamp. no date was set for the judgement that could see pistorius return to prison. the five appeal court judges did not consider the facts but
the fukui district court lifted an injunction that had blocked the reopening of two reactors. locals argued the reactors could not withstand a strong earthquake. the vast majority of japan's nuclear reactors remain closed.
the inaugural event - which is running until 5 November - features scores of local, national and international comedians. the festival is using more than 20 city centre venues, with events aimed at children, and comedy workshops. it is hoped it will help put the Aberdeen comedy circuit on the map
there are now 155 suspects in the uk-wide football child abuse scandal. former player steve woodward says he has "still not provided statements" police say there are 429 potential victims linked to football.
sharing revenge-porn images and videos became a crime in england and wales in february. but the law currently gives victims no right to hide identities. the petition was jointly started by Keeley Richards-Shaw, whose ex-boyfriend was
Leela Samson quits after appeals board approves film Messenger of God. guru Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh is seen in the film performing daredevil stunts. organisations opposed to the guru have held protests in Punjab and Haryana.
svetlana kuznetsova hacked some of her own hair off midway during a match. the russian world number nine said it was affecting her game in a three-set win. with the help of Sportsday readers, BBC Sport looks at
the presenter succeeded Jonathan Ross as host of the revamped weekly show. she said the show "simply deserves someone who can give it their all" a new series will return this autumn with the new presenter to be announced.
7% of people underpay and could be fined, 13% are paying too much for their journey. ORR wants train companies to refund passengers who accidentally buy tickets that are too expensive. ticket vending machines were designed for simple ticket requirements.
members of the university and college union are taking part in a two-day national strike. employers have described the decision to strike as "disappointing" staff refuse to set extra work, cover for absent colleagues or work overtime.
the last leap in advertising's reach has become the holy grail of christmas advertising. the key to the John Lewis ManOnTheMoon campaign is that people no longer watch real-time television. social media is a key channel for retailers to take advantage of.
the acquisition will add more than 60 employees and more than 6,000 fleet assets. dryco specialises in moisture control, drying, heating, and cooling applications. the company posted revenues last year of $19m (£14.6m)
both men entered politics from the world of business, Berlusconi a media magnate and Mr Trump a property tycoon. incoming us president is one of the most famous and colourful billionaires, with a net worth of $3.7bn. italians have not
the woman's name was revealed on social media following the retrial verdict. nine men aged between 16 and 23 were cautioned after admitting publishing her name. the Chesterfield striker had been charged with attacking the woman in a hotel room.
Jamie Grimes' looping header put the visitors ahead in the eighth minute. Scott Flinders saved a curling James Hurst effort and dover had a goal ruled out just after half-time. Chris Holroyd got on the end of Danny Whitaker's
"there's things in the works - I think it's definitely happening," says guitarist. rumours of a tour to celebrate the band's golden anniversary have circulated. the band played their first gig at London's marquee club on 12 July, 1962.
unseeded serb defeats seventh seed 6-4 6-3 6-4 to cause first major upset of the tournament. the 26-year-old had been hoping to improve on previous semi-final appearances. she has enjoyed another terrific year, cementing her place inside the top 10.
Preston drew 1-1 with barnsley at the britannia stadium on saturday. Ryan kent almost gave the visitors the lead with an inswinging corner. striker Jordan hugill pulled a goal back for Preston with a header in added time
Chelsey Lee played for Bucheon KEB Hana bank in the women's Korean basketball league. the 26-year-old won the league's rookie of the year award in the 2015-16 season. however, she and her two agents are suspected of fabricating her and her
families with two working parents could be able to claim up to £1,200 a year per child. ministers say carers who look after disabled relatives and others will be included. Chancellor says stay-at-home mothers who have made a "lifestyle choice" will not be eligible
a cabinet report said 140 acres were needed, along with good mobile phone signal and, if possible, fibre broadband. town and community councils will be contacted, asking for suggestions to be sent to Ceredigion council by march. once these have been received, they will be forwarded to
the 40-year-old took over in 2012 and has guided leigh to the championship title in each of the past two years. "with a heavy heart i have decided to resign as coach," said rowley in a statement.
Finland's social insurance agency Kela is trying out the monthly tax-free payment of €560 (£490; $600) idea is to see whether providing a basic income will make the unemployed more eager to go into short-term jobs. Finland has some 213,000 unemployed,
hot lava and ash spewed from the top into a valley nearby on the italian island of Sicily. although the area around the volcano was covered by ash, it didn't affect planes travelling near it.
scrum-half Pyrgos takes over as skipper as coach vern cotter rotates his squad. fellow half-back laidlaw was man of the match in Scotland's opening pool-b win over japan. the 26-year-old led Scotland in a
BBC's Ian pannell said the jihadists were putting up a hard fight. producers Joan soley and Peter Emmerson are also embedded with the Iraqi troops. there are thought to be up to 1.5 million civilians trapped in Mosul.
the pair had a "brief discussion" in a pre-meal "hold space" for leaders. a white house official said the pair exchanged "pleasantries" before dinner. the outburst came after the president said he would not accept any concerns about the
Taylor shared photos of 21-year-old student Morgan Jensen on her tumblr. Morgan: "i am just shocked and in disbelief that Taylor Swift saw those photos of me" lookalike comments started mainly among friends, but she's never met Taylor.
the Dow climbed 0.28% to 21,891.12, lifted by increases at Boeing, exxonmobil and chevron. the wider S&P 500 was little changed, falling less than 0.1% to 2,470.30. markets are in the middle of earnings season, as companies
scientists in spain are trying to get a computer to automatically edit a football match. the technology is being designed to automatically cut down to the key moments. in a test on five matches, the technology detected 70 per cent of the total goals.
the limb was found in a garden in Cranwells park on Wednesday. detectives are "keeping an open mind" as to whether it is linked to two similar incidents. all three feet have been found within a few hundred yards of each other.
three Victorian hotels will be demolished to make way for a six-storey, four star hotel and two assisted-living apartment blocks. english heritage strongly objected to the scale of the development in a designated conservation area. councillors voted seven to three in favour saying it would
judge recuses himself from Asia Bibi's appeal citing possible conflict of interest. last year the Supreme Court suspended her death sentence and gave her leave to appeal. judge Iqbal Hameed ur Rehman was part of the bench hearing the case of salmaan ta
the current 56 day waiting time target for treatment is to be halved to 28 days. health boards have until next march to hit the new target. charities have warned of the growing mental health problem in Wales.
two other men and a woman were also charged with supplying cocaine for "personal use or to on-supply cocaine to friends and colleagues" the 28-year-old was arrested on Thursday night, just days after playing for the Queensland reds rugby team. it is alleged the offences occurred between
Lewis, 48, was released from prison in 2015 after serving less than half of a 13-year sentence for drug smuggling. he has struggled to make ends meet since leaving prison in June 2015, but earns some income through office work. his tour of the 18 first-class counties
Kilmarnock slip to an eighth home Premiership defeat. Alex Schalk's header opened the scoring after eight minutes. Brian Graham's last-minute lob clinched victory for the visitors.
Leinster move to within a point of early-season leaders scarlets. connacht suffer third straight defeat in the pro12.
KCCA beat sundowns 2-0 in the first leg of their last 32-tie in atteridgeville. it means a tenuous lead for the return leg of the second round tie in the Ugandan capital. coach of the year for 2016 voted africa's coach
machinery that used to be "heart" of tin mine to be restored by students. renovation project on the mine at wendron near helston could take several years. owner says machinery on site "has suffered after 14 years of little or no investment"
the Cruz campaign told voters rival Ben Carson planned to quit the race. the campaign apologised to Carson's camp, saying it was a misunderstanding. Mr Trump also cited leaflets that accused Iowans of "voting violations"
the 2014 Commonwealth and european 800m freestyle champion was beaten by record-breaking american Katie ledecky. the 19-year-old from the united states became the first woman since 1968 to do an Olympic cleansweep of the 200m, 400m and 800m titles. ledeck
former defender southgate becomes fourth permanent manager of the national team in as many years. the 46-year-old has signed a contract reportedly worth up to £2m a year. southgate oversaw two wins and two draws as interim manager in september.
impersonators have become an established feature of british politics. their art has become so established that it would be a shame if it was to die off. satirists have been able to impersonate a wide range of politicians.
two-page note found by its owner in a copy of Lewis's book, a problem of pain. "keen interest worldwide" has boosted the guide price from £1,500. letter was written just days after the end of the second world war.
the interior of the Saab 340 that flies to and from orkney was stripped out and renewed. Loganair will spend £3.5m having the same work done to the rest of its fleet. first stage in the three-year project follows criticism about the reliability of Loganair services
police believe the girl could fall into a coma if not treated immediately. the family left two hours later before she could receive treatment. detectives believe the family could be from Kuwait.
sales in VW-branded cars dipped last year after the emissions scandal came to light in September. deliveries fell 5.3% in October, 2.4% in November and 7.9% in December compared with those months in 2014. sales of VW-brand cars fell 4.8% in 2015 to 5.82 million cars from
paramilitary troops and police have been deployed to maintain peace in the hill region. tourism and tea production will be worst hit by the strike, locals say. the GJM has written to PM manmohan Singh urging him to accept their demand.
Tettey side-footed home to give Norwich a 1-0 win against the saints. victory was Norwich's third win in their last four premier league matches. it left them 15th in the table, six points clear of the relegation zone.
GB finish bottom of the pool stage in england with no wins and only three goals scored. Alex danson scores a match-winning hat-trick, with Lily Owsley also on target. head coach Danny Kerry admits "harsh words" were spoken after
the 37-year-old Moroccan had served as secretary general for the last six years. Hayatou was deposed as caf president 10 days ago at elections in Ethiopia. the new president, Ahmad, chaired a meeting with his staff on sunday.
Gordon culliford, 77, from ammanford, carmarthenshire, was last seen. he is white, 5ft 7in tall, with white swept back hair and was wearing black glasses. south Wales police said there is "considerable concern" for the man
David Warner has been named as vice-captain of the australian team. the 28-year-old batsman will lead the side in the limited-overs matches after the final Ashes. australia captain michael Clarke announced his retirement last week.
midfielder had received approaches from rivals Dundee united and inverness caledonian thistle. the 25-year-old made 40 appearances this season, scoring five goals. lawless, who joined Thistle from motherwell in 2012, scored five goals for the club
Jason Duff was found falling in and out of consciousness on bo'ness road. the 44-year-old, of Cowdenbeath, was also banned from driving for four years. blood sample showed he was still over twice the legal drink drive limit.
the 25-year-old joined the blues from reading in august 2015. he was loaned back to the royals in 2015-16 before spending last season with eintracht Frankfurt. the Jamaica international could make his debut against aston villa.
"you put great store by devolving decision-making to ordinary people," he said. he made the suggestion during prime minister's questions in the house of commons. "can you think of one single reason why the people of Yorkshire shouldn't determine their own priorities?"
Guiseley have not lost in nine national league matches while gateshead are unbeaten in five. the visitors went ahead on 15 minutes against the run of play. a slip by half-time substitute Derek asamoah let wesley york curl sweetly into the top-right corner
Robinson turns down a new deal at aston villa. the 21-year-old joins for an undisclosed compensation fee. former Rotherham man Pringle signs for an unspecified fee after one year.
police are investigating footage of people appearing to sing the anti-Irish "famine song" a spokesman for the council said the right of the Orange Order to march was not "absolute" it warned future parades could face greater restrictions or prohibition.
gene editing in embryos is the first time a country has considered it and approved it. the research will take place at the fci in the first seven days after fertilisation. it will be illegal for the scientists to implant the modified embryos into a woman.
india collapse from 277-1 to 323 all out as australia take 348-8. india had already sealed the series and now lead 4-0 in the series. australia have now won 18 consecutive ODIs on home soil.
a man armed with a knife entered a shop and demanded money. he was restrained by members of the public until officers arrived and arrested him. another man was arrested nearby a short time later. the men, who are both 19, are to appear in court on Monday
a major initiative is planned involving commitments by all trusts in England to stick to agreed spending limits. the government line will be that running up unplanned deficits will be no longer acceptable. health secretary Jeremy hunt talked of the need to "restore financial discipline"
cardinal says he has "absolutely no authority over" paedophile. in 1975, he had the names and address of children being abused by Fr Brendan Smyth. he claims the BBC exaggerated his authority at that time.
two cars and a lorry were involved in the collision on the A52 near Nottingham. Gurdip Singh Kareer, 41, was a "loving, caring family man" while Kyle O'Connor, 22, "loved everything". two men, aged 22 and 24, have been arrested
part of the road from the west circular road to Lanark way had been cordoned off since early on Tuesday afternoon. a police spokeswoman said army bomb disposal officers "carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle"
number of people claiming jobseeker's allowance in July fell more sharply. unemployment rate remains at 7.8%, still well above the 7% rate target. number in work increased by 69,000 in the three months to June.
sales fell 2.7% to €48.4bn ($56.1bn; £37.1bn) underlying sales rose 2.9%, analysts had expected a 3.1% rise. despite the weaker-than-expected sales, unilever reported a 7% rise in pre-tax profit
blood samples from about 35 peshmerga fighters revealed traces of sulphur mustard. the ministry of pesherga affairs did not say if any of the fighters had died. mustard gas can burn skin and cause severe respiratory problems.
man, 41, was rescued from the Audi TT which had been driven into reservoir. five officers were filmed rescuing him from the slowly sinking vehicle. the man was found to be uninjured when taken to hospital.
each care home is scored on its level of safety, staff turnover and food hygiene. on the website, a database can be searched using a postcode, region or home name. the National Care Association said if information was not up to date, it could be "unfair"
the program - called Vital - will vote on whether to invest in a specific company or not. the firm it will be working for focuses on drugs for age-related diseases. according to deep knowledge ventures, Vital has already approved two investment decisions.
talc used on the genitals has been linked to a risk of ovarian cancer. researchers say links are unproven and there is no "dose-response" talcum powder has been used in baby powder and other cosmetics since the 1970s.
Pierre Rolland won the 219km stage from Tirano to canazei. it was the frenchman's first triumph since winning the 2015 vuelta a castilla y león. race leader Tom dumoulin retained a 31-second
morecambe drop to 11th, but remain just a point behind blackpool in the final play-off spot and within two points of sixth-placed Carlisle. gareth ainsworth's side fell behind eight minutes earlier when Kevin Ellison scored a superb opener
woman had withdrawn her pension from a bank in Altrincham before heading into the Iceland store. she was approached by a woman who grabbed her trolley and demanded her money. the octogenarian hit the woman over the head with the bacon before the would-be
the hurlers of Ruair g Cushendall have been backed to bring home an all-ireland title. the club, based in Neeson's native county Antrim, will take on county Limerick's Na Piarsaigh
Imani Wiltshire was discovered on the lower deck of the bus in Stratford. she was taken to hospital where she was pronounced dead. a post-mortem examination found she died from head injuries.
the crew includes a British national, but no americans, as initial reports suggested. maersk says it is "pleased to learn that the crew is safe and under the circumstances in good spirits" the incident has prompted the us navy to dispatch a destroyer and a reconnaissance plane.
the 29-year-old winger was taken to hospital following the game in china. he also suffered concussion but posted a message saying "everything is OK" the rest of the Chelsea squad are now in Singapore where they will play two games.
madihah taheer, ummariyat mirza and zainub mirza appeared at the old Bailey. the trio were charged with assisting another to commit acts of terrorism. they were remanded in custody until their next court appearance.
Stephen Doughty wins seat with 9,193 votes, a majority of 5,334 over the tories. turnout was 25.65% - down from more than 60% at the 2010 general election. new MP succeeds alun michael, who stood down after 25 years as
no windfarm at gayton protest march raises money for legal costs and highlighting campaign. developers say turbines contribute to renewable energy targets and help combat climate change. campaigner says turbines have more of a visual impact in Lincolnshire because landscape is flat. public inquiry is due to begin
around 155 countries are expected to formally sign the deal at the UN. to become operational, the treaty needs at least 55 countries representing at least 55% of global emissions to complete all the steps. some environmentalists have dismissed the event as a "distraction"
Edward furneaux, 74, died after crashing his car into a tree in Worle. the body of his 70-year-old wife, Anne, was found the same day. no-one else is being sought in the murder inquiry into his death.
angelina Jolie revealed in may last year she had a risk-reducing mastectomy. the news encouraged women with genuine concerns to get advice. about 5% of breast cancers are thought to be hereditary.
the south eastern trust covers newtownards, county down and Lisburn. the trust has been unable to fill two consultant cardiologist posts. there is also the added problem of staff sickness and increase in the number of referrals.
the firework was dropped through the doorway of a fish and chip shop. the man was taken to hospital where he is described as being in a stable condition. police have appealed for witnesses to contact them.
there are 309,000 Brits registered as having residency in spain but there are likely to be many thousands more living here for just part of the year. a few miles away is a community known as 'little britain' where a fish and chip shop, Chinese and Indian Restaurants
the bottles started arriving at Poldhu cove on the Lizard on Sunday. the National trust said it believed a container had gone overboard from a ship. other nearby coves including Gunwalloe, Polurrian, Church Cove and Marazion have also
Heatherson has been with Yeovil since 2015. she netted seven goals in her first term for the club. the 32-year-old is a former player for charlton, Fulham, Chelsea and bristol academy.
Richard barklie, from carrickfergus, was one of the people identified on CCTV footage by the metropolitan police. mr barklie denied taking part in any racist singing.
council waived its own financial rules three times when granting contracts totalling £156,000. michael Jones said he was "clear" that he had "not misled council" fitness company runs classes in schools and is owned by his personal physiotherapist.
the deal was amended during the suspension so that it no longer constituted a reverse takeover. by close of trading, premier's share price was up by nearly 90% to 36p. the proposed acquisition is still subject to approval by Premier's shareholders and lenders.
Derry move five points clear of fourth-placed Shamrock Rovers with 3-0 win. Aaron McEneff equalised from a penalty before Rory Patterson scored winner.
Tatiana duva-rodriguez, 46, is licensed to carry a concealed weapon. she fired several shots with a 9mm handgun as they drove away. no-one was hurt outside the store in Auburn hills, Michigan.
Posh took a sixth-minute lead when Ryan Sweeney failed to clear a cross from Gwion Edwards. Steven Taylor forced the ball over the line for a third with 12 minutes remaining. Marriott completed his treble in time added on, tapping in a low
Silcox Coaches is a private coach hire and tour operator. it has a contract with pembrokeshire council to provide school transport. letters have been sent home to staff explaining the situation.
Etxabeguren spent five years with real madrid. he was included in their champions league squad for season 2013-14. the 24-year-old made 15 appearances for east fife last season.
residents awoke from a night of colourful fireworks to find the city covered in a thick grey blanket of smog. authorities warned that pollution levels were critically high.
as a teenager he tried three times, unsuccessfully, to defect from Cuba. he finally escaped to Mexico on his fourth attempt, saving his mother from drowning. baseball helped him acclimate to his new american life.
tribal fighters set fire to a building used by militants, government sources tell the BBC. ten IS militants and five tribesmen died in the clashes that followed. the exiled mayor of Fallujah said more tribesman were joining the fight against IS.
the pilot "inadvertently" headed for the area where jets were due to depart. he was ordered to pull up and the airbus 320 circled and landed safely. the plane flew just 30m above two aircraft waiting to depart, a report says.
Arshid, 40, and Basharat, 39, were found guilty by a jury of 50 offences. bannaras, 36, pleaded guilty to 10 offences before the trial started. one woman described the Hussain brothers as "a pack of animals"
fishing communities around the uk voted heavily in favour of leaving the EU during the referendum campaign. many in the industry argue that Brexit now offers the industry the chance to regain control over UK waters. the vast majority of UK fish are exported, mainly to the EU while a significant proportion of the
the former prime minister called the german chancellor days before the referendum. but he later abandoned the idea of getting her and other EU leaders to make a statement granting concessions on free movement. newsnight has learned that no 10 decided it could be portrayed by Vote Leave as
the current terrorist threat is rated as "severe," which means an attack is highly likely. the latest advice from the government is to run away from the danger, hide if that is not possible, and then tell the authorities: "Run, hide, tell."
krystian bielik has signed for Legia from lech poznan. the 17-year-old has made six appearances in all competitions this season. he can play in both a holding midfield role and at centre-back.
more than 100 people are still missing and feared dead after a hillside collapsed on Sunday. landslide hit the la Gabriela district of bello, antioquia province, at about 1900 GMT. local residents initially used their bare hands to dig into tonnes of mud that
eight people were killed when three men drove at pedestrians on the bridge and stabbed people in Borough Market. the 19-year-old was held in barking on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. six other suspects remain in custody
villar has been suspended for one year by the spanish football federation. he and his son were arrested earlier this month as part of a corruption investigation. villar denies all the allegations.
wild animals in travelling circuses (scotland) bill would be the first of its kind in the UK. government consultation found widespread support for a formal ban. a lack of clarity in the legislation about what constitutes a travelling circus.
Ryan Matthews, 62, was already serving a life sentence for double murder. he killed Sharon wall at Wotton lawn hospital in Gloucester, where he lived. police and NHS investigations have failed to establish how Matthews got hold of the knife he used.
man named as abdalfatah HA is suspected of being part of a unit with an al-Qaeda-linked group. prosecutors say the man, arrested in duesseldorf, had carried out death sentences. another suspected al-Nusra fighter was arrested in the town of
Sheffield Wednesday extend their winning run against huddersfield to four games. Wallace scores the only goal of the game in the second half. callum McManaman and Fernando forestieri also on target for the Owls.
RTL claims Baysilone, normally associated with the oil or rubber industries, was found in a breakdown of the implant. a lawyer acting for PIP strongly denied the report, telling RTL that the product was not industrial but a food product used in lipstick. french authorities have advised
Nia Griffith says her party offers "investment in Wales, versus cuts from Westminster" she urged people to "imagine the price" if there was a tory government in Wales as well. "labour changes peoples' lives when we are in government"
amar pelos dois (love for both of us) is a triumph for "brand Portugal", says music journalist and advertising executive Manuel Falcao. the timing was fortunate for Portugal, as the nation shows signs of recovery from the 2008 financial crisis and a massive bailout from its euro
four councillors spotted nodding off during children's service debate. two said they had been listening, one blamed medication. former MP for Stroud, Neil carmichael said it was "wrong"
italian aced the last seven holes to set a target of nine under par. a scrappy par proved to be enough for Molinari to secure the title. the 24-year-old finished second, his best ever on the european tour.
black-tailed godwits spent time on the island this spring, almost double the previous record of 1,320 in 2013. Godwits often stop off in the hebrides to refuel during their migration to Iceland. the majority of the birds this year were found in a tiny field
two state-run papers strongly criticise secretary of state nominee's comments. hawkish Global times tabloid warns that any such action would lead to "large-scale war" china's official response muted, says it has right to conduct "normal activities" in its territory.
animal first spotted at Montevrain, 38km (23 miles) east of Paris. search involving hundreds of emergency services workers, animal-trackers. experts now say the animal is most likely a much less dangerous animal.
police say individuals were using software designed to remotely control computers. known as "Ratting", the practice can grant access to a victim's webcam. the practice is becoming "increasingly common" according to advice website.
Fifa president sepp Blatter announced plans to form an 11-person taskforce. taskforce will review football's scandal-hit world governing body. spokesman for domenico scalea said he would only lead if he is guaranteed independence. campaign group new fi
my brother is a superhero is adapted for the big screen. writer and actress Lisa Williamson's book won best older fiction. winners of best illustrated book and best younger fiction were first-time authors.
the board of east Sussex healthcare NHS trust will make a decision on friday. one paediatric nurse said staff were devastated for their patients. the trust said it was unable to recruit suitable specialist doctors.
the disease killed more than 2,500 people in the country and a further 9,000 in Sierra Leone and liberia. new cases have emerged in Liberia, which had been declared Ebola-free in September. survivors are still living in fear of the stigma and long-term side effects
petition calls for tycoon to be barred for comments about banning Muslims from the u.s. a rival petition opposing a ban on Mr Trump has been signed by nearly 40,000 people. home secretary theresa may has said she cannot comment on the case.
the Procession to Calvary, completed in 1602, will remain on show at nostell priory. painting depicts Christ carrying the cross on his way to crucifixion. campaign by the art fund and national trust raised £1.7m.
former bolton chairman phil gartside dies at the age of 82. Gartside was chairman for 16 years at the championship club. former player and assistant manager Phil brown pays tribute to garside.
pilot, 73, from Thurnby, is being treated for back and leg injuries. tanker driver, 52, treated for minor injuries and 61-year-old occupant unhurt. police guard remains in place at the bungalow while recovery work is carried out.
match-winner says some of his players were goaded by supporters. stewards should have stood on the halfway line after the final whistle, says McCall. millwall boss Neil Harris encouraged his side's fans to leave the pitch.
talks between the two governments are due to resume in Edinburgh on Monday. talks have been put back until 22 february to allow time for a deal to be examined. the fiscal framework is the financial arrangements underpinning the transfer of new powers to the Scottish parliament.
the polls would have been the first between the rival movements for 10 years. lists of candidates for Fatah were cancelled in parts of the Gaza Strip. a challenge was lodged by a lawyer over the inability to hold the vote in east Jerusalem.
the former army colonel is accused of awarding phantom contracts to buy arms. he denies the allegations. the equipment was meant for the fight against Boko Haram Islamist militants.
Georgia have won the past six european nations cup titles - the division below the six nations. new zealand's haig believes the status quo is hampering their development. the lelos have only lost one match since last year's world cup - a narrow defeat by
police said Mrs Clark's family were understandably upset at their loss. officers said inquiries into the circumstances of the incident were ongoing.
Rahama sadau's appearance in a music video "hugging and cuddling" offended some people. the actress said her actions were "innocuous" the Kannywood industry has been under fire from conservative Muslim clerics.
prices rose by 8.6% in England in the year to the end of January, the ONS said. property prices went up by 0.1% in Scotland and 0.8% in northern Ireland. Various surveys have suggested a pick-up in house prices after last summer's lull.
Shimon peres died in a hospital near Tel aviv with his family at his bedside. he was one of the last of a generation of politicians present at the new nation's birth. won the Nobel Peace prize in 1994 for his role negotiating peace accords with the
born at alltnacaillich, Strathmore in 1714, Rob donn could not read or write and dictated his poetry from memory in later life. a wall hanging depicting scenes from his life and work is to be created in a project led by Strathnaver museum and
militant Islamists imposed strict Islamic law when they took over ancient desert city last year. residents of Timbuktu can now enjoy the simple things they were used to, before militants took over. looting on Tuesday revealed the deep inter-communal grievances and raised concerns about
PC James burns was found not guilty of common assault and two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm. he had denied all the charges at caernarfon crown court. the case against another officer, PC Robin Humphreys, was thrown out earlier in the month
the young girl was injured by the drug patrol dog in Belmarsh prison, woolwich. the moj said the incident had been reported to police and the dog withdrawn.
the atacama desert in Chile is one of the driest places on earth. average rainfall is less than 0.1mm (0.004 in) per year. fog is made up of minuscule drops of water which are so light they do not fall as rain. town of
BBC Scotland asked how many cases, concerns and complaints of child exploitation, and child sexual exploitation were recorded in the past four years. the force said the figures were not held on a single system. it comes after officers launched a new unit to help with what police acknowledge is the complex problem of
last year he sold his entire Marilyn Monroe collection, making £1.5m. his collection focused on popular history of the 19th and 20th century. friends have described him as a kind and generous man with a lot of character.
Prevent is a multi-agency programme which aims to stop people being drawn into terrorist-related activity. the home office defended the scheme, saying 130,000 people had been trained to identify and prevent extremism.
GB were beaten 24-18 by Israel, 37-14 by Hungary and 46-14 by Netherlands. the men's and women's teams had their £2.92m funding removed after 2012.
government officials raided a company office and authorities want a full report from the company in weeks. the shares are 40% cheaper than before news of the false data emerged. Sony also traded lower and closed down 1.7%.
Libya's problems of instability are creating new ungoverned spaces in which so-called Islamic State (IS) is taking root. despite the risks, the new government needs lots of help to put down roots in unpromising terrain. there are persistent reports that British special forces are on the ground in
the film star and his lawyer wife amal, want to put up eight cameras in the grounds. they also wish to attach a further 10 cameras to the property. the eye and Dunsden parish council has concerns over privacy and the system's visual impact on the village.
the aim is to cut through the jargon and present election news in a different way. follow our reporter on facebook, where he'll be posting all our coverage. and check out our guide to what the parties say they'll do for young people.
a committee is investigating how a UK exit from the EU could affect northern Ireland. George Hamilton said the PSNI would "not take a position on exit or not" he said the force had a "very good working relationship" with police forces in non-EU countries.
Stephen Keshi's contract will be terminated if he does not meet several targets. the 53-year-old won the 2013 africa cup of nations with the super eagles. he returned on a match-by-match deal after Nigeria failed to qualify for the 2015
AB de Villiers smashes 71 off 29 balls and hashim amla an unbeaten 69 off 38. hosts chase down 172 with 5.2 overs to spare as they lose last seven wickets for 14 runs. defeat is England's fifth in succession in limited-overs
Bissouma penned a professional deal with the northern club only in July 2016. the 20-year-old's previous deal ran until June 2019 after he joined the reserves. he has made 17 appearances for the club since making his debut in september 2016
about 35,000 people turned out for the lights switch on last week. Diwali is a major Hindu festival also marked by Sikhs and Jains. culminates in a large firework display in nearby cossington street recreation ground.
Bloemfontein joins Beijing and Lisbon in being suspended from anti-doping activities. Moscow's lab had its accreditation revoked in April. decision leaves 31 wada-accredited labs in the world, but none in africa.
RNLI asks lifeboat volunteer to stand down "due to serious breaches" of code of conduct. Andy hibbs says he was "bullied" by senior management at the charity. claims of bullying are taken "very seriously" and are being investigated. a former member
virat kohli's india face pakistan in the ipl final on sunday. the 28-year-old is surely the outstanding cricketer in the world today. he has scored 8,008 runs in 183 one-day internationals at an average of 54
allegations were made between 2011 and 2013 when the woman was aged 16 to 19. the 55-year-old had been on bail and was suspended from his parish duties. a spokesman for the church of england diocese of Chester said: "an internal investigation is under way."
both 48-hour and 24-hour strikes have already been held on seven Shell-operated platforms. further action was planned but was put on hold for fresh talks. the initial 24-hour strike on 26 July was the first industrial action of its kind in the north sea in nearly 30 years.
Tom westley (57) and Ravi bopara (61) made half-centuries. mark cosgrove removed bopara, chopping one of his medium pacers on to the stumps.
Andrew Patrick pointed a gun at Alistair Rankine before giving him a bag said to have a bomb inside. the 40-year-old then ordered the driver to steal cash from a bank in Kirkcaldy, Fife. he will be sentenced next month after
chief Rabbi says report's credibility "lies in tatters" after she accepted peerage. spokesman for Jeremy corbyn praises her "legal and campaigning skills" former director of liberty said it was an "opportunity to help hold the government to account"
cnn's john defterios meets the man who claims to be the father of bitcoin. dr. Craig Wright has published his evidence on his blog, it will be examined in minute detail. why keep his secret so long? what about that run-in with the australia
Shahid Tarafdar, 45, was hit by a Peugeot 307 on stockport road. he was taken to hospital but later died. michael Joyce, 21, has been charged with perverting the course of justice.
legal challenge blocked plan to downgrade maternity care at Glan Clwyd Hospital. residents are unhappy with the plans, suggesting women will have to travel further for care. health board bosses said any changes would be temporary and are needed to ensure the safety of mothers and babies.
security sources tell the BBC that the NCSC believes that a hacking group known as lazarus launched the attack. the same group is believed to have targeted Sony Pictures in 2014.
the move follows a decision by the UK government to disband the OFT. people complaining about estate agents will still contact their local authority trading standards department, who will prosecute offenders if necessary.
Laura Trott and Jason Kenny have won five golds between them at the 2012 olympics. the couple got engaged while watching an episode of eastenders on the sofa. they share a cottage outside of Knutsford in the cheshire countryside. their relationship
human rights watch says it has found new evidence regarding the authenticity of the Caesar photos. the group interviewed former prisoners, defectors, forensic experts and families of the disappeared. it also identified a coding system for the cards placed on the bodies. most of the victims were detained by just
secretary of state attended a gaelic football match in northern ireland on saturday. it is understood he was in the stadium's control room when the anthem was played. however, a county armagh labour MP said he had "snubbed"
the incident occurred in the 84th minute of Wednesday's confederation cup match. al-merreikh's director football hatim lashed out with his left arm. he seemed to strike otogo-castane on the right side of his head.
the backdrop to mitt Romney's first rally in Ohio is an artful suggestion of stripped-down virtue. a prominent Romney surrogate, senator portman, urges everyone at the rally to vote as soon as it ends. "every day is election day," says one strategist.
"adventures in the anthropocene" details how humans are altering the planet. it also tells the stories of how we are learning to limit and cope with that change. the royal society Winton prize is worth £25,000 to the winner.
protesters want to replace the government with an unelected "people's council" prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra has offered to meet protest leaders. protesters allege ms yingluck is a proxy for her brother, former prime minister Thaksin.
Paul Anthony Moore, 45, of no fixed address charged with wounding with intent. he was remanded in custody to appear before magistrates in Manchester later. Dorothy cooper was seriously injured when a man allegedly jumped into her vehicle and drove over her.
the UK government gave Northern Ireland the power to reduce the level of the tax. that prompted calls from Scottish and Welsh airports for similar treatment. Chancellor George Osborne announced the duty would be cut for direct long-haul routes from northern Ireland airports.
forwards coach McBryde assumes head coach responsibilities for the third time. the Welsh rugby union will appoint assistant coaches for the summer tour. head coach Warren gatland has named interim coach Rob howley as part of his backroom team.
analysts say satellite images suggest it was demolished in late 2014. IS has targeted Christians in Iraq and neighbouring Syria, seizing their property. a Catholic priest from Mosul warned that its Christian history was "being barbarically levelled"
overall, veterans were at no greater risk than the general public. the study compared suicide risk among 56,205 veterans born between 1945 and 1985 with 172,741 matched non-veterans. young veterans were not found to be at increased risk - a finding at odds with an
age UK review said nearly 1.2 million people were not getting the care they need. charity said this had been caused by cuts to council budgets which had led to a rationing of services. half of councils had seen a care home provider cease trading in their area, while a third
former batsman boycott says odi captain eoin morgan is not "as good as he thinks he is" but pace bowler chris jordan defends his captain, saying: "he has been great for us" england
moat brae in dumfries has been a private house, a nursing home and a hotel. it has been on the brink of demolition and back again. now it will become a national centre for children's literature.
mae ardal wedi ei chynnwys yn y 10 uchaf gan y cyhoeddwyr y dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl ll
candidates respond to question about proposed changes to health care in Staffordshire. lib dem Ian Wilkes says health care and care in the home are not "joined-up" ukip's Phil wood says too many people in the NHS are "trying to protect their own budgets"
GSK has been fined £37,606,275 and the generic firms have to pay £7.4m. between 2002 and 2004, GSK made agreements to pay cash to its competitors. the deals allowed the competitors to bring small amounts of paroxetine to market.
Herbert Kilpin was born in mansfield road, Nottingham, in 1899. he set up AC Milan in italy and became the club's first superstar in the process. writer Robert Nieri is campaigning for a plaque to go outside his birthplace.
a 1.8 mile (3km) protection zone has been set up around the farm. Defra said a full investigation is under way to determine the source of the infection. there have been a number of other outbreaks of the virus in recent weeks.
the men were believed to have been working on the northbound carriageway of the A361 at Gornhay cross, Tiverton. one was flown to Plymouth's Derriford Hospital, while a second Devon Air Ambulance flew the other man to the royal Devon and Exeter hospital
incident came to light after secret service boss was grilled by congress. the gun was found when the man was questioned by agents after taking a video of the president in the lift. he was immediately sacked by his supervisors.
mae arfon Roberts yn cyflogi wyth o garej Bryn Eira ar gyrion y pentref. mae'n honni y bydd y system unffordd
Shwe Mann was sacked from the USDP last week in a power struggle. rumoured to be discussing an alliance with aung san suu kyi. elections will be the first since democratic reforms began in 2011.
police probed reports hounds filled a street in macclesfield, cheshire, in february. CPS said there was not enough evidence to prove animal's death was caused deliberately. anti-hunting campaigner said law is inadequate in its current form.
john boehner, dubbed the "weeper of the house," cried as he watched the pope. other notable times he cried include when he became house speaker. twitter reacted to unexpectedly announcing he will resign from congress
a recent study suggests 87% of Indians have "favourable opinions" of the leader. a letter signed by more than 100 academics ahead of Mr Modi's visit backed this concern. the visit comes at a time when Indian and Indian-American success in Silicon valley is truly formidable
sports direct reports a big drop in half-year profits. chief executive says the past six months had been "tough for our people and performance" chairman of the board launches blistering attack on the way the company was treated.
officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show Cavalia were staying. two Canadians remain in prison. a spokesperson for Cavalia said they were trying to arrange for two employees to return to canada.
two-time world darts champion Adrian 'jackpot' Lewis will be taking part in new competition. Lewis went to his first game at the age of six at the Potters' former home, the Victoria ground. last weekend, lawro got seven correct results, including three perfect scores
US secretary of state says world powers will back Libya in seeking arms embargo exemption. he said IS was a "new threat" to Libya and it was "imperative" it was stopped. last month, the Libyan government warned that IS could seize most of the country.
state prosecutors are holding preliminary investigations to see if anyone has broken the law. financial markets slumped earlier this week amid worries about the claims. Mr Rajoy denies ever having received secret or improper payments.
the two countries failed to sign an accord on sharing river water after objections from the chief minister of the Indian state of west Bengal. there was also no deal granting india overland access across Bangladesh to its land-locked north-eastern states. but there was good news for tens
Darren Kenny, 50, was abused as a teenager when he used to sleep over at the pub. he was convicted of gross indecency, indecent assault and inciting a child under 16 to engage in a sexual act between 1978 and 1981.
the 34-year-old striker is a free agent at the end of the season. he scored four goals as PSG beat Troyes 9-0 on sunday. wenger says he is not interested in a deal for the swede.
the group was blamed for a magnitude 5.9 earthquake after stripping on mount kinabalu. judge said the four had shown remorse and ordered the jail terms to run from 9 June. the group are now free to leave the country, meaning they can be deported
the adult comedy took £1.47m in its first week, falling just behind the animated Pixar film. finding dory took another £1.51m, bringing its total takings to £35.8m. the top 10 also saw a new entry for horror film The purge: election
study of 26 european countries found one in four births in the uk is by C-section. in Cyprus the figure is 52% and in Sweden 17%. royal college of midwives said health systems had a role to play.
chief executive Mike suarez was suspended after a disciplinary committee meeting. the conservative-run authority will not reveal details of the allegations. councillor Howard Murray said the suspension was a "neutral act"
London and Manchester will also host legs of the World Grand Prix series. bid team beat competition from american city Houston. GB Taekwondo team includes two-time Olympic champion jade Jones.
Simeone has led atletico to a host of trophies since becoming coach in 2011. the argentine guided his side to their first title since 1996 last year. they were runners-up to real madrid in the 2014 champions league final.
Ddydd Mawrth, pleidleisiodd pum aelod o'r cabinet o blaid cau'r ffrwd Gymraeg, gyda dau yn
Williams, 42, was forced to qualify after he was defeated by mark selby. he will be one of 14 Welsh players who will have to win three qualifying rounds. Ryan day is the only Welshman to be guaranteed a place in the competition.
campaigners from action group plane stupid staged the demonstration. they are charged with aggravated trespass and entering a security restricted area. the protest took place on the northern runway at 03:30 BST on monday.
the brash, wall street big wig has known president Trump for years, and charismatically defended him in tv interviews. he appeared to accuse chief of staff Reince Priebus of being responsible for white house leaks in a tweet that also appeared to threaten him
Ghoochannejhad, 28, scored five goals in 42 appearances for the addicks. former juve defender motta, 30, featured 12 times for the club. marko dmitrovic, alou diarra and callum harriott have
Darren heath, 45, from Taynton, was sentenced to three years and nine months. he pleaded guilty to five counts of misconduct in public office. judge described his behaviour as "corrosive to the reputation of the police service generally"
Fleetwood mac will close the Isle of Wight festival with a set on 14 June. original member Christine McVie will be joining the band. previous acts to headline the event include red hot chili peppers, Kings of Leon and biffy Clyro.
the 30-year-old has been in the transit zone at sheremetyevo airport for the past month. his passport has been cancelled by the u.s. for leaking details of surveillance programmes. russian president Vladimir Putin has refused to hand him to the american authorities.
the 61-year-old joined the canaries from MLS side Atlanta united in 2016. money managed Walsall, Luton Town and Cambridge united between 2006 and 2015. "watching [head coach] Daniel farke over the past six weeks has rekindled my appetite for management
russia has sent warplanes, helicopters, tanks, artillery guns to an airfield near Assad's ancestral home in latakia province. the airfield could allow it to send a large number of troops to Syria and launch air strikes, according to reports.
a boy on the bank saw his father's boat capsize on the river wey in Guildford. police said the boy jumped into the fast-flowing river to try to save him. members of the public have been urged not to go into the water.
the fountain commemorates those who took part in Operation anthropoid. the mission was to assassinate Nazi police chief reinhard Heydrich. their story was recently made into a film starring Cillian Murphy.
fundraising exceeds public target of £18m, raised with investment from 61 partners. chief executive and director of Hull 2017 says money is "massive vote of confidence" in the city. about £22m will be spent on cultural events and another portion will support events after 2017.
jurors conclude the 96 victims of the 1989 disaster were unlawfully killed and there were police failings. shadow home secretary Andy burnham said "those responsible must be held to account" the force's police and crime commissioner said there had been an "erosion of trust"
the head of the European Commission has called for a summit on migration. it is expected the UK's membership of the EU will dominate that meeting. the EU is drawing up plans to share the "burden" of refugees more evenly among member states.
parts of MH17 plane found in eastern ukraine, possibly from a surface-to-air missile. investigators say they are "of particular interest" and could help show who was behind crash. but they say they have not proved their "causal connection" with the crash
Pembrokeshire council's dealings with Michael Smith said it was "only luck" that stopped his application. the 2015 review was confidential, but a copy of the report has been exclusively obtained by the western telegraph. it revealed a head of service initially failed to provide information of
Erin cross, from Chester, received gene editing therapy in the u.s. doctors have told her parents she is now in remission after the therapy. she is due to return to the uk within the next month for a bone marrow transplant.
charred pine twigs date back 140 million years to a time when fires raged across large tracts of land. fossils are just a few mm long but probably came from trees resembling the Scots Pine that now cover large areas of Scotland
councillors prompted a scrutiny meeting about the Holland Haven-to-Clacton defences. councillor Pierre Oxley, who called in the meeting, said his accusation was "garbage" he claimed the council had been unclear about how much of the beach would be s
Chelsea coach giorgio chiellini is one of the league's most compelling personalities. he is mixing pure theatre in his technical area with the job of pointing them back in the direction that sees them fighting for the big prizes once more. the italian was a blur of perpetual
burnell wins first race of the season at Emirates palace bay. the 23-year-old beat a field of more than 80 swimmers in a sprint finish. he represented team gb at the 2016 rio olympics.
all 108 MLAs met to sign the roll of membership, with 29 newly-elected members doing so for the first time. the Ulster Unionists announced they will form an opposition, saying "let battle commence!" the DUP's Robin Newton has been elected as the new speaker, replacing mit
Nelson, 19, is yet to make a senior appearance for the black cats. he has played two under-21 games in the EFL Trophy this season. Rooney, 20, has played just three times this season but scored twice against the pools on his Argyle debut in may.
both clubs admitted an FA charge of "failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion" players clashed on the pitch during Leicester's 1-0 win following a tackle by James on Jores Okore. it is the third time villa have been found guilty of the off
the 18-year-old man is still in hospital after the incident on 27 January. three female members of staff have been suspended while investigations take place. the school caters for students aged four to 19 with learning difficulties and disabilities.
england women take on ireland at Twickenham on saturday. Emma Croker starts at hooker, with Amy cokayne dropping to bench. Ciara Griffin handed first start at flanker for Ireland.
michael McGibbon, 33, died after an attack in an alleyway at Butler place. police say his killing carried the hallmarks of a paramilitary murder. the 34-year-old was arrested in Belfast on Sunday.
deadfall washed out by rivers from Urquhart Bay wood could explain sightings. previous explanations include circus elephants being exercised in the waters. being mistaken for tree has been no barrier to fame for other "monsters"
the UK's economy grew by an estimated 0.7% in the April to June period. that compared with growth of 0.4% in the first quarter of the year. output in the economy during the second quarter was 2.6% higher than a year earlier.
traffic and pedestrians have been banned from deerness bridge, between Ushaw moor and new brancepeth. Durham county council said the closure would last at least a month. alternative arrangements were being made for buses, including services to Durham community business college and school.
a team of the anti-drug smuggling unit searched the 27-year-old's home. they found 22 doses of heroin and a further one gram of the drug. equipment used in the preparation and packaging of heroin were also seized.
Rosberg reduces Hamilton's advantage in the championship to 20 points. the german was third ahead of Williams' Valtteri bottas and kimi raikkonen. it was Mercedes' most dominant grand prix since the first race in australia.
hirst rose from humble beginnings in Leeds to become the UK's richest living artist. the artist has selected journalist James Fox as his ghostwriter. he was the writer behind rolling stone guitarist Keith Richards' autobiography.
the dons have planning permission for a site at Loirston loch. however, plans for an adjacent training academy were turned down. the club's annual report showed a £1.4m loss for the year to June.
a 72-year-old woman was killed in a crash near Betws-y-coed on 4 October. she was the passenger on a BMW bike when it collided with a Nissan Qashqai. two dogs were taken in by snowdonia animal
Isla Wiggin, who was in another car, died in hospital on 27 august. a lorry and seven cars were involved in the accident at Hinksey hill, Oxford. she was "a loving and caring" daughter who "would have made an amazing big sister"
the woman, believed to be Lithuanian, was struck by a car on the A38 near Burton-upon-Trent. she was airlifted to hospital in cardiac arrest with head, chest and pelvic injuries, but later died. police are now working with authorities in Lithuania to confirm
the 22-year-old helped arsenal win the women's FA cup at wembley in 2016. she won the BBC's Women's Footballer of the Year Award in 2015.
total fitness bosses say they were sorry difficulties over a lease caused them to leave the building on Stansty road. facilities include three pools, a family workout area and a cafe.
the 87-year-old composer says he was flattered by the director's use of his music. the pair have now collaborated for the first time, with morricone scoring the soundtrack for upcoming film the Hateful eight. it is also a first for Tarantino
2014 european 100m champion Dasaolu holds off his friend and rival CJ Ujah. his training partner Asha Philip wins her third title to join him in GB team for Rio. Tiffany porter beats her younger sister Cindy ofili in the 100m hurdles.
research suggests about 13% of the population - or three million people - are living below the breadline. Indigenous children suffer more than their non-Aboriginal counterparts. poverty line defined as half of australia's median income (about A$80,000) charity serving 500,000 free meals to the need
Accord healthcare is to use the plant for its pharmaceutical production. many of the jobs will be filled by ex-Sanofi staff. a spokesman said the investment would have an "extremely positive" impact.
Bates has taken full control of the Leicester speedway lions. he will work alongside co-promoter David darcy. the club finished bottom of the elite league last time out.
police were called to a unit at derwent works, matlock road, at about 20:00 bst. the man, believed to be 19, was later confirmed dead in hospital. a file is being prepared for the coroner, but there are no suspicious circumstances.
30-year-old cannot be named amid claims that identifying her would increase the risk of her taking her own life. she was arrested by detectives investigating the child's death following an incident in march. a press challenge to the temporary reporting restrictions is due to be heard next month.
basil McAfee was found dead by his mother at his home in north Belfast. police said he "suffered a violent death" and added that his killer used an axe. they said although it was not a random attack, his killer remains a danger to others
the report comes 15 months after a deportee died on a flight. the MPs did not comment on the case, which is still being investigated by the police. they criticised the practice of taking "reserves" to airports.
Johanna amunjela is a PhD scholar at the university of Aberdeen, in the UK. she is among the first in the world to investigate the role that specific proteins have in how the disease develops.
around 35 million people are living with HIV and more than 2 million start antiretroviral therapy each year. the discovery of drugs to attack the virus has profoundly changed the way the disease is treated. but there has been fierce debate about when treatment should start.
McAllister joins from mid-ulster side crewe united. the 29-year-old has also had spells with Ards, ballymena united and donegal Celtic. he is carrick's eighth signing of the transfer window.
farmers will be able to clear drainage ditches and streams without asking permission. farmers had complained that the environment agency was micro-managing flood control. academics say diverting water off farmland could increase floods where people live.
Laurence Shahlaei is the first englishman to win the title in 27 years. two-time title holder hafthor bjornsson is also famed for his role in the popular television series. the 32-year-old is standing at 6ft 2in
more than a quarter of those affected said the scams had a significant impact on their health or finances. about 260 people said they needed medical treatment as a result, or were at risk of bankruptcy. the most common scams involved plane tickets, online accommodation bookings and timeshare sales
watchdog inspected 22 schools in england which had previously been inspected by BSI. inspectors found that nine of these schools were inadequate. ofsted chief inspector Sir Michael Wilshaw has written to education secretary.
Worcestershire's mitch santner broke his finger in only his second game in 2016. the 24-year-old left-arm batsman and spinner made his Test debut in 2015. he will rejoin the Rapids following the ICC Trophy in England in June.
west ham will work in unison with the ladies' team to ensure key improvements are made. Hammers were last week accused of sex discrimination by chairman Stephen hunt. vice-chairman Karren Brady said the club are "passionately committed to equality"
acting up report suggests high audition costs for drama school is deterring people from working class backgrounds from entering the arts. government said it was a "priority" to ensure everyone can take part in the arts and culture, including in schools. former Coronation street and eastEnders actress Tracy
Charlie Austin put the home side ahead with a penalty after Shane long was fouled. midfielder Jake Hesketh scored his first goal for the club just after the hour. crystal palace lose captain Scott Dann to a suspected hamstring injury.
O'Leary has been awarded the full sum due under his contract. the 55-year-old had taken the claim to Fifa following his dismissal in 2011. club officials had openly stated to the media that there had been a dismissal.
seven ex-news of the world staff accused of conspiracy to access voicemails. charge could involve about 600 victims, according to prosecutors. ex-managing editor Stuart Kuttner, former news editor Greg miskiw and ex-reporter James Weatherup also face trial.
all 26 are accused of evading tests but say there was an administrative error. they will face trials at the italian Olympic committee's anti-doping court. five of the 26 athletes have already qualified for next year's Olympic games.
Robert McNaughton, 51, from halesowen, set up fake facebook accounts to troll the woman. he bombarded her with abusive Facebook messages, threatening to release intimate images. police said he was "hell bent" on destroying her life after she spurn
pulido, 25, was abducted at gunpoint on Saturday night in his home town of Ciudad Victoria. officials say the man confessed to belonging to a local criminal gang. police are searching for another three men believed to have been involved in the kidnapping.
Bournemouth beat Leicester 1-0 in the premier league. champions saw 70% of the ball before the break. marc pugh scored the winner. artur boruc made a late stop to deny Leonardo ulloa.
fifa president sepp Blatter and secretary general jerome vacke suspended. frenchman Michel Platini is one of the favourites to succeed Blatter. the french FA wants the court of arbitration for sport to intervene.
monarch said it was "trading well" despite a difficult period for the industry. rumours that the company was going bust surfaced on the company's twitter feed. the airline's CAA licence is due to expire at the end of the week.
cotswold district council wants to form unity authority with west oxfordshire. CDC leader says plans aim to improve "administration and the delivery of council services" but Gloucestershire's PCC warns it could "signal the end of Gloucestershire police as we know it"
council said in 2014 it faced the prospect of "becoming insolvent" unless it made "very deep and very fast cuts" scale of cuts it would need to make by 2019 had risen to £134m. council said this was "largely due" to the rising costs of children's services
each year the bank hires about 2,500 students as both summer and full-time analysts. Goldman hoped the move will allow it to find students who do not attend top-tier us universities. the bank recruits from 400 colleges and universities globally and 225 in the us.
Liverpool beat Leicester 2-1 in their premier league clash at anfield. adam lallana scored his second goal in a week to seal the win. reds keeper Simon mignolet picked up blood injuries to his nose and eye.
fly-half Billy Burns scores all 16 points for Gloucester. hosts hit back through Damien lagrange but his try was unconverted. Gloucester will face either Stade Francais or local rivals bath in the final.
toby Ricketts and Marianna fenn tied the "noodle knot" in the south island town of akaroa. guidelines of the pastafarian religion stipulate that wedding celebrants must be pirates. members of the church profess the belief
FSB members conspired with criminal hackers, according to DOJ. hackers allegedly targeted Russian and us government officials. 30 million Yahoo accounts commandeered for use in spam campaign, indictment says.
football ticket-touting laws are being flouted, leaving fans vulnerable to online brokers. some websites have deals with clubs but others could be "duping" customers. the FSF says supporters "would not mind paying an administration fee" to clubs.
data dump appears to include nearly 200,000 emails belonging to noel biderman. security firm verifies basic details of the data, released last week. some experts have decided not to view the contents of the emails.
the working-age population will rise by less than 1% but the population aged 65 and over is projected to increase by almost 26%. the report also assumes that the level of migration to northern Ireland will continue to be very low. it breaks down population changes by local government district and predicts the largest
Conor Thomas scored the only goal of the game in the 94th minute. the striker was picked out by Nicky ajose and slotted home from outside the box. relegation-threatened swindon were unable to break the deadlock
Chris may, 28, was last seen at his home in Kelvedon, Essex, on 25 may. his Volkswagen golf was found abandoned in the village of fairstead, according to Essex police. charity missing people is now advertising his case nationally.
accident in dumfries and galloway highlights perils of delivering wind turbine parts on country roads.
the AI was repurposed from software developed by google. it was shown 129,450 photographs and told what type of skin condition it was looking at. only one in 20 skin cancers are melanoma, yet the tumour accounts for three-quarters of skin cancer deaths.
angel di maria writes open letter to united fans after £44.3m move to psg. argentine midfielder admits his one season at old trafford "did not go well" united are holding out for a deal that includes real defender Sergio ramos
footballer admits failing to provide a breath sample and driving otherwise than in accordance with licence. the 35-year-old's Mercedes was stopped by police after it almost hit a lorry in north London. he was also ordered to carry out 150 hours' unpaid work and
severe flood warning removed from the A361 between east Lyng and burrowbridge. road has been inspected by council highways officers and reopened at 17:00 GMT. there is still some water on a short stretch of the road.
female was found in the Llandovery area last month, struggling with a fever and dehydration. she was rehabilitated by RSPCA staff at a specialist wildlife facility in Taunton.
the 50-year-old actress said her chest began to ache last week. she became nauseous and feverish after helping a woman out of her car. in a blog entry on her website, she revealed the type of attack was known as the "widow maker"
service held to mark the surrender of japan at the end of world war two. readings from burma veterans and a performance from the military wives choir. wreaths laid at the war memorial, including one on behalf of the city.
Kuba moczyk, 22, died in hospital after he was knocked out in an unlicensed fight. a memorial mass has been held at St Mary's church in the town. father Philip shryane told the congregation Mr Moczyk's "life was boxing
burials were held for 33 of the 84 people whose bodies have been recovered. rescue workers are still searching the local river for victims. between 20 and 25 local people caught in the flood have not been accounted for.
the opposition in Venezuela has claimed the country is "becoming another Cuba" but the BBC's will grant says there are growing parallels to a specific point in Cuba's past. Cuba struggled to provide enough food for its people just after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
the Ayrton light, located above the Great Bell - known as Big Ben - needs to be fully dismantled and restored. a temporary light will replace it until 2021 because of repairs to the tower. installed in 1885, it was previously turned off only during both world war
barca remain six points off leaders real madrid after 1-1 draw in la liga. sergio ramos' last-minute header makes it 1-1. barca were poor in the first half but looked set to close the gap to three points.
investigators said they saw no gunmen and heard no shots when they filmed the hunt. however, Malcolm Henderson told a court he had been there with a shotgun. he said he was present when a fox was flushed from cover and pursued by hound
Jason Alexander, 39, used a company credit card to buy almost £91,000 of gadgets. a judge ordered him to pay back £115,000 to his ex-employers within six months. judge: "it seems you were doing it as some kind of philanthropic
russian state tv suggests a european wine ban in retaliation for EU sanctions. sanctions were introduced last year after Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine. the sanctions limit access to western financial markets for state firms.
six britons accused of illegally possessing weapons while working on a ship. they were arrested in October 2013, but a police appeal has blocked their return. the case was due to be heard later, but has now been adjourned to 22 April.
the nursing and midwifery vacancy rate stands at 4.5% - the highest ever reported. the royal college of nursing said the current situation threatened patient care. health secretary Shona Robison insisted staff levels within the NHS had risen to "historically high levels"
a woman tells a jury she saw mark piper being violent with his other child in 2012. the incident happened in the living room of Mr Piper's Chelmsley wood home. "he punched him in his stomach at the same time on the stairs," the witness said.
19 sailors were killed when the destroyer took a direct hit during the falklands war. Clive gale was part of a 39-strong team which carried out a number of dives on sunken ships. some dives lasted for up to eight hours.
Wales' first commercial tidal energy farm is due to launch off Anglesey in summer 2016. its electricity generators will operate like wind turbines but with blades driven by wave action. menter mon and wave hub were confirmed by the crown estate as managers for the west Angles
AP McCoy collects champion jockey's trophy for 20th and final time. the 40-year-old finishes third on 5-2 favourite box office in his final race. former arsenal striker Ian Wright pays tribute to the legendary rider. just A par's trainer Paul Ni
jet2 argued compensation payments should be delayed pending outcome of similar case in the Netherlands. judge at Liverpool county court ruled that "a line should now be drawn. justice delayed is justice denied" four airlines in the UK have made applications to delay payments: jet2, Thomas Cook, Ryanair and wizz
the allegations dominated the news during an EU summit last month. the german government wants to hear directly from fugitive NSA leaker Edward snowden. it says it cannot offer him asylum because he would have to make his application on german soil.
Swansea beat reading 2-0 at the liberty stadium on saturday. adam king scored either side of the break. the development squad won the league in march.
a government feasibility study is already under way to consider the various options for the road. a tunnel is the only "realistic solution", says tory MP for salisbury.
the winner of the leadership election will be announced on Saturday. Jeremy burnham is up against Jeremy corbyn, Liz Kendall and Yvette cooper in the contest. campaign source said this was "categorically not" the case.
chancellor says he has no plans to cut income tax by 5% for those earning over £150,000. but he refuses to completely rule out the move. lib dem minister accuses the conservatives of "unbelievable cheek" in taking credit for personal tax allowance rises.
tens of thousands of Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh amid a military crackdown on insurgents in Myanmar's western Rakhine state. they have told horrifying stories of rapes, killings and house burnings, which the government of Myanmar has claimed are "
just 40,100 families - that's around 8% of estates - will pay any IHT at all in 2016/17. that number is set to rise over the next few years, but much more slowly than expected. the chancellor has finally been able to make changes to
Stocktrade is being transferred to the Dundee-headquartered firm for £14m in cash. last September, Stocktrade had £4.3bn of assets under management. the buyer said it now stands at £4.6bn, bringing 48,000 new customers.
the new languages will be afaan Oromo, amharic, Gujarati, Igbo, Korean, marathi, pidgin, Punjabi, Telugu, Tigrinya, and Yoruba. the first new services are expected to launch in 2017.
John Smith, 41, staged seven collisions in Chester allowing more than 200 people to make false personal injury claims. police say the scheme could have cost more than £1m. Smith denied conspiracy to commit fraud and will be sentenced on 23 April.
JP Nadeau was struck by lightning mid-sentence at his wedding. his daughter saw lightning strike the ground nearby. he says he was unscathed and the wedding proceeded.
study suggests every hour spent using a touchscreen each day was linked to 15 minutes less sleep. experts said the study was "timely" but parents should not lose sleep over it. children who play with touchscreens do develop their fine motor skills more quickly.
former Exeter player Pope, 26, can also play on the wing. may, 22, has made 69 appearances for the penzance-based side. moyle, 24, can play at full-back, wing or fly-half.
18-year-old woman was driving a Toyota yaris when it was in a crash with a van. she and her front seat passenger, also 18, were pronounced dead at the scene. a third woman, in the back of the car, was flown by air ambulance
a grant of £1.25m was provided in 2013 to encourage councils to stream meetings online. but not all councils stream meetings and the latest Welsh Government move has been backed by all parties. ministers have now proposed to make broadcasting of the meetings a "statutory requirement"
Wasps beat bath 14-3 in the sixth round of the six nations. tries from Christian Wade and aaron beale put the hosts in control. wasps move into the top four after the win.
Nikki is a vlogger and spends a lot of time on the internet. for safer internet day, we spoke to her about how she stays safe online.
striker charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger. west ham striker accused of driving on Duke street, Glasgow, on 17 April. the 29-year-old was not at the city's justice of the peace court when the case called.
more than 20 people have been arrested in connection with the incident, a government spokesman said. most of the passengers, including the alleged bomber, were originally booked on Turkish Airlines. no group has said it carried out the bombing but al-Shabab, part of al-Qaeda
Mauricio macri defeated the peronist candidate, Daniel Scioli, in a historic election. he will be president of argentina on 10 december. the new president has promised to be a "president for all Argentines"
Matthew daley, 35, denies murder but admits attacking 79-year-old solicitor Donald Lock. defence counsel says NHS trust apologised for having "failed" daley's family. court hears mr lock was stabbed 39 times during a "fer
hastings pier is being rebuilt with £14m of money raised mainly through the heritage lottery fund. it is now hoped a further £300,000 can be raised by selling 3,000 shares for £100 each. the 140-year-old structure was almost completely destroyed by
Microsoft read blogger's emails in order to identify an employee suspected of leaking information. search was technically legal, but the firm would consult outside counsel in the future. revelations of the search have led to renewed focus on the privacy violations of technology firms.
network rail says it is committed to working with the Welsh Government to get value for taxpayers' money. Mr Skates has accused the company of a lack of investment in clearing leaves this autumn. he believes this has led to over-crowding and reduced punctuality of services.
the 60-year-old was a passenger in a car that was involved in the collision with a van on the foreglen road in Claudy at about 16:00 BST on Tuesday. the injuries sustained by the drivers of the car and the van are not believed to be life-
student leaders hail "victory" for their Rhodes must fall campaign. university senate backs calls for the statue to be permanently removed. the statue had been attacked earlier this month by a protester.
county are tenants at the ground which is also used by rugby union teams. rodney parade limited agreed a 10-year lease for the football club in 2013. the exiles have had two games - against morecambe and barnet - abandoned at half-time.
a total of 19.2% passes were a* and a grades - a drop of 0.2%. opposition parties said it was a reality check and Wales had come up short. an improvement in performance in the north east of England (67.2%) saw the region overtake Wales (66.6%)
east Midlands airport started life as castle donington airfield - a decommissioned RAF base. in its first year, 114,000 passengers passed through the airport. a £14.5m new departure building opened in 1996, when the airport welcomed its 25 millionth passenger.
the NCA has released the names of the most wanted, whose crimes range from rape to child abuse and drug trafficking. the list was published in Madrid as part of operation captura. it includes ex-soldier Shane Walford who was jailed in 2010 for the man
the 27-year-old was caught on camera apparently swearing at Murray's semi-final opponent. Murray had defended sears, saying: "in the heat of the moment, you can say stuff that you regret" but the american made light of the issue for the final against novak
visitors from boats have also built bonfires and cleared vegetation on les minquiers. the States is urging boat owners and visitors to respect Jersey's wildlife laws. dozens of people from France and Jersey visit the reefs each summer.
local MP Ian Lucas said people were concerned about the impact it could have if the prison assumed a local name. prisons minister Jeremy Wright says local names are "generally avoided as most local people object" he said it was likely people would be invited to propose names for the £212
former Stevenage and Fleetwood defender signs one-year contract with Cambridge. the 33-year-old made 52 league starts for the r's over the past two years. former Crewe youngster has also played for Accrington.
emergency services called to longtown bridge, near Carlisle, on Tuesday. the 32-year-old man had just rescued a young girl from the river. chief fire officer warns people against swimming during heatwaves.
boy, named locally as reggie, was attacked at a house in falkland road. he was taken to hospital where he later died. police said the family's dog posed no threat to the wider public.
court told there were "no signs" of teeth marks on the tag around the accused's ankle. defence lawyer told the court he faced "an uphill struggle" to secure bail for his client. the judge remanded the 23-year-old in custody and said other outcome
former business secretary says offer is "quite close" to what he would have offered. he says it shows a commitment to south Wales and the steel industry. but there are still "a lot of hurdles to overcome" before a management buyout.
Connor Hamer, 22, said he had been refused service at the restaurant in Pilsworth. the firm said it "respected his right to protest" but the drive-thru was "for roadworthy motor vehicles only" "to me a horse is like a car, I
former barcelona striker Sanabria scored his fourth goal in two games. the striker was on loan at the time from serie a side Roma. alvaro negredo missed three chances to equalise for the visitors.
it is the third time Vitalmiro bastos moura has been tried for Dorothy stang's death. in previous convictions, which were overturned, he was sentenced to 30 years in prison. prosecutors earlier said moura and another rancher had hired gunmen
19 people were all obese with an average body fat percentage of 40% at the start of the trial. they spent five days on a diet designed to match how many calories their bodies were burning. after six days, calorie intake was cut by 30% or around 800 calories per day.
hmp hewell in Worcestershire was highlighted by HM inspectorate of prisons last year. HMIP said there had been one murder and six suicides since their last visit. most of the criticism was reserved for the closed prison, which houses 1,100 prisoners.
the 23-year-old is one of six Scots in a 31-strong team heading to belgrade. muir will be joined in her races by olympians Eilidh Doyle and steph twell. 800m runner Guy learmonth and
health policy, which is devolved to Welsh ministers, is a "real dividing line" between it and the conservatives. labour says it would use funds from a tax on expensive homes for 1,000 extra staff. conservatives say Wales is the only part of the uk where health
Borders hospitals spent £3.18 per day per patient on meals and snacks. NHS ayrshire and arran and dumfries and galloway spent a similar amount. some hospitals were sourcing 50% of their food from abroad.
apple sold 74.8 million iPhones in its fiscal first quarter, compared with 74.5 million a year ago. the tech giant said revenue for the next quarter would be between $50bn and $53bn. sales of the iPhone, surely the single most profitable product, were basically flat.
traders accused of manipulating markets that caused a 1,000-point fall on the us Dow Jones index. prosecutors allege he made about $875,000 (£600,000) from the move. the "flash crash" on 6 may 2010 sent the Dow Jones industrial average briefly plung
british team will play argentina in the semi-finals on 16-18 september. the winner will play either france or Croatia in the final in November. you can now add tennis alerts in the BBC Sport app.
the incident happened in September as Ms Bishop was travelling to the united nations general assembly in new york. the officer who conducted the pat-down was suspended and later reinstated. but a more senior officer who ordered the check has been sacked.
incident happened at the Edenderry industrial estate on the crumlin road. man was taken to hospital with minor injuries. health and safety executive is investigating.
Stephen beattie worked for Northumbria, Staffordshire and Cleveland forces. he was suspended in 2011 and later resigned. more than 350 of his cases, including suspicious deaths and arsons, reviewed.
the 30-year-old played for Somerset in 2011. he helped them reach the final of the domestic T20 competition. van der nerwe has represented south africa at international level.
more than 3,600 firefighters battling blaze 60 miles (97km) east of Sacramento. fire has consumed wide swathes of timber in Eldorado national forest. many of the people ordered to evacuate their homes were in pollock pines. further north, a
the money was raised by angel syndicate Equity Gap, venture capital firm par equity, us syndicate Aero-Den and the Scottish Investment Bank. the move has led to five new skilled jobs which have been filled by former oil and gas supply chain workers.
new polymer £5 note will be available in branches before becoming more widely available across Scotland. it continues to feature Sir Walter Scott and the mound on the front, and a bridge theme on the back. bank of Scotland also plans to replace its £10 paper note with a polymer version next year
Ipswich extend unbeaten run to eight games with 1-1 draw at middlesbrough. keeper bartosz bialkowski makes fine saves to deny Stewart downing and Jordan Rhodes. second-placed birmingham thrash stoke
18-year-old "failed" a test that had nothing to do with fitness, form or even doping. court of arbitration for sport suspends "hyperandrogenism" rules for two years. case is a cause celebre and evidence in a scientific debate about testosterone
160 kilos of herbal cannabis was discovered in Ashbourne, county meath. all four men, who are Irish nationals, are being questioned on suspicion of drug trafficking offences.
the comments were accidentally broadcast to reporters outside the meeting. he said the EU was the only major power to attach "political" conditions to its relationship with Israel. the EU has repeatedly condemned Israel's building of Jewish settlements in the occupied west bank.
former Cardiff councillor has put forward a petition calling on the Welsh Government to change the name. rebranding the airport with such a well-known name would attract international customers, he said.
penelope Davis, 47, was attacked while tending to her horses. her body was found in a field on leygreen farm, Beaulieu. a total of five people have been arrested in the case.
report into bullying claims says British cycling "lacked good governance" at board level. report criticises former technical director Shane Sutton and funding agency, uk sport. british cycling president cookson says he is not "pinning the blame" on the funding agency.
six politicians from across the political spectrum will be in the studio panel. presenter Sarah Smith will put your questions to the politicians. the politicians will tackle a range of subjects including the economy and welfare.
french prime minister jean-marc valles met david cameron in downing street. the two men spoke about the ongoing threat of european recruits to Islamic state. he said sections of the british media and business classes needed to get past a "caricature
church members have voted to raise the cost of a wedding from £296 to £415. the fees include the costs of lighting and administration for the first time. despite warning from some members of the Church's governing body, the General Synod.
remains of two british soldiers found during work on a new housing estate in ypres. gunners Joseph rowbottom, 27, and Albert Venus, 22, died during the battle. their bodies were reinterred in coffins draped with the union jack.
mae gan Gymru a rhannau eraill o'r cyfraddau goresgyn canser gwaethaf yn y byd datblygedig.
eu cynnwys yn y Mesur Diddymu Mawr, sy'n amlinellu sut y bydd miloedd o ddeddfau'r UE. mae'r
defence minister mark Lancaster said 12,565 of the homes were "expected to materialise in this Parliament" the sites include an RAF base, barracks, ex-world war two airfields and a chaplaincy center. network rail has announced it will release land at almost 200 sites
Wycombe move up to sixth spot, above leyton orient on goal difference. hosts had Josh passley dismissed for bringing down garry Thompson. dagenham remain in the relegation places, while the daggers draw level.
Malan hits 12 fours and two sixes in a 44-ball knock for the highest score by an english player on T20 debut. AB de Villiers makes 39 and mangaliso moseshle 36 off 22 balls for south africa's total of 162-7.
panther chameleon found by dog walker in wooded area at marl park. x-rays showed all of its legs were broken and it had a deformed spine. RSPCA said it was an "extremely sad example of an abandoned exotic pet"
last year's event, the first at Strathallan in Perthshire, was criticised over traffic issues and antisocial behaviour. DF Concerts said improvements include colour-coded zones, better signage and 24-hour dedicated management teams. the Stone roses, Calvin Harris and red hot chili peppers
families of missing passengers attend prayer service in kuala lumpur. new analysis of satellite data means efforts will now focus on southern part of search zone. air chief marshal says investigators are "running out of time" in the search.
a number of games have been developed to raise awareness of mental health conditions. a recent report from the APA described it as an area that's been "largely untapped" depression quest is designed as a realistic depiction of depression, rather than a form of treatment.
follow us on facebook, on twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.
Kieran innes, of Aberdeen, died after his car crashed on the a90 north of forfar. he was a coach with middlefield wasps FC. the club said: "he loved all his players who will miss him dearly."
the 20-year-old passes a medical and agrees personal terms with the club. the midfielder signs what is reported to be a deal worth £20m. he will compete with Steven Gerrard, Lucas leiva, Raul meireles and Christian poulsen
Vaughan joined blues permanently from huddersfield in the summer. the 28-year-old has featured just once this term for the club. he is the premier league's youngest ever scorer at 16 years and 271 days.
he collided with a black Vauxhall insignia on the junction of wian street and London road in Holyhead shortly before 12:30 BST on 3 June. the man, who was local to the area, was taken to a hospital in Stoke but has died from his injuries
AFC Wimbledon are set for a film to be made about the club. the phoenix club reached the football league in 2011. american author John green will co-produce the film.
there are renewed hopes that football can finally gain a toehold in the cricket-loving country. there are a number of initiatives under way to boost the sport in india. challenges include wooing fans away from watching overseas football on tv.
Swansea beat bottom-of-the-table villa 2-1 in their premier league clash. andre ayew scored the winner with a 25-yard free-kick. the win lifts the south london side out of their mini-slump
a grieving Peter Fanning wins his Pipeline quarter-finals heat on wednesday. the australian posted on social media that it was one of the most challenging days of his life. it has not been disclosed how or where his brother Peter died.
Dylan Groenewegen wins first stage of tour de Yorkshire. beats australia's Caleb Ewan and england's Chris Opie. Adam blythe places eighth on 173km run from Bridlington. women's race takes place over same route
the country is struggling with huge debts and it's affecting the lives of lots of people who live there, including many children. newsround reporter Ricky has been to Greece's capital city, athens, to meet children and find out how things have changed for them.
officers were alerted at 06:20 GMT to a man "in possession of what looked like a firearm" residents from two blocks of flats were evacuated but have since been allowed home. the man, in his 40s, was arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun.
the Palestinian delegation wants Fifa to suspend Israel from world football. the Palestinians are pursuing a strategy they call "internationalisation" the issue has been raised in previous years but some sort of deal was worked out. head of the PFA, Jibril Rajoub, says nothing will
HS2 says the redevelopment of the station will finish in 2033 - seven years later than planned. a change to plans submitted two years ago has proposed that the construction of five further platforms within the existing station should be delayed. Euston is set to gain six new platforms and an additional
there are currently plans for more than 4,000 student 'beds' to be developed in Belfast over the next few years. most of the planned student accommodation is on the northern edge of the city centre, close to the new campus of the Ulster university. the latest application, which was filed last week
£1.471bn spent shooting movies like star wars: the force awakens and Avengers: age of Ultron in 2014 represents a 35% increase on 2013. money spent on homegrown UK films also increased, with £188m spent making films budgeted at £500,000 and above
pupils will perform their own response to 10 pieces of classical music. blue peter's barney Harwood and children's tv presenters Dick and Dom host the concerts. the opening weekend of this year's proms will be broadcast live on radio 3.
the 22-year-old clocked 19.95 seconds at the southeastern conference championships. his time is better than the British record of 19.94 set by John Regis in 1993. Adam gemili is the only other Brit to go sub 20 seconds.
Guinea finish bottom of group a having needed a win against argentina to have any chance of progressing. england advanced to the last 16 with a 1-0 win over south Korea.
three 15-year-olds, two 16-year olds and one 17-year robber struck 14 times in less than a month. they threatened motorists with knives and a firearm, west Midlands police said. all six pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob and have
dfc owner John Nelms says a land use application will soon be submitted with the local council for land in camperdown park. he and fellow american owner Tim Keyes recently bought 29 acres of land there. the club revealed an operating loss of £530,000 to 31 may
serena wins 6-4 6-4 to move up to number 23 in all-time list of major winners. american regains the number one ranking from german angelique kerber. defending champions novak djokovic and roger federer also through.
Ant and dec named TV personalities of the year for the third year running. Susanna Reid named best news presenter/reporter for the second year in succession. a number of last year's award recipients were recognised again.
eight council areas around Glasgow will receive about £1bn from the UK and scottish governments. the city deal scheme will see Westminster and Holyrood give £500m each in additional grant funding. councils will supplement this by borrowing £130m.
leader grenville Ham says community-run renewable energy schemes could provide jobs. the party currently has one Welsh councillor and 50 confirmed candidates. "my vision is to cut out the exploitative middle man in energy production," he says.
Fosse park, near junction 21 of the M1, opened in 1989 and was bought in august. plans are now being prepared to improve parking and traffic congestion. council leader says new owners have met with the council to clear up "potential planning questions"
batsman coetzer says more matches against higher-ranking teams are vital. the 32-year-old believes the Scots are coming at this series with the strongest squad they have ever had. he believes the temperature in Afghanistan could be an advantage against the team ranked 10th in
the red brick terrace at 9 Newcastle road, wavertree, was where the member of the Beatles lived from birth, in 1940, until he was five. auctioneers said a telephone bidder, who wanted to remain anonymous, was the successful buyer after a "bidding war"
the Victory medal belonged to Pte William John boaden of the 3rd battalion Devonshire regiment. the medal was found in a farmer's field in porthcawl by a team of metal detecting enthusiasts. researcher Stephen Lyons tracked down
stabbed victim's remains were retained by greater Manchester police without his family's knowledge. dozens of other families have also been told their loved ones' body parts were kept by the force. it became illegal in 2006 to remove or store human tissue without families' consent.
the 24-year-old midfielder sustained the injury just 26 days after joining from crewe. he had an operation on Saturday and is expected to be out until November. McCann also confirmed that Posh had not taken up the option to sign trialist striker Morgan Ferrier.
the Shanghai composite was down 1.2% to 4,565.25 with analysts citing some brokerages tightening lending requirements on margin financing. a state-owned investment firm also said it sold shares in the top four banks. the mainland benchmark index has surged over 140% in the past 12 months
WRU chairman gareth Davies says regions have "upped the ante" over Scott Williams' contract. the union's central contract would have kept the player at the scarlets. dual contracts are funded 60% by the union and 40% by the region. at least one other Welsh region has shown
contraband became lodged on the 60ft (18m) roof after attempts were made to throw it over the prison walls. prison spokesman said the crane is now being used as a deterrent, "a bit like visible police street patrols" 290 mobile phones and SIM cards were
Charles howden, 64 and fiona Stanley, 59 were killed when their motorcycle collided with a white BMW car. their families said they were "much loved by all those whose lives they touched". officers are carrying out inquiries into the full circumstances surrounding the collision.
a pair of ex-offenders have founded a charity to find jobs for prisoners who have served sentences. Tempus Novo works in offices opposite the looming Victorian hulk of their former employer. the charity offers support to both employer and employee for 12 months.
the rural grave was discovered last November in the town of Tetelcingo. investigators say the bodies may have been dumped illegally by morgue officials. morelos is among the worst-affected states in Mexico's epidemic of drug-related violence.
study of more than 250 plants and animals suggests their ability to adapt to changes in rainfall and temperature will be vastly outpaced by future climate change. amphibians, reptiles and plants are particularly vulnerable, according to us researchers. tropical species are at higher risk than those in temperate zones
the £1.1bn M4 proposal would cross four sites of special scientific interest. 105 hectares of designated land set aside for protection of water invertebrates would be lost. the Gwent levels' unique network of ditches, known as reens, were
sterling drops 0.5% against the dollar to trade at $1.2872, while it also sheds a similar amount against the euro to 1.1844 euros. the FTSE 100 index closed almost flat, up 1.4 points at 7,386.6. pharmaceuticals firm hikma dropped 8.2%,
the prime minister will set out the terms of reference for the process in the coming weeks. there has been controversy over Sir Martin's suitability for the role and the areas the inquiry will cover. more than 400 submissions were received during the consultation period.
the man is said to have been trying to gather details about a german parliamentary committee. german authorities have asked the US ambassador for "swift clarification" the scale of the NSA's global spy programme was revealed in documents leaked last year.
a matinee performance of "matilda" was called off on wednesday. the actress playing the role was unable to sing the rest of the songs. a show representative said the actress's voice had deteriorated further. Thursday's performance will go
CAS report criticises poor practice including unclear signage and misleading parking tickets. CAS is concerned about the effect on elderly and disabled Scots. there is currently no specific legislation or regulations regarding parking on private land in Scotland.
party's Anna McMorrin polled 26,081 votes with the tories' Craig Williams on 21,907. tory Welsh secretary alun Cairns narrowly held on to his Vale of Glamorgan seat. Owen Smith had more than double the number of votes
the eurozone group said reforms were Greece's "best guarantee" to overcome tough economic and social challenges. with 99.9% of ballots counted, interior ministry results put new democracy on 29.7% of the vote (129 seats), Syriza on 26.9% (71) and the socialist
oil prices are less than half what they were in June 2014. that hurts Opec member countries. government finances and economic performance have taken a substantial hit. this time the situation was complicated by Iran's emergence from sanctions.
former world player of the year messi has inspired argentina in brazil. but mehmedi says it is not all about the barcelona forward. the 27-year-old is one goal shy of maradona's 1986 five-goal haul.
david cameron's visit to wales may not have come at a better time, says alistair darling. he was particularly dismissive of carwyn Jones' claim some of the tories' spending plans were nigh on impossible, darling says. darling
it happened at the Aberdeen sea cadets base at pocra quay last november. police described it as "disgraceful" and said a 35-year-old man was involved. the crown office said there should be no proceedings taken at this time.
Jebb, 19, made 21 appearances for the gunners' under-18 side last term. McAllister, 25, missed most of pre-season after ankle surgery.
film sent to india's information and broadcasting ministry refused clearance. documentary was filmed by five students from the Tata institute of social sciences. ministry officials said they were "not provided with adequate information"
some 600 segments of coloured stone floor have been found since archaeologists began examining debris from the hilltop site in 2004. experts say they managed to assemble seven potential designs of how the flooring could have looked like. plateau where the temples stood is the most sacred site in jud
food and drink exports rose 8.5% to £10.2bn, helped by fall in pound after Brexit vote. whisky remained the top export, while salmon was second, and beer rose to third. but the FDF warned that without a favourable Brexit trade deal, British exports could
a total of six development sides are left in the competition. mansfield will host the winner of Walsall v oldham. coventry play Brighton under-21s at the Ricoh arena.
Nicole Ferguson, 27, from Fergleen park in derry, pleaded guilty to stealing. the offence was committed between 21 march and 24 July 2014. she has been released on bail until she is sentenced in February.
tenants' details are easier to steal, according to credit reference agency. this group also tend to use mobile and online services more often. identity theft has become the most prevalent form of fraud for first time since recession.
police were called to an address in Holland street at about 16:15 on Wednesday. they found the body of James Chadwick, who was from the city. his death is now being treated as murder following a post-mortem examination.
operation titan was set-up to investigate public order-related incidents. two hundred and sixty people have already been convicted. ACC Will Kerr said 2013 had been a challenging year for policing.
David Buchanan, 18, admitted two counts of hacking and one of impairing the operation of or hindering access to a computer. the charges refer to "computer intrusion and damage to network profiles" in July and august 2015.
Janet Jordon, 48, her daughter derrin, aged six, and her partner Philip Howard, 44, were found in a house in didcot. the body of murder suspect, Janet's son, was found two days later in woodland near marston ferry road, Oxford
residents pay council tax based on which band their property is in. Band D is used to charge tax to a property worth between £91,001 to £123,000. it has historically been used as the standard for comparing council tax levels. in 2017/18 a total of £4.1b
"there's things in there that will make your mouth drop," the Genesis star says. the donation was accepted by a texas land commissioner. he is campaigning for a new historical centre to house his collection.
Cas lead 16-10 at the break after tries from former cas centre Joe arundel (2) and stand-off Jacob Miller. cas add six more after the break through andre savelio, Luke gale, junior moors, Ryan Hampshire, minikin and Holmes.
Kilmarnock trail united by five points with six games left for play in the premiership. paatelainen thinks his side can still overtake the scottish side. the united manager does not rule out Hamilton Academical being drawn in relegation battle.
reptile has become the talk of pakefield, near lowestoft. owner said he had tried to entice it down but it was "living the life of Riley" iguana appears to have made his home at the top of the tree.
little mix, stormzy, katy perry, bruce mars, ed sheeran and more. who's performing and what's the prize? watch this.
the main structure of the spacecraft was moved this week to undergo tests on its propulsion system. the european space agency satellite is due for launch in 2012 on a soyuz rocket from the new Sinnamary spaceport in french Guiana. its billion-pixel camera system will give scientists an
survey: 60% of women working in silicon valley experience unwanted sexual advances. survey: 87% of 220 women interviewed had witnessed demeaning comments from colleagues. ex-reddit ceo: "this is the story of many women, many people at many companies"
United were planning to bring keylor navas, 28, in opposite direction to real madrid. reports in spain claim united were responsible for the deal collapsing. it remains to be seen whether real will appeal to world governing body fifa. the transfer window remains
if lithium-ion batteries are damaged or short-circuited they make a hell of a bang. the more cells you have bunched together, the bigger the fire, says ras expert. lithium battery fires produce their own oxygen as a by-product of
files found after the attacks on a computer dumped in a rubbish bin. included a final message from one of the airport bombers, Ibrahim el-Bakraoui. 94 people are still in hospital, and dozens of them are in intensive care.
deng zhengjia, in his 50s, died on Wednesday in Chenzhou city, Hunan. he was hit with a weight from a set of scales after a row erupted with chengguan officials. the force are un
middag made her senior international debut at the 2012 world cup in canada. the 23-year-old has scored 15 goals in 94 appearances for ajax since joining in 2012. she is looking forward to playing at the highest level against clubs from france and germany.
van persie says he has torn his eyelid after first-half injury. pictures show blood coming through a bandage on his left eye. the 33-year-old had scored the opening goal in the 3-1 win against Akhisar.
Reuben Reid forced Matt Macey into a save at his near post. the visitors took the lead just before the hour mark when Jack Stacey teed up Jake Taylor to beat macey. neither side were able to find a winner.
all of the tracks are untitled, save for the date they were recorded. it appears to have been prompted by basketball star lebron james. the rapper recently told hip-hop site 2 dope boyz he was sitting on a vault of material.
over 200 sculptures created using 850 truck loads of snow and ice. organisers expect more than two million people to visit the festival, which runs from now until 11 February.
the head of city centre regeneration is set to receive the largest increase of 20%. that will lead to a salary of £75,000. councillor said the rises would be funded "from within existing budgets"
longtime liberal MP Mauril belanger started the initiative with bill C-210. he is sick with ALS and uses a computer with a voice generator because he can no longer speak. some conservatives have voted yes to the bill, but others want more time to debate
unnamed 25-year-old woman testifies against doctor accused of molestation. judge orders him to stand trial on three counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct. he faces up to life in prison if convicted. more than 60 women have accused him of sexual abuse during pelvi
shopkeeper Alice wheeldon was found guilty of a poison plot against dlg in 1917. her family were accused of plotting to murder the prime minister by shooting him with poisoned darts. Mrs Wheeldon, a mother of four, was a conscientious objector
David Thomas, 50, and his son Stephen, 17, from Swindon were among the dead. Jack Slater, 76, who had lived in canada for many years, and Katie Taylor, 29, also died. officials say more of the 27 people on board could have died had it not been for
the world number two is 18 years, four months and 20 days old. the previous record was held by american Morgan pressel in 2007. she shot eight birdies in a final round of 63 to finish on 16 under par.
the 22-year-old moved to the german side on a season-long loan in august. he has made 20 Bundesliga appearances and has agreed a four-year deal. neither club have revealed details of any fee.
Jason Taylor, 21, of westfield, lostock hall denied murder but was found guilty by jury. he was ordered to serve a minimum of 25 years at Preston court. Taylor's girlfriend said he bombarded her with text messages and phone calls.
Raith Rovers and Dundee united draw 0-0 in the scottish championship. former Rovers defender Lewis toshney sent off in the second half. keeper Kevin cuthbert denies andreu from the spot.
net profit at germany's biggest lender fell 98% to €20m (£16.7m) revenues were down 20% to €7.4bn. chief executive John Cryan has embarked on an overhaul.
like-for-like sales at argos fell 1.1% in the eight weeks to 27 february. the electrical and homeware retailer is being targeted by both Sainsbury's and Steinhoff. home retail recently sold its DIY chain homebase to australia's wesfarmers.
armies control the "supply-side" of revolution, writes andrew hammond. both south Korea's army in 1987 and Egypt's this year could have put up stiff resistance, he says. armies that are little more than outgrowths of an autocratic regime
hill was due to be a featured singer on michael jackson's ill-fated this is it tour. she appeared on the us version of the voice - where her shock elimination prompted judge Adam levine to declare: "i hate this country" prince read about her
the gran fondo was in the city for the first time, giving riders the option of taking on a 100 mile (160km) course or a shorter 37 mile (60km) route. the sky ride offered families the chance to cycle a 5 mile (8km) tour of the city
the attack took place at the Chittoor municipal corporation office, where staff tried to stop the attackers. the assailants fled the scene after the attack, although reports say two people later handed themselves into police. a motive for the attack has yet to be established.
PC gareth browning, 33, was on foot in Whitley, reading when he was hit by a black Mazda Aerosport driven by Luke Haywood, 28. PC Browning was critically injured and remains in hospital in a serious condition. Haywood admitted causing grievous bodily
incident took place as a yacht racing event was being held in the area. man was brought ashore but died at the scene. police said no further details would be released until he has been formally identified.
Alice ruggles, 24, was found with her throat cut in her gateshead flat. she had told police she felt "terrified" of trimaan Dhillon days before her death. the court heard how he started an intense relationship over the internet. he denies murder
the Nottingham Pram Company made pushchairs and perambulators from a factory in the city. the family business was founded in the mid-19th Century by Mr Whitby's grandfather. auctioneers said the collection was "a snapshot of a much-loved company"
motorcyclist leighton santos jailed for six months for causing death by careless driving. he was also given 12 months for another motoring offence. road safety charity says there is a "need to see much tougher sentences"
Gloucestershire were bowled out for 260 in their innings against Somerset. overton made 40 and Groenewald hit 34 in unbroken 65-run stand. dent reached three figures off 107 balls before being caught at cover.
figures show more than 4,000 cases where children have taken explicit pictures. it is illegal to possess, take or distribute sexual images of someone under 18. the most common age of those involved in sexting is 13 or 14.
boyd-stevenson, 38, admitted a charge of making a bomb hoax by communicating false information. he texted security threats to a phone linked to the airport on 29 august. the airport remained open but raised its security threat level.
the hosts claimed the last five wickets for 44 runs to bowl out australia for 308. mark wood's unbeaten 32 helped England reach 289 all out to set australia an improbable 412 to win.
the 29-year-old tongan joined the club from the new zealand warriors in 2012. he was ever-present in the 2016 season. "the fans are fantastic and i am excited to be given the chance to stay here," he says.
three devices from Lenovo and acer contain cells with 4,000 milliamp-hour (mAh) capacities. batteries of this size have been more commonly found in tablets rather than smartphones. china-based Lenovo says its new K80 offers up to 33 hours of talk-time.
processed meat includes bacon, sausages, hot dogs, salami, corned beef, beef jerky and ham. red meat is a darker colour than white meat because of higher levels of proteins that bind to oxygen. each 50g of processed meat per day increased the risk of cancer
members of the RMT union will walk out at 11:00 BST on 26 April and at the same time on 10 and 12 may. the union is against plans for a new grade of on-board supervisor and proposals for drivers to operate doors. govia Thameslink said there would be no job losses or
paramilitary group believed to have been formed from an amalgamation of previously disparate dissident republican organisations. group said it killed him "to protect and defend" republican prisoners.
prime minister theresa may unveiled a plan to grant EU migrants new "settled status" that would allow them to stay in the country and access health, education and other benefits. the plan would affect 3.2 million EU citizens now living in the UK. it is among the thorn
the 23-year-old bogeyed the 18th hole to finish on 17 under. but she birdied the par-four 18th in the play-off to seal the title. it was her second title this season and her fifth overall.
rose morelli, 17, said it was "hugely distressing" to see the photo of Alex Elliot on the leaflet by the right-wing fratelli d'Italia. she took the photo as part of an art project after being moved by the case of us teenager
Shauna coxsey finishes second in the world bouldering championships in china. the 24-year-old from runcorn became Britain's first bouldering world champion in 2016. she won gold in the season-opener in switzerland earlier in the month. co
the dairies operation, which processes and distributes milk, is being sold to Mueller. it comes as profits at the UK's largest dairy food company fell 95% to £900,000 in the six months to September. there are about 14,000 dairy farmers in the UK, producing
physical stores saw sales drop at their fastest pace for over five years in may. overall spending was 08% lower than in 2016, the first fall since September 2013. the latest official figures showed wage growth behind inflation for the first time since mid-2014.
Bob Walker was stuck in a train door when he tried to get off the train. he said he suffered a loss of dignity and did not want others to suffer. disability charity Scope said families were facing significant barriers.
the Coronation fountain in welwyn garden city had to be turned off due to the hosepipe ban. but the council is now paying £450 to fill it up again, so that the town looks its best for key 2012 events. the fountain was built to celebrate the queen's acces
#BritinSpace, #Principia and #TimPeake are all trending on twitter ahead of the historic launch. former army helicopter pilot and two fellow crew members will launch from Baikonur Cosmodrome.
the 27-year-old man was discovered at a property in brothertoft road, Boston. three men arrested on Saturday in larkspur croft, where a firearm was recovered. police say the shooting may have been planned.
Alonso becomes only man to win three times so far this season. he drove a controlled race and stayed just far enough ahead of his pursuers. the result extends his championship lead to 34 points ahead of red bull's mark webber.
more than 50cm (20in) of rain fell over a 12-hour period on parts of the south-western island of Kyushu on Wednesday. rescuers are working through thick mud to try to reach stranded survivors. the worst-hit areas are in fukuoka
research shows 88% of us tablet owners use them while watching tv at least once a month. broadcasters are looking for ways to harness this trend to keep viewers engaged. the rise of the second screen, or companion device, is the topic of the moment.
defender waddington and goalkeeper Davies were two of 11 players signed on one day by manager Lee Clark. both made two appearances for the Scottish Premiership club. the pair have agreed the termination of their loan period at rugby park.
seal wardens on the national trust reserve at Blakeney point have recorded 180 more grey seal pups compared to this time last year. rangers say the location is a "fantastic" breeding site as "human disturbance is minimal" up to 1,800 pups could be born by the
government records show that gibbons were once widespread across half of china. the apes began to disappear from the documents about 150 years ago, corresponding with population growth. researchers said a better understanding of the animals' decline would help establish a conservation plan.
proposed amendment by the SNP and Plaid Cymru which would have prevented the increase was defeated by a majority of 295. a labour-backed amendment calling for the move to be delayed pending an assessment of its impact on vulnerable groups was also defeated. MPs approved the VAT rise
party's economy spokesman warns steel's troubles are a "canary in the mine" he warns of deeper problems across a range of industries, including basic metals, chemicals and wood. Welsh government calls on Westminster to address impact of high energy prices on industry.
the council plans to build at least 830 new homes in the ancoats area of the city. it will need to raise £1bn in the next 10 years and may need further investors. the homes will be rented out privately once built.
Liverpool are miles away from mounting another title challenge, says football pundit. steven gerrard faces a physical and mental battle to secure a long-term future with the club. the reds are not starting games with the same intensity they did last season.
the world number one wins her first national title since 2012. she beats waters 11-2 11-5 11-4 in just 24 minutes at the national squash centre. in the men's event, world number three Nick Matthew wins his eighth British title.
sally kohn: Jeremy corbyn's staggering comments about Hitler and anti-semitism crossed a line. no one believes that Jeremy Corbyn himself tolerates discrimination against Jews. but on repeated occasions labour has been slow in closing down cases of discrimin
Frozen 2 will reunite the team behind the original feature, including director Chris Buck, writer Jennifer Lee and producer Peter devecho. shares in parent company Walt Disney were up by almost 4% following the news.
wembley staged the event for the first time in 2015 and is set to continue doing so for the foreseeable future. the 32,912 that saw Arsenal Ladies beat Chelsea 1-0 in the 2016 final is now set to surpass that. Birmingham are in their second final, while Manchester city are
the council says it will soon adopt a new sanctions resolution in response. the launch comes weeks after north korea held a fourth nuclear test. critics believe the real purpose was to test a ballistic missile.
Liam Gray scores twice as burnley beat bolton 2-1 at the Macron stadium. former Brentford man grabs his 20th goal of the season in the 85th minute. the defeat leaves the clarets seven points adrift of safety with 12 games to play.
Lancashire batted throughout all three sessions to reach 311-8 at the close of play. batsman livingstone put on 72 for the sixth wicket with wicketkeeper alex Davies. the 22-year-old has so far put on 62 for the ninth wicket with Zimbabwean Kyle Jarvis
Laura muir wins the one-mile event nine days after winning the diamond league title. the 23-year-old says she is "over the moon with the season" mo farah presented to crowd at Great north city games in Newcastle.
Dorothy cruickshank was one of six people taken to hospital after the crash. the 66-year-old was a passenger in a Volkswagen Passat which collided with a Peugeot 207. her family said: "we'll be lost without her"
dog poo contains high levels of bacteria - if it gets into water it can be very bad for bathers' health. survey shows overall increase of 11% in dog mess on UK beaches. overall litter levels were down this year.
the 35-year-old centre-half will be banned for two games by the fa. it was his second dismissal of the season and he is out of contract at the end of the campaign. he will miss Chelsea's final two premier league fixtures against liverpool and Leicester
final four of gang convicted of conspiracy to burgle found guilty. gang involved in thefts at museums in Cambridge, Durham, Norwich and lewes. exhibits were valued at about £17m but could have fetched up to $79m.
campaigning for the October general election began on sunday in Tanzania. in Uganda, president Museveni is getting ready to battle it out with the opposition. here in Kenya, elections are still two years away, but it already feels like campaign season has begun.
the IMF was conceived in 1944 at a conference in the us state of new hampshire. it aims to preserve economic stability and to tackle financial crises. the world bank's predecessor was set up to drive post-war recovery.
Michael cullen completed the 11-day challenge ahead of his team's FA cup semi-final. he has raised more than £53,000 for the Woodlands hospice in Liverpool. the 50-year-old previously raised £30,000 after swimming the english channel.
sherwood says his players "need to learn how to be winners" after defeat by arsenal. the 46-year-old admits his side "came up short" against the gunners. captain delph says it's important to find a "winning mentality"
Glasgow beat Edinburgh 43-41 on aggregate to win the 1872 cup for the first time in three years. Townsend will name his first squad for the forthcoming european champions cup quarter-finals. he will take over the national job for the southern hemisphere tour on monday
at its peak before world war 1, the Fairfield shipyard was part of a local industry which directly employed 70,000 workers in 19 yards. by 1967 the receivers were called in and it looked as if the end had come for the yards of the Clyde. the unions occupied the
ex-boyfriend ordered attack on woman, leaving her with "life-changing" permanent scarring. Jason Harrison, 39, from lowestoft, admits the attack and said Mr Riley promised to reduce a drugs debt. he claims a "jealous" Mr Riley recruited him
harry kane scores both goals as spurs beat arsenal 2-1 at white hart lane. arsene wenger says he should be selected for the england squad. former english international michael owen also scores for the visitors.
top seed fought back from 5-3 behind to win in straight sets. the 27-year-old only hit 14 winners to his opponent's 25, but made 17 unforced errors compared to Pospisil's 26. he now faces eighth seed Gilles Simon of france in
Etch A Sketch is a mechanical toy that creates erasable drawings by twisting dials. picked by the Ohio art company at a toy fair in 1959, it went on to sell more than 100 million copies. the toy has been named by the american toy industry
the green investment bank has invested about £2bn of public money in about 50 projects. business secretary says he will start "exploring options" to bring in private investors. critics call the sale "reckless" and question the government's commitment to a low-carbon economy.
first of six solarboxes unveiled on Tottenham court road this week. boxes fitted with roof-mounted 86cm solar panel. users shown adverts as they wait for their phone to charge.
Samsung has shut down its assembly lines following a spate of fires. a compensation scheme is being put in place. users will be offered a choice of getting all their money back or swapping the phone.
Chris Denning, 75, admitted the abuse of 11 boys as young as eight. he denied three other offences and will be sentenced on 6 October. Denning was part of the original line-up that launched radio 1 in 1967.
the latest picture was taken by the rover at "buckskin", which is the seventh rock target on its mission. curiosity does this planetary photography in the same way we would take a selfie. the robot has now been on mars for three Earth years.
independent review finds Owen Roberts died of hospital-induced pneumonia. nine of her allegations were entirely upheld and one partially. independent review is now taking place to examine the findings.
two 19-year-old men have been arrested on suspicion of murder. the teenager was taken to southmead hospital with knife wounds, but died.
ministers are consulting on plans for more regulation of places teaching for more than 6 to 8 hours a week. 18 unregulated schools, mainly in Muslim communities in the Midlands, have been visited as part of an investigation in recent months. three places in Birmingham have been closed and the owners are being
councillors vote on £140m plan to transform historic Union Terrace Gardens. referendum earlier this year had 45,301 votes in favour with 41,175 votes against. new proposals from independent alliance group backed by 22, with 20 against and one abstention.
Lt Cdr Malcolm Wanklyn was the most successful submarine commander of world war two. he was born in india in 1911 and spent part of his childhood at Knockinaam lodge in portpatrick. his father was a successful businessman and engineer who served in the army
the judge rejects the request by prosecutors to drop the charges against the striker. prosecutors allege that messi's father Jorge avoided paying tax on his son's earnings. the pair made a voluntary €5m "corrective payment" in august 2013.
holders hibernian or hearts will host the winners of another replay, between Clyde and Ayr united. Celtic will entertain Championship side St Mirren and partick thistle travel to Aberdeen in the two clear-cut ties. Rangers host the winner of the replay between Hamilton Academic
CCG in merseyside could suspend all non-essential hospital referrals for four months. the move "won't be popular" but is facing a funding gap of £12.5m this year. it is also suggesting a two-year suspension of IVF
Gen petraeus resigned as CIA director in 2012 following an extramarital affair. he was the commander of us and Nato forces in Afghanistan, before retiring from the military. media outlets have linked the retired general with positions in the new administration.
Taiwan is leading a quiet, yet powerful movement that has turned traditional Buddhism on its head. focus now on what the Taiwanese call "humanistic Buddhism" - caring for others.
the garden at the Noah's Ark children's hospital for wales has seating areas, a maze and play equipment. a therapy zone includes sloping floors and artificial grass so children can receive physiotherapy in the fresh air. the garden had £1.6m in
one in five of those who breastfeed do so for less than a month. PHW says breastfeeding does not come easily to all mothers. campaigners say some mothers are "shamed" into breastfeeding even when babies are going hungry.
cash, camouflage gear and medical supplies were found in her luggage at Sydney airport in may last year. court documents reportedly detail text messages between the couple in which Ms Elomar begs her husband to return home for medical treatment after being shot.
finance ministers have endorsed the move, which is to be completed by the end of the summer. the leak of millions of files from Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca revealed how the rich and powerful use tax havens to hide their wealth.
the paperwork for the player who joined Celtic from Ashdod in 2012 was completed in time. but their english counterparts have different rules regarding work permits. the 28-year-old does not automatically meet the FA's criteria because Nigeria are ranked 50th in the world.
walkers with dogs 'attacked' the birds with sticks and stones last weekend. terns abandon their nests when the pressure from people or predators gets too great. the birds, which mate for life, lay one or two eggs in a small space.
the Dow Jones was up 16.5 points to 18,533, the S&P 500 gained 5.15 points to 2,166.8, while the Nasdaq rose 26.1 to 5055.7 points. bank of america shares rose 3.3% despite a 19% drop in quarterly profits, which still beat
one MP voiced scepticism about the timing, arguing it made the issue "essentially cash for honours". BHS, sold by Sir Philip last year, subsequently collapsed with 11,000 jobs lost and a £571m pension deficit. a debate in the House of Commons on Thursday
scottish second row Leone nakawara is leaving Glasgow warriors. the 28-year-old had another year left on his contract with the club. prop Jerry Yanuyanutawa and flanker Tyrone Holmes are also leaving. hooker Kevin Bryce will
Patel took 102 wickets in all formats for the bears in 2016. the 36-year-old also took four five-wicket hauls in the championship. he also took 22 wickets on the way to helping his side win the one-day cup.
statistics show there has been an overall increase of 53% in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 years. one woman who is living with the disease is calling for greater awareness of inflammatory breast cancer. ninety-three percent of those cases were not malignant - but
ex-field marshal, three generals and six admirals write to defence secretary. they say loss of Ark royal and its fleet of Harrier jets has damaged Britain's defence capabilities. letter raises questions about what military rescue operation forces could mount in future.
a special ship will drill more than 5000 metres down through the ocean floor to reach the super hot rocks of the planet's crust.
in one test, nearly half the subjects gave themselves mild electric shocks during 15 minutes of quiet time. the contentious paper in the journal science argues we are not very good at enjoyable, recreational thought. other researchers have said the findings are overstated.
girl was attacked in the Jenkins Dale area of chatham on 4 April. the dog was shot by firearms officers. a man and a teenager have been re-arrested.
pedestrian killed when he was hit by a car on the a22 caterham bypass. police say a man in his 20s was stabbed at an address on Croydon road. the stab victim is being treated in hospital.
spiders use silk draglines to stabilise their bodies and to brake as they land. discovery could provide "biological inspiration" for manoeuvrable robots.
back-row forwards Horstmann, 35, and salvi, 31, have agreed one-year deals. lock atkins, 26, has extended his contract by two years. six team-mates, including dollman, campagnano and woodburn, signed new deals last week
leyton orient manager roy hodgson says there is a slight change in structure. becchetti took control of former owner Barry hearn's 90% stake in the club earlier this month. former england captain slade took Orient to the play-
west Ham's Dimitri payet scored a wonder goal in their 2-0 win at arsenal. andre ayew made his premier league debut for aston villa at Bournemouth. aleksander mitrovic was booked after just a minute on the pitch
former Irish prime minister bertie ahern says he believes arlene foster and Martin McGuinness never gelled in their joint ministerial role. the destruction of eight biomass boilers and 14 tonnes of woodchip in a fire at a county Fermanagh construction firm makes the front
e-commerce sales now account for 77.7% of all UK deliveries. 11.5 million people have downloaded the app in total. the chain opened a record 61 new stores in the UK in 2015.
the 26-year-old has been without a club since leaving blackpool last season. he started his career with aston villa before joining hibernian in 2011.
security forces killed two gunmen and were searching the surrounding area for accomplices. two Tunisians, one a police officer, were also killed, pm habib essid said. at the time of the attack, deputies in the neighbouring parliamentary building were discussing anti-
Murphy said the party had been "stretched to the limits" by their former partners in government, the DUP.
u.s. president meets africa's oldest president at a summit in kenya. president obama is the first black president to meet the 91-year-old AU chairman. he mocked those who "refuse to step aside when their
Dungannon rider suffered chest and pelvic injuries in the crash on 12 may. he was taken to the causeway hospital in Coleraine with shoulder injuries. english rider malachi Mitchell-thomas was killed in a crash at the same part of the course on Saturday, 14
long evenings and the summer holidays "spell danger" for young people. almost 170 young people have died in the UK after trespassing in the past 10 years. of those who died, 72% were hit by a train, 17% were electrocuted and others fell from
woods, 41, is recovering from a fourth back operation since April 2014. the american was breathalysed in florida in may after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. he denied alcohol was involved and said it was down to "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medication"
the 48-hour ceasefire will start at 01:00 on Thursday (22:01 GMT Wednesday) the ceasefire does not include so-called Islamic state nor the al-Qaeda-affiliated nusra front. the fighting in aleppo early this week has been the most intense there for
the draw for the Europa League last 32 takes place at 11:00 GMT in Nyon, switzerland. real madrid, bayern munich and barcelona are all still in the competition. manchester city and arsenal will be in pot one after winning their group. evert
Kieran Ridley, 32, poured petrol onto a nearby bin and lit it, court told. he then left the property at Mallaig, Lochaber, having locked the front and back doors and some windows. his lawyers argue he was not criminally responsible due
a row has exposed deep divisions within his ruling socialist party (PS) many of whose members believe the president has veered dangerously to the right in his reaction to the Paris atrocities. the problem arose from a promise by president Hollande to strip of their french national
a 5% tax on sanitary products has caused controversy. 320,000 people have signed a petition to abolish it. the pledge may be funded by a tax on airship sales and aircraft repairs.
police were called to reports of an explosion at the village pharmacy building. witnesses reported seeing men trying to remove the cash machine. it is believed they left the scene in an Audi car. no-one was injured during the robbery.
the competition and markets authority had ordered all insurance companies to split out the extra charges for the additional protection. the Co-op was the only firm which missed a deadline to do so, in august last year. around 120,000 customers received quotations that were unclear.
judge ruled in December that prosecutors could appeal against the acquittal. pistorius was sentenced to five years in prison for lesser charge of culpable homicide. double amputee athlete shot dead his girlfriend in february 2013.
Sergei lavrov said the US had broken its promise to separate the opposition from al-Nusra. he was speaking on the first anniversary of the beginning of the Russian air campaign in Syria. "they still... are not able or not willing to do this," he said
Slide on cancer is a fundraiser for cancer research uk. participants launch themselves onto the slide at the top of shipquay street.
under the dome explains social and health costs of pollution, and was watched by more than 100 million people online. it was removed just two days after premier Li Keqiang called pollution a blight on people's lives. newly appointed environmental protection minister had praised the documentary.
four masked men forced their way into the house in Dunraven avenue. two remained with the man while the other two searched the house. gang left a short time later without taking anything from the property.
Dagenham and redbridge drew 1-1 with Bromley at the britannia stadium. Brandon Hanlan gave the visitors a seventh-minute lead with a low shot home. dagenham equalised with their first attempt on target, Fejiri Ok
first study to set out the scale of the sexual exploitation of children and young people. report also identifies 16,500 children who were at "high risk" of exploitation in 2010-11. it comes in the wake of the jailing in may of nine Asian men for grooming white girls.
Mr Murray will step down later this month after four years in the role. the announcement comes two weeks after Edrington reported a sharp rise in annual revenues and profit.
the pound jumped by 0.85%, or more than one euro cent, to â1.4072. the FTSE 100 was 16.93 points higher at 6,842.60, adding to sharp gains. shares in business supplies distributor Bunzl dropped 1.6%.
the 30-minute recording was released to journalists by Taliban spokesman Zabiullah mujahid. it is the first public message from the Afghan Taliban's new leader, Mullah mansour. in the speech, he repeatedly calls for unity and is primarily aimed at
Tongue produced a spell of 5-3 in 19 balls as six Glamorgan wickets fell in the last 13 overs of day one. Worcestershire's Ben cox scored 93 off 99 balls before being caught by salter. daryl Mitchell went for a third-ball duck as
Brian Wright, 55, admitted he had struck Sylvia Blackburn but denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving. the married mother-of-three was a lollipop lady for 20 years. she was escorting a woman and her six-year-old daughter
the 33-year-old has been undergoing medical evaluations since last month. the former england captain returned to training with his club on wednesday.
34-year-old Paul Gallihawk disappeared during a 750m open water swim on saturday. he failed to collect his bike at leybourne lakes in Kent for the cycling stage. since his disappearance was announced, donations on the page have risen to £12,500
barcelona insist they have not committed any offence. the club paid £48.6m for striker Neymar in the summer. his parents received £34m of the fee.
global investment in clean energy technologies hit a record $263bn, up 6.5% from 2010 levels. US invested more than $48bn (£30bn) in sector, up from $34bn in 2010. china slipped to second place, with investment only increasing by $
the county council said an alternative option had been found using land owned by the town and district councils. the 18th century road bridge is expected to take up to 12-months to repair at a cost of £3m. government offered an additional £300,000 towards the cost of a temporary foot
Scarborough athletic FC played in its home town for the first time since 2007. the team formed after the collapse of scarborough FC with debts of £2.5m. chairman Trevor bull said it was a "massive day for our town"
Evaldas vaicekauskas was arrested after border force officers intercepted a package. the 23-year-old had bought the stun guns on ebay for £12 each. he admitted being concerned in the importation of prohibited goods.
airline had suffered years of financial losses even before it was hit by two major disasters. Mr Mueller said he was leaving due to "changing personal circumstance" he took up his role in May 2015 to oversee a $1.56bn (£1.1bn) turnaround plan.
the man, in his 30s, was found just after 05:00 on Wednesday in livingston. he had sustained a "significant" head injury and was taken by ambulance. police said the man remains in a stable condition.
Hughie Maughan appeared on RTÉ's dancing with the stars at the weekend. he laughed off the comments, claiming he had "thick elephant skin" his boyfriend Ryan Ruckledge was among those who contributed to the comments.
a CNN investigation has found no evidence backing up Ben Carson's childhood claims. the neurosurgeon claims he tried to stab a relative when he was a teenager. he says the names he cited in his book were changed to protect friends and relatives.
Adamu is alleged to have breached Fifa's code of ethics but no further details were provided. the 62-year-old also said he had not been contacted by the Ethics Committee about the case. Adamu was a member of the executive committee for four years
didi akinyelure investigates why african art has become big business.
gravitational lensing experiments have mapped dark matter on a range of scales. dark energy survey has made the largest of these maps. it shows galaxies tend to exist in environments where dark matter density is high.
tweeters use #NoToSocialMediaBill to campaign against the proposal. it proposes up to a seven-year sentence or $25,000 (£16,000) fine for anyone found to be sending "abusive messages" human rights watch condemns the move as an attempt to muzzle free
the FA has been criticised by one of its board members for its handling of the case. a member of public made a complaint about Mourinho's language towards carneiro. the 42-year-old had her role downgraded before deciding to leave the club.
military officials offer 50m naira ($317,000; £197,709) for help in tracking down the group's suspected leader abubakar shekau. the group has been waging an insurgency since 2009 to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria
he particularly likes visiting the Wilko store, sleeping on rugs and saying hello to customers. he does have a loving home that he returns to every evening.
at least four of the 150 people on board the dinghy fell into the water and drowned. the motive for the attack was not clear. a spokesman for Libya's naval forces in tripoli said he had not heard about the incident.
sergeant Peter Rayner, 34, from Bradford, west Yorkshire, was killed on friday. the soldier was carrying out a patrol in the Nahr-e Saraj area of Helmand province. wife Wendy led tributes to the "fantastic" and "loving" husband and
the figures cover the campaign period from 23 January to polling day. the six highest-spending parties spent a total of £9,347,087 on campaigning. all but labour spent more than they did during the 2009 european election campaign.
ex-salford forward replaces sacked james coyle as general manager. forster joined the club in july after 22 games on dual registration at Haven. he won the academy grand final at saints, but was limited to five senior appearances.
a car bomb explodes outside the Hotel Maka in central Mogadishu. the hotel is on one of the capital's main roads, which the authorities say is usually safe. one report stated that a senior Somali diplomat was among the dead.
Trump's budget blueprint reportedly includes a 37% spending cut for the state department. republican senator Lindsey Graham said his plan is "dead on arrival" "if you take soft power off the table then you're never going to win the war," he said.
IT professional debasish ghosh has been taking pictures of the lake for months now. the 9,000-acre lake in india's technology capital has been polluted by chemicals and sewage.
73-year-old man who died from a stab wound at a property in Ogmore Vale has been named as Gwilym Jones. south Wales police said the pensioner died some time between Sunday and Monday. a 49- year-old local man has been arrested
Symbols of every event feature on the design, while the London skyline is included with tower bridge, the London eye, the Shard and big Ben. medals at the world para athletics championships in july will be similar, but feature distinctive disability sport equipment such as a prosthetic
legal highs became popular on the drug scene around 2008. they mimic the effects of illegal drugs such as cocaine, cannabis and ecstasy. laws criminalising the production, distribution, sale and supply of the drugs came into effect at the end of May.
this year's competition covers all things astronomical, from the aurora borealis to noctilucent clouds. a selection of the shortlisted images have been published in the astronomy magazine.
stocks of the likes of apple, Microsoft, amazon ebay and Zynga were all listed at $123.47. but with markets closed for the 4 July holiday, there'll be no impact on trading.
Neil trotter, 54, admitted taking pictures of women at Edinburgh's Waverley Station and Glasgow's Buchanan Galleries between June and September 2014. a sheriff told the court that "women should be able to walk without fear" in public places. Tro
around 150 countries are meeting in Kigali to try and agree a speedy ban on hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) gases. HFCs were introduced to limit damage to the ozone layer, but cause much greater levels of global warming than CO2. nations are divided over the
EE said it planned to deploy such a network in a UK rural area this year. the drones can stay airborne for up to an hour at a time and the "helikite" balloons for several weeks. facebook's project aquila involves building solar-powered
Wales hope for their first back-to-back wins over England at Twickenham since 1978. warburton admits the match against france was so boring he expected a Mexican wave. the british and Irish lions have won their opening two six nations games.
Suliman Gani has said claims he backs IS are defamatory and must be retracted. he questioned Sadiq Khan's judgement in sharing a platform with him. at pmqs in April, he said Mr Gani "supports an"
the development involves installing turbines between ose and struan at allt dughaill on skye. it could generate enough power for 23,000 properties. members of the north planning committee approved the planning application.
the repeal bill is also facing opposition from labour and other parties in the commons. ministers are "optimistic" about getting it through and have promised an "intense dialogue" with the devolved administrations. no 10 said it had to be passed or "there will be no
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick made the admission at a private event in Vancouver. he described china as the firm's largest international marketplace. didi kuaidi is backed by Chinese tech giants Tencent and Alibaba.
LL camps in bushey, hertfordshire, was closed by ofsted last week. director Ben Lewis has been charged with possessing indecent images of children. parents vented their anger on the firm's facebook page at the lack of information. co-founder Tal lands
canelo alvarez says he will fight at 160lb, no problem. undefeated golovkin holds the WBA and IBF belts. promoter Oscar de la hoya hopes to open talks with golovkins the next day.
Mr McKnight, aged in his 50s, was from hillsborough, county down. he was alone in a two-seater aircraft when it crashed just off the runway.
Tom finney is considered one of the greatest players ever to play for england. he played in three world cups between 1950 and 1958, and is joint sixth on all-time scoring list. former defender Tommy Docherty said: "he was the best player I've ever
Verheydt has signed a three-year contract with maastricht. the 25-year-old scored 13 goals in 43 appearances last season. watford winger Dennon Lewis has joined the reds on a loan deal.
Rizwan Akhtar promoted from major-general to lieutenant-general. he is considered an ally of army chief Gen Raheel Sharif. outgoing ISI chief seen to have been at odds with prime minister.
Gino asquith was born on 9 November 2014, but died three days later. his mother, Sarah Ellis, had been sent home from the hospital two days earlier. inquest heard there had been four missed chances to provide medical input.
the Banking Standards Commission wants the government to "electrify" the fence so banks won't try to "game" the rules. ring-fencing would ensure that retail services of a struggling lender can be carried on independently and smoothly even if the rest of the group fails.
man fatally injured outside property on Daniel Hill Terrace, Upperthorpe. police say he was either in, or close to, a black Mercedes car he had been driving. the victim was taken to northern general hospital but died from his injuries.
the 60-year-old man was scuba diving when he was seen to be in trouble, tour operator says. the certified diver was helped to the surface but could not be revived. it comes after two french tourists died while snorkelling on the reef on Wednesday.
scientists found a single dose of the protein Hi1a worked on lab rats. they said it showed "great promise as a future stroke treatment" the protein blocked acid-sensing ion channels in the brain.
the fire and rescue service would get a £44m purpose-built complex at Desertcreat, near Cookstown in County Tyrone. police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) would also be allocated about £20m to refurbish its existing training facilities at Garnerville police station. the Northern
mountain rescue team called to Yr Elen, in the carneddau range. the man had rib and back injuries and was flown to hospital.
blind cricket is a popular national sport in the west indies. it uses a hollow plastic ball filled with iron beads that rattle as the ball moves. the regional blind cricket championship takes place in Trinidad this week.
rugby league legend Andy Johnson and his wife set up a charity to find a cure for their son. the seven-year-old has duchenne's muscular dystrophy - a terminal muscle-wasting disease. "a breakthrough is imminent," says Andy, who retired from rugby league
Wanda Campbell, 43, of Auchenmalg near Newton Stewart, was jailed for three years earlier this month. she was also ordered to pay compensation of £110,000 at dumfries sheriff court. her appeal against that sentence and the conviction will be heard at the appeal court in Edinburgh
speedo says it cannot condone behaviour that is counter to its values. Ralph Lauren removes some of lochte's images from its website. skin care firm syneron-candela says it expects the same from its partners. it comes after lochte lied about being
Lancashire's loss to warwickshire meant Hampshire needed to win to survive. they declared on 245-9 to leave Durham 296 from a minimum of 78 overs for victory. mark stoneman (137) and Scott borthwick (88) excelled in their last innings
Boro were the busiest premier league club in July, making eight new signings. the teessiders drew with promotion rivals Brighton on the final day of last season to earn promotion on goal difference. middlesbrough will begin their premier league campaign at
City Quays 3 has a proposed cost of £46m and will be 16-storeys tall. it will provide Grade A space for 3,000 staff. the harbour said it will support 600 jobs during its construction phase.
Claire was paralysed from the chest down after a fall from a horse. she was told she would spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair. for the past three months she has been training intensively for the marathon.
jail officials failed to address a "dramatic increase" in suicides over the past two years. the sheriff's office said it was "disappointed" the report "fails to fully recognise" improvements made. it said "serious systemic deficiencies" and "dep
the fruit is still attached to the plant and is not yet ripe enough to eat. south yorkshire's climate is ideal for growing tomatoes.
rafael nadal is disqualified for kicking out at an advertising panel. the sign also broke and cut the leg of a line judge. after the match at queen's club, the match was awarded to his opponent.
team sky's road captain broke a rib in a crash on the opening stage of the tour de france. the 27-year-old rode on to help team leader chris froome claim his third successive title. rowe ended the race four hours, 35
ancient berry is from the same family of plants as potatoes, tomatoes and peppers. it was found in the patagonia area of argentina and researchers are hoping to find lots more plant fossils there.
Accies face Rangers at Ibrox in the scottish premiership on tuesday night. new manager caixinha takes over after Graeme murty's last game as caretaker boss. accies drew 1-1
Steven Finn is being recalled over Jake ball after a calf injury to all-rounder Ben Stokes. the 27-year-old played in the first Test at Lord's but was dropped for the second. captain alastair cook says Finn hasn't had the best summer
the wedge-shaped IXV flew east around the globe, before coming down in the water west of the Galapagos Islands at about 15:20 GMT. the test data could also inform future mars landing technologies. a parachute system deployed in the late stages of the flight and put
the planned opening of the primary and secondary schools, in the Castel, has already been delayed by a year and is now scheduled for september 2018. chief minister Jonathan le tocq said putting the decision back by one month would not cause further delays. he said the time would be used to
the "lagarde list" of HSBC bank account holders caused outrage in Greece. the list was given to Athens in 2010 by then french finance minister Christine Lagarde. papaconstantinou, who was finance minister at the time, denied any wrongdoing.
a matron later purchased the item for £22.95 from homebase instead. a hospital spokesperson said the quote was reviewed and "firmly rejected" the blind "must have been gold plated" to warrant such a price.
the 37-year-old had been a leading campaigner against president Putin's united Russia party. navalny has previously said he would like to stand for president one day. he tweeted: "don't sit around doing nothing"
a woman in her 70s was attacked in her house in purley on 11 may. the 46-year-old told police he had "messed up" when arrested. he was convicted at Croydon crown court of rape and sexual assault.
infertility network says it is a "no-brainer" there should be three treatments. new criteria was introduced in 2013 following recommendations of working group. changes were designed to standardise fertility treatment across scotland.
nine in 10 hospitals are increasing bed numbers - but they have problems seeing patients quickly enough and discharging them. the RCEM weekly report covers more than 40 hospital trusts - one in five of the total. it suggested just over 86% of patients were seen and dealt with in four hours
a new tram stop at exchange square for metrolink's second city crossing is due to open before christmas. the crossing would mean extra capacity for trams and will link St Peter's square with Victoria station. it is expected to be completed by 2017.
mylan expected to start selling a cheaper generic product "in several weeks" the cost of EpiPens in the US has risen by 500% in less than a decade. the branded version costs $600 for two doses.
promoter Eddie hearn says Kell Brook will have an operation in Sheffield on monday. the 30-year-old suffered blurred vision in the second round against unbeaten middleweight champion. it was the first defeat in Brook's 37th professional fight.
council says it is "pulling out the stops" to ensure fundraiser goes ahead as planned. former organiser the British heart foundation announced it was pulling out. save the children charity has also announced it could "take up the baton"
the 26-year-old was linked with a move to the north london side in the summer. but manager Alan pardew says no bids were made for the england international. the former Bristol city man has scored just seven league goals for palace since 2012.
environment secretary says some access will be granted to vessels from other countries. he was speaking during a fact-finding mission to Denmark, which was largely focused on the Danish food industry. the Danish fishing industry is currently highly-dependent on fish caught in UK territorial waters.
avalanche hit a military post on the northern side of the glacier. soldiers were on duty at an army post at an altitude of 5,900m (19,350ft) more soldiers have died from harsh weather on glacier than in combat.
slowdown from 0.7% rate in second quarter, but still marked 11th consecutive quarter of growth. widening trade gap blamed for slowdown, with trade having record negative effect on GDP. construction output also a drag on growth, with the sector contracting by 2.2%.
the match was called off at 12:35 GMT. part of the pitch was still frozen. the latics are 22nd in the table and in the relegation places.
three men arrested on suspicion of causing an explosion with intent to endanger life. villagers described the attack on the building as "shocking", "insane" owners hope to reopen "as soon as possible" after assessing the damage.
the 27-year-old woman was attacked while walking along a path in Elderslie. the suspect was white, aged between 35 and 50, and with dark receding hair. police say three men may have seen the suspect or "unwittingly" witnessed something.
head teachers in england can only grant absence during school time in "exceptional circumstances" chief constable Justine curran has asked head teachers to "fully consider" holiday requests. she said over the summer officers would be helping to police the Commonwealth Games.
the site is 750m from where he was last seen. police believe a digger driver may have run him over on the day he disappeared. the search at the second site is of "great significance" and would take four days.
labour leader says election is a clash of two visions, not two nations. he has been attacked by the tories over potential alliances with the scottish nationalists. former first minister says he may have little choice but to negotiate with the SNP.
american football can be played at adult,university and junior levels. there is no formal competition structure in the UK for adapted american football. clubs are always on the lookout for new members.
mark Jones fractured amelia Jones's skull when he was supposed to be looking after her. the 45-year-old had denied murder but was convicted and jailed for life. he also admitted perverting the course of justice which will be served concurrently.
Taunton Town were playing their ninth game in this season's fa cup. centre-half Ed Palmer drew them level with a superb free-kick in the 73rd minute. winger Jordan Williams opened the scoring for the hosts in the 48th minute
Ingram will play limited-overs cricket for glamorgan in 2018 and 2019. the 32-year-old left-hander has previously played in the ipl for Delhi daredevils. he will give up championship cricket but will play in the big bash competition
the PCS union said it would "strongly oppose" transferring work or jobs from Newport. the ONS said it was not "helpful" to speculate on the report's findings.
many Yazidis languish in refugee camps, contemplating another winter under canvas. others have given up on the idea of returning home, and have sought asylum in europe, north america. the experience of two years ago has apparently left them with a deeply ingrained sense of
Steve Smith hits 162 not out as australia reach 517-7 in first test in Adelaide. captain Clarke, 33, helped carry his team-mate's coffin at his funeral on 3 december. the Test was delayed after Hughes, 25, died after being struck by a ball while playing
people with mobility needs have been asked to call in advance if they require help accessing platform one. a footbridge has been the only general way to get to the platform since last summer when its main entrance was closed. great western railway said funding was in place for improving the access.
hackers carried out a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack against ukrposhta's website. the attack began on Monday morning, but ended shortly after 21:00 local time (1900 BST) the company reported on facebook that the attack continued again on Tuesday.
born in 1925, the Rada-trained actor performed with the RSC and starred in the first production of Equus in 1973. the national theatre also marked his passing on twitter, calling him "one of the most highly-regarded actors of his generation"
Francesco Totti is 47 goals away from becoming Serie a's all-time leading goalscorer. ex-lazio, torino and juve striker Silvio Piola leads the way with 274 strikes. the 37-year-old has played over 500
South africa reached their target of 319 with 22 balls to spare at centurion. de Kock hit four sixes in a brilliant 135 and amla made 127. jos buttler and jos buttler shared stands of 125 and 82.
only 11% of chamber's members in northern ireland support a British exit (Brexit) that compares to 30% of those surveyed in the rest of the UK. results come on the eve of crunch Brussels talks, which are expected to result in a deal
route 26 bus to hackney wick caught fire outside Liverpool street station. local resident who filmed the fire and explosion said people were left "aghast" no one was on board and the driver had left the bus. the cause of the fire is not yet known.
a 250g pot of marmite costs £2.64 at Morrisons, £2.50 at sainsbury's and £2.35 at both waitrose and tesco. it is the first supermarket to raise the price of Marmite since the recent dispute between Tesco and manufacturer
new £30m building replaces 1970s concrete tower block. will bring departments of design together under one roof. designed by american architect Steven Holl.
speaking in an emergency debate at the european parliament in the wake of last week's EU referendum. the UK voted by 52% to 48% to leave the union after 43 years of membership. he used his speech to urge the EU to respect the will of Scotland after its electors voted
the 37-year-old is the fifth highest Test run-scorer in history. he ends his 134-Test career with 12,400 runs at an average of 57.40. the left-hander also played 404 one-day internationals and 56 Twenty20 internationals
forecasters indicate that it will be dry and bright for most of Scotland by Wednesday afternoon. falling trees have caused some problems on roads and railways. a train travelling south from Aberdeen to Edinburgh suffered minor damage.
the aid package, worth 500m euros (£365m), was announced at a meeting of EU farm ministers in Brussels. it is understood the bulk of the money will be used to support the dairy sector in the various member countries. but there will be no increase in the milk intervention price,
caixinha says his team dominated from the beginning to the end against hearts. the home side had an Alfredo Morelos goal disallowed and a Bruno Alves header cleared off the line. he says the pace of the passes needs to be higher to maintain a high enough
otters were declared extinct on the Japanese islands by its Ministry of the environment in august 2012. the skye-based International Otter Survival Fund (IOSF) has been helping with the reintroduction preparations.
three months studying peace and conflict at Chulalongkorn university, in Thailand. fellows were peacekeepers who had seen war and conflict up close. learn as much of the language of the country you've moved to as quickly as possible.
eastleigh candidate Patricia culligan claimed a lib dem standing in another seat "deliberately became HIV positive yet free NHS care v costly" she was referring to Paul Childs who is standing in Liverpool Riverside. she appeared to question the cost of treating British patients.
barcelona director Robert Fernandez says david alves has decided to leave the club. the 33-year-old won three champions leagues, six la liga titles and four copa del rey trophies. barca will exercise a buy-back
rocket and satellite payload were destroyed in an explosion. spacex's launch schedule will now be put on hold, perhaps for many weeks. the incident casts a shadow over the issue of human spaceflight.
bodies of David Miller, 24, and Hannah Witheridge, 23, were discovered on a beach. met police officers flew out last month to work with Thai police. they will now compile a report and "update the families of Hannah and David"
warwickshire captain Varun choppra scores 17th first class century. opener labours for five and a half hours to finish on 119 not out. hosts chasing 379 to win but lose three wickets for 25 runs in middle order.
two former Welsh secretaries want to change the law to ensure all candidates are on the Welsh electoral register. Lord Hain said being represented by people who live outside the country was "insulting to the people of Wales" under current rules there is nothing to stop people living outside of Wales standing as a candidate
shadow Chancellor says he's angry the conservatives haven't given out full costings for their manifesto. the tories are vulnerable to claims their plans would hit millions of people, because they won't give out the details of how they would actually work.
sources say a final agreement between lowe and Williams has not yet been reached. the 54-year-old will be replaced by former Ferrari technical director James Allison. lowe led the team to three drivers' and constructors' championship doubles in a row. sources say lowe'
the knife went missing at HMP northumberland two weeks ago. no lock-down or search was ordered. it comes a week after concerns were raised about safety in the prison.
Ray dare, 91, died when his bike and a van were involved in a collision. he had been "attempting to set a new national record for a 91-year-old" the driver of the van was uninjured. no arrests have been made
Andrew apperley, 38, from eastbourne, was reported missing after failing to return to his hotel. he went to a party on the island of koh phangan on 12 february. his brother found text messages suggesting he may be in danger.
the club will be known as arsenal, and say they will use the 'Women' title only when "official clarity" is needed. the name change is a "bold statement of intent, support and unity" captain Alex Scott says the term "women" delineates between men
man was discovered in a wooded area near the goodwyns housing estate. Surrey police has been given more time to question a 21-year-old male arrested on suspicion of murder.
Francesca Dingley, 22, from north London, died in a Chengdu apartment on 10 February 2015. the leak came from a water heater that was left running during the night. her parents called for all travellers to carry carbon monoxide detectors.
labour voted against the conservatives' charter for budget responsibility. but 21 of their MPs abstained, while a further 16 were given permission to be absent by Labour whips. shadow chancellor John McDonnell said his decision to reverse Labour's stance was "embarra
the west Indian carnival in Leeds was launched in 1967. an exhibition recording its heritage, political and cultural legacy is planned. the celebration of food, music and culture will culminate in a parade.
Bournemouth beat aston villa 2-1 in their premier league clash on saturday. the 24-year-old substitute came on as an injury-time substitute. he missed six months of last season with medial knee ligament damage.
muhanad al-farekh was born in Texas, and has been charged in new york. he is accused of supporting a conspiracy to kill americans and carry out attacks against the us military.
Kazenga LuaLua and Tomer Hemed give Brighton a 2-0 lead at half-time. Freddie Sears pulls one back for Ipswich before substitute david McGoldrick equalises from the spot. albion striker hemed
raiders targeted the central England co-operative property in duckmanton. owner of nearby business, Ian Womack, said the raiders had torn down the front. he said CCTV images from his forecourt "would probably identify the culprits"
Hazel Polge has set up a fundraising campaign to help "prevent such a tragedy" happening again. more than £4,000 in donations has been raised for mental health charity Mind and dartmoor search and rescue, which helped look for the junior doctor. a note found in
since late November, Scotland's five mountain resorts have attracted 373,782 customers. this season's figures were better than the last bumper season of 2000-2001. for every pound spent on the slopes another £3 is spent in the local economy.
Sinn Féin president was released without charge on Sunday after being questioned. it is believed police wanted to charge him with IRA membership. he has strongly denied making such a comment.
the model of the fearsome predator will be given away free of charge to whoever puts forward the best case on the submission form by 5 august. it has been languishing in its collections store since 2014. potential venues will require a clear floor space of 1.6m by 1.2m
Eli cox was found at an address in lapwing close in minster, sheppey. he died in hospital on 27 April, police said. Katherine cox, 32, and Danny shepherd, 25, appeared at court on Tuesday. both were released on conditional bail.
"we have peace in northern ireland, so we'll hold our noses and do business with you," he said. he added: "i do not like doing business with Sinn Féin.... there's a stench that still rises from that in
Stephen beadman, 29, admitted raping and murdering teenager at hearing in April. he and Luke Harlow, 27, are on trial at Nottingham crown court. both deny a charge of false imprisonment.
winger lewis tierney has signed a new contract at wigan. the 21-year-old has progressed through the club's youth system. he is the son of former england international Jason Robinson.
Fifty lodges from around ireland attended the event. many families with young children gathered at vantage points along the route. county grandmaster said donegal prides itself on being a family-friendly day.
the election on the 8 June is for the Westminster parliament, rather than the assembly. parties are now in the habit of producing a distinct document for Wales. you can find links here to detailed guides for each party.
redknapp has added goalkeeper David stockdale, defender Marc Roberts and midfielder Cheikh N'Doye this summer. Ravel Morrison and Simeon Slavchev also remain on trial with the club. the blues manager wants more additions before the season
Blackpool took the lead through jamille matt after 12 minutes. the visitors equalised through Kurtis guthrie from close range. colchester finished the game with 10 men after substitute Sean Murray was shown a straight red for a bad tackle on Jim McAlister in injury
30 countries attended crisis meeting in Brussels about global steel glut. OECD deputy secretary-general said there was "very strong willingness" to hold further talks. china's official news agency said blaming the country for problems was a "lame excuse"
PC Gavin Smith died from cancer aged 34 on 15 february. he appeared on channel 5's police interceptors. officers formed guard of honour to accompany his cortege to cathedral.
nearly 79% of premises in Wales are capable of receiving super-fast internet. take-up is 77% - 6% higher than in Scotland and 8% above northern Ireland. people in Wales spend four hours 11 minutes watching television a day.
more than 1,700 people are employed in the division, which has factories in Rotherham and stocksbridge. steel union community said it welcomed news of negotiations following "months of unnecessary stress and concern".
Machynlleth is one of three areas in the county deemed to need a travellers' site. an assessment carried out last year found sites were also required in Brecon and Welshpool. people will be able to provide comments formally on the proposed development.
birds caused "extensive damage" by making holes in parts of the spire made of cedar. a grant of £78,000 was awarded from the heritage lottery fund. the money will enable the cedar parts to be replaced with oak.
the more outrageous his remarks, the more coverage and social media comment he generates. "the world is literally falling apartâ€ and all we're talking about is Donald Trump," said sen. john mccain. the more attention he receives, the better his
as many as seven million americans who do not already have health insurance are eligible to purchase coverage in the coming months. at the white house on Tuesday, Mr Obama said the opportunity would be "life changing" the online health insurance marketplaces, or exchanges, struggled to meet higher than expected demand.
the alert began just after midday when police received a report of a suspicious device at the back of business premises on Dunluce street. part of the street was closed and reopened at about 17:30 BST. the suspect object was examined by army bomb experts who declared it a ho
plans include reducing the amount of inputs required to operate a device. there is also a two second limit on "off-road glances" the first phase of the plans only apply to built-in gadgets. electronic warning systems would be exempt from the rules.
the two sides in the decades-old conflict have been holding peace talks since 2012. the northern ireland delegation includes the rev Harold good, Sinn Fein's Paul Maskey, the DUP's Jeffrey Donaldson and the SDLP's mark durkan. an estimated 220,000 people have
fire and ambulance crews lifted the man off the fence at about 02:30 BST. he was taken to university hospital coventry and warwickshire. the man is understood to have suffered a flesh wound.
Yorkshire close on 207-3, 60 behind their overnight target at the Oval. skipper Andrew gale hits 61, his highest score of the season, but is caught behind. sam curran (59*) and Steven Davies (56) help Surrey add 103 to their overnight 164-5
Andrew sleat, 43, was also fined £300 at Crawley Magistrates' court. about 20 people were evacuated from their homes after the crash in crawley.
the 71-year-old's son, Roger, apparently posted an apology on behalf of his son on facebook. he said he would like to apologise to anyone "offended by my dad's behaviour" ofcom has received two complaints about the use of an offensive
pipe which supplies Staleen water treatment plant in county louth burst on friday. parts to repair the main arrived on site on Wednesday. Irish water said a permanent fix would be completed in two weeks.
the robbery happened at about 20:30 GMT on saturday at the shop. two men wearing hooded tops made a purchase, then one asked the assistant for another item. when she opened the till, one of the men brought out a knife.
the 32-year-old is the SDLP's youngest MLA. he said an Irish nationalist party cannot be led from Westminster. the former mayor of derry said politics needed "a new generation"
online poll sees Cumbernauld top a public vote for civic pride. judges have compared it to Kabul and described its shopping centre as a rabbit warren on stilts. the Scottish Design Awards is organised by urban realm - which also organises the Car
two men from Douglas and a 32-year-old man from Liverpool were held in connection with the discovery. they are suspected of being involved in the "importation and onward supply" of the drug.
Huw Irranca-davies quits the shadow frontbench on Wednesday. former DEFRA minister says party needs to "consistently re-invigorate" itself. he says the party was facing a "huge challenge" at next year
Sorenstam says there is still room for maturity in 20-year-old british golfer. he also discusses the prospects of another young english player, Bronte law. the 46-year old is looking forward to captaining Europe for the first time next summer.
entrepreneur tweets that his investment in xupo did not go through. the firm had hoped to use the money to expand its Bluetooth tracker. Xupo had forecast £1m in revenues in the next year.
the blackout was the country's worst since a 2007 cyclone knocked out the national grid for several hours. authorities blamed the incident on the failure of a transmission line, which led to power plants and substations shutting down. the high-voltage transmission line runs
nine of the organisation's 14 board members resigned on Monday, but they have yet to explain why they stood down. concerns have been raised about working practices within Sport NI, and at least 10 employees have made complaints. an internal audit investigation shed light on issues surrounding the leadership.
the new system will start in July 2016 and have a fixed budget of £340m. the CDF pays for drugs the NHS has deemed unaffordable. there will be "clear entry and exit criteria" to ensure money is spent on only the best drugs.
father-of-three Sean Mitchell, 46, inflicted four stab wounds on Stephen dagg, 53. court heard there was a history of hostility between the men. he admitted wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and having an offensive weapon.
the three girls left home in february to join the so-called Islamic state group. two of them are now married and the families are not identifying which of them. a fourth girl from the school is believed to have travelled to Syria in december.
wenger charged with verbally abusing and pushing fourth official after being sent off. 67-year-old reacted angrily to burnley being awarded a 93rd-minute penalty. wenger misses Saturday's FA cup tie against Southampton and premier league games
the antiques were taken from a locked cabinet in a room that was closed to the public due to a wedding at the house. the pieces have images of Russian ruler Catherine the Great and Prussian king Frederick William II, and were made between 1770 and 1775.
serious case review into events at winterbourne view, near Bristol, comes after 11 ex-staff members admitted offences against patients. independent report reveals concerns were raised before the abuse was uncovered in a secretly-filmed investigation by the BBC's Panorama programme. from the opening of the hospital in
the 27-year-old has struggled to secure a first-team place at glasgow. scored 72 on his debut for the club in 2006. has a batting average of 27.08 from 89 first-class matches.
raffaele sollecito was acquitted of manslaughter and sexual violence in 2009. he was sentenced to 25 years in prison, but the final ruling was overturned in march 2015. in his memoir, he describes how he refused to
defending champion jimmy spieth bogeys par-three 12th to lose lead at masters. willett becomes first englishman since phil mickelson in 1996 to win the tournament. faldo won his third and final green jacket in similar circumstances
Isaac Makwala says he was "sabotaged" after being denied entry to the 400m final. the 30-year-old was withdrawn by the IAAF "due to a medical condition" the race was won by world record holder and Olympic champion wayde van Nieker
middlesbrough beat Bournemouth 2-0 at st. mary's. goals from alvaro negredo and adama traore secure victory. steven gerrard scores only goal of the game for chelsea.
former first minister has a collection of memorabilia from the home rule crisis. displays antiquarian books signed by his political hero, sir Edward Carson. believes the centenary of the Ulster Covenant should be marked peacefully.
the 27-year-old has made 73 appearances for blues since joining in 2013. the once-capped Scotland international spent the past 18 months on loan at hibernian.
raids took place on Sunday and Monday in Brussels and the provinces of Flemish Brabant and Liege. police seized military clothing and computer equipment in the raids, but no weapons or explosives. Belgium has been on high alert since the attacks of 13 November in Paris.
prime minister faces cries of "coward" and "shame on you" one woman wept, saying it was because the pm declined to speak to anyone outside. pm pledges £5m of support, housing guarantees and help with access to cash.
Chase was mid-way through a four-year deal at the end of this season. the 29-year-old had already been granted a free transfer by salford. he was suspended internally by the club in September pending the hearing.
the UK and Scottish governments have agreed a public service obligation contract. Loganair will continue to operate the route from 26 march. the service will see two return flights each weekday and one return flight on a Sunday.
anglo's workforce will drop by 85,000, from 135,000 to 50,000. the group has been forced to restructure after commodity prices slashed profits. share price has fallen by more than two-thirds over the past year.
the 25-year-old was hit by the motorbike after several riders came down in a crash. a police inquiry is under way and the sport's governing body, the UCI, is co-operating. wanty-gobert team spokeswoman Jose been said it
Ulster's player of the year has signed a long-term contract with the province. the 23-year-old made his international debut for Ireland in the six nations in february. McCloskey has accumulated 42 appearances, scoring five tries, since his debut.
Osiris-Rex blasted away from florida on an Atlas rocket at 19:05 local time (00:05 BST) it will be seven years before it returns to earth with its bounty. engineers have developed a collection device that will extend from a robotic arm and "high
woman had flown to the uk with the child before a court in Tokyo had ruled. father had asked for son's return to Japan under child abduction legislation. man and woman split in 2013 after marrying nine years ago.
a black citroen came off the promenade, down a grassy slope and through iron railings before rolling on to rocks. two adults and a teenager, all believed to be women, were taken to hospital. an adult and teenager were airlifted to
the bodies were found by a herder looking for his animals near the Somali border. residents of ethnic Somali-dominated districts in the region have accused Kenya's security agencies of being behind the arrest and disappearance of youths. the hashtag #StopKillingSomalis has been trending
Cyclone Pam has destroyed most buildings in the capital port Vila. 267,000 people live in Vanuatu, spread over 65 small islands.
the next refugee figures are due to be published at the end of November. at least 216 Syrians have come to the UK under the government's Vulnerable People Relocation Scheme. but the prime minister has announced that 20,000 refugees will be brought into the UK by 2020.
since April, convicted criminals in england and wales have had to pay a charge of between £150 and £1,200 towards the cost of their case. the fee is paid on top of fines, compensation orders and defendants' own legal charges. ministers said it
security expert says asda could have put millions of transactions at risk. he first noticed the issue in march 2014 and contacted the firm to report it. the firm said it had now fixed the problem and no customers had been affected.
Andrew Barnes, 61, admitted attempted murder and was jailed for 15 and a half years. he hit 29-year-old Luke down with four heavy axe blows to the head. judge described the axe attack as an "impetuous moment of madness"
Mexico beat Brazil 3-2 in extra-time at the olympic stadium. goals from oribe peralta and a brace from fabian Marco seal victory. mano menezes' side had scored three in each of their previous five games.
round £1 will be legal tender alongside the new, more-secure coin until 15 October. around a third of the £1.3 billion worth of coins stored in piggy banks are the current £1 style. some of those returned by the public will be melted down and used to make the 12-sided version
former world number one and eight-time grand slam champion sees himself returning at some stage. the 54-year-old american admits he could not commit to the amount of travelling required. lendl and Murray parted ways at the end of last year's us open
woman tells court she was attacked in the Meadows shortly before 07:00 on 15 November. she said she heard footsteps and thought it was a friend coming up behind her. when she regained consciousness, she was lying on the ground with her attacker. Steven Davidson, 23, of
Sam allardyce becomes first person to manage both sunderland and rivals Newcastle. the 60-year-old has been out of management since he left west ham last season. he will take over at the stadium of light on 25 October, with an away trip to west brom
two-time british rally champion David and son, ben, are shooting stars. ben competes in Olympic skeet - one of the shotgun categories. the 22-year-old is aiming to win a gold medal at the Commonwealth games.
IS has declared it will "destroy" the country's Yazidi ethnic group through murder, rape and forced conversions. the human rights lawyer accused the UN of "inaction" in the face of a genocide. she called for mass graves to be preserved
the head teacher of Sandown bay academy resigned and the board of governors was replaced earlier this year. academy trust said it intended to merge it with Ryde academy to make "one great school" falling numbers and the consequent impact on finances prompted the decision.
six of the accused come from Syria, a seventh from Libya. they arrived in germany between 2014 and 2016, some as unaccompanied minors. the alleged ringleader is a 21-year-old Syrian who will be charged as an adult.
"it will be open to individual ministers to take a different, personal decision," he told MPs. the referendum on whether the UK stays in the EU will be held before 2018. a number of cabinet ministers are thought to favour an out vote.
Dassey and his uncle were convicted of murdering a young woman, Teresa Halbach. his conviction was overturned in 2016 on the basis his confession was coerced. the 27-year-old remains in jail, facing the possibility of a retrial.
security researchers set up crowd-funding campaign to buy access to shadow brokers' hacking tools. plan involved protecting computers before they could be targeted by cyber-criminals. critics had argued that paying the Shadow Brokers for access to their tools, even with honest intentions, could be illegal.
Ivory coast striker signed from french club Angers in 2015. the 26-year-old scored 20 goals in 52 games for championship side Bristol city. he had also been the subject of interest from Derby County and premier league side Hull.
education policy institute has produced a league table of academy trusts and councils. former education minister David laws says successive governments have been "in denial" academies are no "magic bullet" for improving schools, local government association says.
a complete version of two missing episodes of Doctor Who has been found in Nigeria. it is thought to be the largest haul of missing episodes recovered in the last 30 years. the BBC destroyed many of the sci-fi drama's original transmission tapes.
menzies warns full-year profits could be £2m lower than previously forecast. aviation division continues to perform well in all regions outside the uk. ground handling turns and cargo tonnes were up 9% and 4% respectively.
Russian foreign ministry says move shows the UK has no "real influence" on world events. uk foreign secretary will now travel to italy for a G7 meeting instead. the decision was made after discussions with the us, which is sending rex tillerson to Moscow.
poster has been shared more than 47,000 times and liked by almost 35,000 people. force wants children to see officers as people who can help rather than law enforcers. poster has divided opinion on facebook, with some asking for officer to be moved.
Lord Janner was accused of abuse allegations during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. he was deemed unfit to stand trial in England because of dementia. the former MP has consistently denied all allegations against him.
club say shared chairmanship of Ray Trew will bring "mutual gain" many Lincoln ladies supporters were angered by the move. the club will play their home games around 35 miles away from their current home.
the secretary of state said the violence in recent weeks was "completely unacceptable" further protests are taking place across the city on Friday evening. protests flared during a loyalist protest against a council decision to limit the number of days the union flag is flown.
the motorcyclist killed in the collision lived locally, police said. the tractor driver was not injured in the crash on the B1191 at Thornton.
the couple have been vocal supporters of the "say I do down under" campaign. the government has proposed holding a public vote on same-sex marriage in 2017. "when i found out that gay marriage was illegal in australia, i was astounded"
tries from Kat merchant and Emily scarratt put England 24-10 up before half-time. tries by Roz Crowley and Jo Watmore put the hosts in control. new zealand's rawina everitt crossed for the hosts.
researchers analysed data from patients taking bisphosphonates, which are used to prevent the loss of bone material. more than 50,000 hip and 70,000 knee, replacements take place in the UK each year. 1.96% of implants failed without the drug, compared with 0.93% in those taking
the bodies of six babies were found in boxes in the garage of her former home. the 40-year-old pleaded guilty to six counts of murder in february. a judge gave her the maximum sentence of at least 30 years in prison.
"trojan horse has not gone away," says head of anderton park school in Birmingham. education secretary responds: "there is no place for extremism in our schools" head teachers complain no governors have been barred as a result of the inquiries. they call for a
Matty Taylor rescues a point for Bristol Rovers at the britannia stadium. the dons are without a win in 12 league matches on home soil.
'Golden Rice' has been developed by scientists to combat vitamin A deficiency. the rice has been modified by adding extra genes that turn on the plant's ability to produce beta-carotene. lack of this vitamin increases the chances of blindness and susceptibility to disease
manchester city have triggered the midfielder's £8m release clause. rumours that he was set to join the north west club surfaced on friday. the news came just hours after it was reported that liverpool had met a £32.5m clause for Christian Ben
emergency services at north middlesex university hospital have been rated "inadequate" unit logged 22 serious incidents in the past year, including a dead patient not being found. care quality commission inspectors said there were too few competent doctors.
Bailey, 16, was stabbed during a fight with a fellow pupil at Cults academy. the schoolboy's killer is serving nine years for culpable homicide.
born in the new town of cumbernauld, scotland, Ryan began experimenting with drugs when he was 12. four years later he left school and went to new zealand for a year in search of a fresh start. faced a possible
about 100 million people speak it in the world, including 400,000 in the uk. students on the full-time courses will have the chance to learn how the language has been used in film and literature. there is a demand for Urdu-related jobs not just in this country but in many others
Russia and turkey have been locked in an angry dispute since turkey shot down a Russian jet. Deputy defence minister said turkey was the biggest buyer of "stolen" oil. turkey said the Russian SU-24 fighter plane intruded into its airspace.
senior officers encourage fans to still engage with police at the donington park festival. a spokesman for Leicestershire police said posing for selfies with armed officers was "safe" about 80,000 people are expected at download over the weekend.
leaders of every EU country, apart from the UK, are gathering in the Slovakian capital Bratislava to discuss the future of the bloc. uk voted by 51.9% to 48.1% to end its membership of the EU in a referendum. prime minister theresa may has said
operating profit will be 6.1tn won ($5.1bn; £3.5bn) for the October to December period. operating profit fell 7.5% from the previous quarter. sales at the world's biggest maker of memory chips and smartphones also missed forecasts.
more than 5,300 bottles of alcohol were seized by the investigators in the southern city of Liuzhou. they also found packets of a white powder called Sildenafil, better known as the anti-impotence drug Viagra.
the council said a backlog of waste would be cleared by the weekend. only half of scheduled collections have taken place recently due to industrial action.
customers should continue to protect themselves from scam phone calls and emails. 4% of TalkTalk customers have sensitive data at risk. scale of the attack was "much more limited than initially suspected", firm says.
world number 41 lowry is five under par but still has four holes to play at oakmont. american Andrew landry is two shots behind with players catching up after storms. second-round leader dustin Johnson and sergio garcia share the lead. england's Lee west
the grimsel car took only 1.513 seconds to reach 100kph (62mph) it needed only 30m (98ft) of track to reach the landmark speed. by comparison, the fastest production vehicle is the Porsche 918 Spyder hybrid.
lt. colonel Benedict Tomkins, 49, is facing trial in the us. he allegedly attacked the woman in her hotel room after a drinks reception. the woman told the court Mr Tomkins was "very aggressive" and "took control"
australian lock slapped GB Olympic sevens medallist in the face late in the european champions cup draw. BBC pundit Brian Moore was among those to accuse Davies, 26, of over-reacting. scarlets head coach pivac defended Davies' behaviour - and
the five engines broke off from the spaceship after blast off and crashed. they were found 4,300 metres below the surface of the Atlantic ocean. he's now planning on trying to bring one of the engines to the surface.
festival features over 200 sculptures including iconic Asian buildings carved out of snow and ice. ten metre tall model of a high speed train is also one of the big attractions.
the busy twists take to the streets of ghana to record their new single. inspired by highlife, reggae and dance sounds emanating from Ghana's streets and clubs. the track represents something different from digitally driven dance music.
hundreds of empty seats at Leicester city's third-round replay against spurs. one supporter claims ticketing problems could have "turned nasty" Leicester city FC has apologised and launched an investigation.
the number of jobs added in july was slightly below expectations. however, the figures for may and June were revised upwards by 14,000.
england batsman to undergo "re-integration" period before expected return to action. the 32-year-old was dropped entirely over "provocative texts" about team-mates. he retracted decision to retire from ODI cricket but starred in Tests
largest study of its kind unpicked practically all the errors that cause healthy breast tissue to go rogue. scientists have to understand what goes wrong in our DNA that makes healthy tissue turn cancerous. 93 sets of instructions, or genes, that if mutated, can cause tumours
chronic pain is caused partly by a person's genetic make-up and partly by as-yet-unidentified risk factors shared by partners in the same environment. scientists also identified significant overlaps between the risk factors for chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea won their first premier league title in 2004-05, 12 years after their first. didier drogba spearheaded the attack, Claude makelele reinvented the anchor man role and Frank lampard top-scored from midfield. Antonio conte's 2016-17 breed
campaigners ask the university to reconsider the move, highlighting its "strong record" in educating people from disadvantaged groups. university says it needs to reduce costs in line with its student numbers.
Billy King opened the scoring with a long-range shot. mark durnan volleyed in a third to give the visitors a commanding half-time lead. united striker James Keatings was carried off.
Kent keeper Adam Rouse needed treatment for a dislocated finger. late call-up for england batsman Sam billings who suffered hand injury in practice. in-form south africa batsmen Colin ingram rested with knee problem.
Makayah McDermott and Rozanne cooper died after the car crashed in south-east london. Joshua dobby appeared at bromley magistrates' court earlier charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving. three girls were also injured and remain in
Emily Gardner, 14, drowned when an ill-fitting buoyancy aid snagged on a speedboat. parents set up Emily's code to highlight safety issues for small boat owners and users. they said something as simple as checking a lifejacket fits properly could
the 26-year-old joined villa for £9m from Lille in July 2015. he played 35 times as villa were relegated from the premier league last season. other interested clubs have until the end of July to make a bid for him.
the 2017 african player of the year shortlists were announced last month. continental successes feature heavily in the categories including nods to Nigeria's women's nations cup winners and Uganda's Gabon 2017 qualifiers. the winners will be announced at an awards ceremony in Abuja, Nigeria on
police closed the lower Bristol road in bath after the crash at 03:00 GMT. the road closure caused disruption and delays to commuters and bus services. investigations are under way into how the collision happened.
the 30-year-old from Holywood took ninth place in the race. pollock finished with a time of 65.53 in a race won by shadrack corir of kenya. medical doctor pollock was returning to Cardiff where he ran a superb 62
"we want someone who can speak for the royal family," sheikh salman told the BBC. hardliners are said to be opposed to a dialogue process between the government and six opposition societies. the al-wefaq leader acknowledged that many young protesters had lost faith in the main opposition parties
students at riverheads high school were asked to trace Arabic calligraphy. some parents accused the teacher of indoctrination. officials said the schools were closed out of an "abundance of caution"
former barcelona and ajax star dies of cancer aged 68. his family will hold a private funeral while a public memorial will also be held. three-time european footballer of the year is widely considered one of the world's greatest.
seventh seed kvitova to play fellow Czech Lucie safarova in semi-final. the 27-year-old was stabbed by an intruder at her home in london in december. she reached the second round at last month's french
the flag is supported by three paramilitary groups. members of the 36th Ulster Division were among 100,000 Allied soldiers who fought at the Somme in 1916. a private benefactor has paid for the purchase of the flags.
Citroen driver leads by 37.2 seconds heading into the final stage of the rally. the 37-year-old narrowly misses parked cars as he goes off the road with under one kilometre left. world champion sebastien ogier finishes third, 45.9
video shows another Baidu executive in the driver's seat, but with his hands off the steering wheel. police began an investigation after the video went viral. autonomous vehicles are tipped as the future of motoring.
Brian Matthew was born in coventry on 17 September 1928 into a musical family. his radio career began when he was serving with the army in post-war germany. one of the programmes he hosted was Saturday skiffle club, later renamed Saturday club.
25-year-old winger has joined rugby union side sale sharks from wigan warriors. move to the aviva premiership side is most high-profile switch since Sam Burgess' move to bath. Charnley says he is adapting to a different
a fifth of Israel's population is arab and they often complain that areas in which they live are not so well policed and have poorer public services. Deputy commissioner hakrush will be in charge of a newly-created police division established to improve policing in Arab communities
former steel workers in the north-east town of consett don't remember Margaret thatcher. "my dad doesn't like her because she shut down the steel works," says 20-year-old Adam. theresa may has urged traditional labour supporters to "lend" her their
the 40-year-old sliced his fingers open when he tried to grab a drone camera. he was "semi-treated" at the side of the stage to stop the bleeding. the singer is expected to resume his tour on 3 July in Mexico city.
police need to focus on paramilitaries as the source of the drugs problem in ni. former policeman says there is "real scope for de-criminalising cannabis" former MLA Adrian cochrane-watson said he would "break the legs" of any drug dealers
maori all blacks take on new zealand lions in first test in Rotorua. winger Peter O'Mahony captains the side, with tour skipper Sam warburton on bench. lock maro itoje starts at lock in an
action on hearing loss cymru survey finds many job seekers reluctant to list it on CVs. one deaf person said they had not had an interview in 16 years of stating they were "deaf" many public sector organisations were found to show poor practice in the report.
Aaron Lewis, 26, was shot three times outside Anna Jungs in Wavertree at about 19:00 GMT on Wednesday. a 19-year-old man went to hospital with a gunshot wound to his upper body. police believe the offender ran down the road towards the city centre and
the UN bestowed the honorary title on the famed heroine on her 75th birthday on friday. more than 1,000 anonymous and "concerned" UN staff members have signed an online petition. critics said it was "disappointing" that the UN "was unable
Spencer Vaughan suffered spinal damage after hitting his head on a sand bar. he is seeking damages from the MoD for not warning about the dangers of diving. the 27-year-old is now an incomplete tetraplegic following the accident in 2009.
the meeting was Mr Trump's first face-to-face with a world leader since winning election. the us and japan have been key allies since the end of world war two. president-elect has vowed to scrap the trans-Pacific partnership trade deal.
there has been an average of 1.92 goals per game so far, only the second time it has been lower than two per match in a group stage since the first finals in 1980. it is the first European Championship to feature 24 teams, and 23 of them were in contention for a place in the
more than 110,000 people have signed a petition calling for her to be moved. her mother said she was being sexually harassed by other prisoners. the prison service said it was a policy to place offenders according to their gender.
onlookers swam across the lake after the car became submerged in the water. the man and his dog were put in a boat and taken to land. he was taken to hospital but discharged later in the day.
the top end model of the BBC Micro had 128KB of memory. the apple Newton was one of the first touch screen tablet devices made by apple, and was released in 1993.
the 22-year-old helped southend win promotion out of league two last season. scored a late equaliser in the play-off final against wycombe. spent the first half of this season on loan at the Shrimpers.
the 10-part channel 4 and spt series will star breaking bad's Bryan Cranston. other writers on the project include Matthew Graham (doctor who) and 50 shades screenwriter Kelly Marcel. each episode will be a standalone piece, adapted by a team of authors.
the girl is thought to have been shot by her father who was found dead at the scene. a firearm has been recovered, but police would not confirm the relationship between the girl and the man. the area around the scene in northiam has been cordoned off since the shooting.
bill Palmer called the Alex Dyke show on radio solent about his life after his wife went into a nursing home. the 95-year-old married his wife sheila, 85, on 2 juin 2014. shortly afterwards she fell and was taken into hospital, where she now lives.
banbury's horton general has been trying "very hard" to recruit new obstetricians. campaigners staged a rally earlier against the "contingency" midwife plan. the plan could take effect from the end of september if it does not succeed.
rare mineral, only found beneath Treak Cliff hill, near castleton, is so named because of its distinctive colour. miner Gary Ridley, who found it after attempting a new mining method with a stone chainsaw. he said he could not "believe his eyes" when
the 28-year-old claims the result was orchestrated to stop him speaking out. anti-doping agency director general Navin agarwal denies samples could have been tampered with. india's wrestler Narsingh Yadav, 26, last week tested positive
tablet computers are now being used, at least to some extent, in 68% of primary and 69% of secondary schools. but researchers found examples of much more intensive use. number of tablet computers in schools expected to rise from about 430,000 to almost 900,000.
students from the Fossil Free QUB group have occupied a floor of the university's administration building. they claim they will "indefinitely" occupy the floor, at the rear of the 'quad' in the main Lanyon building. the students are calling for the
the 27-year-old joined the english championship side from french Ligue 1 team Angers in January 2016. Camara played 26 games and scored just once during his time at Derby. he has previously played for french outfits Rennes and sochaux, Greek club PAOK and spanish
the 26-year-old musician's debut album is a searingly-personal collection of piano-based songs. critics have called the album "bold", "brilliant" and "astonishing" the Mercury Prize recognises innovative albums produced in the uk and ire
victim, 62, had been stabbed in his chest and neck and had a bite mark on his face. suspect, a Zimbabwean national, was found in the township near Cape town. he is due to be formally charged in court later on Thursday or Friday.
government spokesman says state tribunal would be "a good thing" for former prime minister. government minister says he has "a lot to answer for" in the 2010 crash. 96 Poles were killed when plane they were travelling in went down in thick fog. separate investigations ruled out any
club's accounts for the year ending may 2014 show the bluebirds owe around £174m. this was despite revenue increasing more than five fold to almost £80million. the accounts show the club received loans of around £130m - mainly from owner Vincent Tan.
unconscious man found on the Old Shoreham Road at 03:50 BST. believed to have been hit by a vehicle which failed to stop. has potentially life-threatening injuries, police said.
the council has launched an appeal to raise £150,000 for a bronze sculpture. former steelworker Kathleen Roberts said: "it breaks my heart" the sculpture has been designed by artist Martin jennings.
19-year-old striker went off injured just minutes after being introduced as a substitute. he has played four games for pools since joining in January. manager Dave Jones: "it's so unfortunate for Andrew and for us"
26 beaches ranked as Scotland's "most excellent" for water quality.
Ireland beat France 9-6 in their quarter-final clash at the millennium stadium. tries from Rob Kearney, conor Murray and sexton secured victory. injuries to three key players will be a massive concern for the rest of the campaign.
finley Thomas suffered "catastrophic" head injuries in the attack by his father. his partner, Chloe, was infatuated with the drug dealer and hooked on drugs. the court heard how the toddler had a "brilliant relationship" with his partner.
the 86-year-old first became prime minister in 1982. he began a third spell as leader in 2014. his son is currently finance minister.
scientists in the uk created an artificial windpipe which was coated in stem cells from the patient. the 36-year-old cancer patient is now doing well a month after the operation. professor macchiarini hopes to use the technique to treat a nine-month-old child in Korea
the 24-year-old world cup defender has joined heart of edinburgh. he has spent the last three years with ironi Ashdod in Israel's premier league. the left-back only joined his new team-mates in training on Saturday morning.
the 28-year-old has pulled out of this year's us open due to a "family matter" she gave birth to her son, leo, in december and only returned to tennis in June. the belarusian separated from her father in July.
body of 26-year-old footballer discovered in hotel room in Douglas. louis thornton played for Douglas-based Corinthians. club treasurer says he was a "leader, both on and off the pitch"
while they sing artist William Mackrell draws the bumps and swerves on the no. 9 bus. his installation is part of his residency for the royal British society of sculptors.
Stoke beat bottom club villa 2-0 in their premier league clash. leandro Bacuna's late goal gave the visitors hope of an unlikely point. arnautovic opened the scoring with a penalty after clumsily stopping Phil bardsley.
38 people were killed in an attack on a beach in Tunisia on 26 June 2015. many eyewitnesses to the attacks in Paris came through WhatsApp. the app is widely used in that part of the world.
the jet stream is the culprit for much of the extreme weather that the UK has seen this year. the river of air in our upper atmosphere flows in a fairly straight line from the east coast of america, east across the Atlantic. climate physicists say that with climate change, the
manchester united beaten 2-0 at home by Cambridge in fa cup fourth round replay. goals from Radamel falcao, angel di maria and robin van persie denied. nemanja vidic scores twice as chelsea beat swans
turkey shells YPG militia, which it says is linked to the banned Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) ypg controls much of Syria's northern border with turkey. u.s. and russia agree to work closer towards cessation of hostilities in Syria
fire crews were called to the second-floor property at about 05:15. the man's condition is not thought to be serious.
the 44-year-old, from everton, was shot in the head and chest. he was found badly injured at Stanley meat market in the old Swan area of Liverpool. three men arrested - two aged 29 and the other 32 - remain in police custody.
Peterborough lost for the third successive time since their cup defeat by oldham. westley believes there's some sort of hangover going on. the defeat kept Peterborough 12th in league one, eight points off the play-off places.
temporary closure notices were placed on the shellfish beds last week. latest tests have shown satisfactory water quality levels, said the FSA. closures remain in place in Devon at Slapton, Taw and Torridge and in Jersey.
Georgia says Russian troops have installed signs marking the "state border" of South Ossetia. the move has left a small portion of the Baku-Supsa oil pipeline under Russia's effective control. a flag erected by protesters near the village of Khur
the minute's silence went relatively well because we only had two incidents. the school was at the heart of the events, close to the Charlie Hebdo offices. problems in the school system caused the disruption on the Monday.
Ghana has not been affected by the epidemic in west africa, which has killed more than 11,000 people. most of the mission's staff and assets have been moved to Sierra Leone and Guinea, where 24 new cases of Ebola were reported in the last week.
boy, 15, says he survived by drinking water from wet clothes and eating clarified butter. a woman, in her 20s, was pulled from a collapsed block alongside three bodies. helicopters have been held back by "rainfall and cloudy conditions", a government spokesman
United health group was the best performer on the Dow Jones, up 2.7%. the failure to find an agreement between Greece and its creditors continued to hang over shares.
South Shields will host the tie, which takes place on 19 august, with kick-off at 12:30 BST. match of the day commentator conor McNamara and former manchester united striker Danny Webber will talk you through the action. a game from every stage of
Jonathan Calderwood is the head groundsman at french champions paris saint-germain. he has received accolades from some of the world's most expensive footballers. the 37-year-old was named french Groundman of the Year in his first season.
the three legislators say they agreed to leave the legislature to break the continuing stand-off. without the seats, the opposition loses a critical two-thirds majority. the opposition has 112 seats it needs to reach the so-called "super-majority"
a person claiming to be in a vehicle called police to say it had earlier been in kent. the lorry was found by Bedfordshire police at toddington services, on the M1. six people are being held in custody.
reading for pleasure was more important to a child's development than how educated their parents were. there was a 14.4% advantage in vocabulary, a 9.9% advantage in maths and an 8.6% advantage in spelling, according to the study. the study was carried out by the institute of education
the 32-year-old is accused of elbowing aidan connolly in the face. goodwin was not pulled up for the offence during united's 3-0 win. midfielder has until Wednesday to respond to the complaint.
the Church of England has had exclusively male leaders - bishops whose authority has been handed down the generations by the laying on of hands. women now constitute a third of the 11,000 anglican priests, several of whom have reached senior positions. a single vote for women bishops
Colin Gregg, 75, is accused of indecently assaulting four boys aged between 10 and 14. the court heard how mr Gregg molested boys at his home, in his car and in a swimming pool. he denies nine counts of assault and has dismissed the
Northstone showed a pre-tax profit of??6m on turnover of?239m. fall in group turnover in 2012 was all attributable to its building/civil engineering division. workforce fell from 992 to 968 over the year and redundancy costs of???
the westgate mall attack has boosted business in the private security industry. security companies now collaborate more with the country's security services. one of the first victims of the attack was the security officer at the mall.
about 90 people are being trained in a secure location, and they will be paid by the u.s. more fighters will begin training soon at sites in Jordan, turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. nearly 4,000 fighters volunteered for the programme but only 400 were given places.
liberal centrist Emmanuel Macron and nationalist marine le pen are already revolutionising french politics. they disagree on many issues, especially Europe and immigration. decisive second round is on 7 may - and polls suggest Mr Macron is ahead.
DJ Derek Serpell-morris, known as DJ Derek, went missing last July aged 73. his remains were discovered in march after a high-profile search. in a eulogy, his brother described him as "kind, modest and unassuming"
police say he may have had personality or developmental disorder. relative tells ABC news he was "obviously not well" Adam Lanza lived with his mother in a well-to-do neighbourhood. his mother pulled him out of the school and taught him at home.
Anna O'Flanagan, Katie Mullan and Zoe Wilson net the goals for the Irish. they had beaten Wales in the semi-finals. coach Graham Shaw says this is their first competitive tournament in 18 months.
man suffered serious neck injuries after falling from a low roof at the hospital. care quality commission brought the prosecution against southern health. judge said it was "clearly a case of considerable public interest and concern"
two men in their 20s were arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and possession of ammunition. the operation was not linked to a fatal police shooting at Tracey court in Luton earlier in the day. local residents were warned by armed police to stay inside their homes.
the fate of the government's economic policy rests on whether it is pain cancelled, or simply postponed. if consumers feel the world around them is feeling positive, they tend to spend. the rate of inflation is increasing as the value of sterling declines.
lib dem Jane dodds said UKIP lacked "care and compassion" on healthcare issues. it follows comments by UKIP leader Nigel farage on migrants using NHS for HIV treatment. UKIP's Caroline Jones said she understood Mr Farage's comments.
the 25-year-old lost to 17-time grand slam champion in last year's final. but he produced an impressive display to clinch his eighth tour title. he had only beaten Federer once in their previous 10 encounters.
mansfield town suffer sixth successive defeat at home to morecambe. Danny rose scores twice for the Stags as they thrash the home side. shaquile coulthirst and ben whiteman also on target for the visitors.
the 29-year-old victim suffered head and body injuries in the incident. the incident spilled out on to the street outside the property in Herbertson Crescent. police appeal for help in tracing the attackers, who were wearing balaclavas.
Rangers reach the Scottish cup final on penalties after beating Celtic 2-1. the match finished 2-2 after extra-time after barrie McKay's stunning strike. manager mark warbuton will need to strengthen his squad in the summer.
Mike flynn has been confirmed as caretaker boss of Newport county until the summer. the former england international replaces scott westley, who was sacked in april. exiles boss steve mcclaren says the club's
Janice farman was killed at her home in front of her son earlier this month. three men have appeared in court in connection with her murder. her parents said they learned of her death via social media.
youGov survey suggests low name recognition of councillors across uk. 79% of east Midlands residents unable to name a single representative. satisfaction with work of councils highest in north east of England.
"this is the end of top gear as we know it," declares one twitter user. "we are all Jeremy Clarkson," says another, arguing that "no one can present like him" the decision not to renew Clarkson's contract was greeted with approval in the Czech Republic
asif kahn, who worked at oldknow academy in Birmingham, had faced allegations of misconduct. a national college of teaching and leadership panel heard the allegations against him in November. the professional conduct panel has said it did not find the case proven.
the 32-year-old has spent time at eight clubs including Nottingham forest and yeovil. the former wales international has earned his only cap for his country in 2006.
exercise may buffer against dementia as well as age-related memory loss. in the uk, 820,000 people have dementia, and this figure is set to double by 2030. findings have implications for ageing societies faced with a dementia time bomb.
coroner said his suicide could have been avoided had the hospital fitted a collapsible shower rail. the special rails, recommended by the chief medical officer in 2000, are designed to fall if a weight of 40kg (90lb) is suspended anywhere along their entire length
Evie markham, 18, from shropshire, made it to the embassy in Kathmandu on friday. she was told "our doors are closed, we work nine to five," her mother said. the foreign and Commonwealth office said it was looking into her case.
world number 234 Naomi broady has received a wildcard to the tournament. british number one Johanna Konta faces puig in the women's singles. serena will face a qualifier or lucky loser in her opening match.
the UK voted by 52% to 48% to leave the EU after 43 years. analysts say the EU will fear a domino effect from Brexit that could threaten the whole organisation. the EU worries Brexit could reverse 70 years of european integration.
border force officers found 19 Albanians and one Syrian hidden in a trailer. the trailer was carrying machinery at North Shields ferry terminal in 2015. driver Marek Niedzwiecki, 33, was jailed for five years at Newcastle crown court. accomplices Ferdinand Gjo
Prince Harry is currently on a week-long tour of new zealand. the haka means "fierce dance" and was traditionally performed by the maoris before going into battle.
in-store promotions heavily weighted in favour of food with high levels of salt or sugar. report calls for a "retail revolution" to help people choose healthier options. Scottish obesity levels projected to rise to 40% by 2030.
the employee, who is now dead, had worked at partick thistle for two years. when the alleged abuse was raised in 1992, he was dismissed "with immediate effect" police Scotland and the Scottish football association have been informed.
a community in the Hovefields area of Wickford reported hardcore-laden lorries arrive. the site is less than three miles (5km) by road - from the Dale Farm traveller site. basildon council said it is aware of "an alleged breach of planning laws
Hutchison Whampoa already owns the three mobile network, and would combine it with O2. the move would reduce the number of major operators in the UK from four to three. further consolidation within the telecommunications industry is already on the cards.
McBryde leads Wales against Samoa and tonga this summer in the absence of Warren gatland and Rob howley, who coach the Lions in new zealand. the Cardiff Blues face the Ospreys at the Principality Stadium on Saturday before the Newport G
the project was the result of a joint study by two researchers. they hope the technology could eventually be used to save lives.
one businessman lost his home as a result of the fraud, police say. the fraud involved sales staff posing as emergency services cold callers. shellard and good were jailed for eight and seven years respectively.
nine families have been resettled in Aberdeenshire in the past few weeks. faith groups and the north east Scotland credit union have set up an account. people can donate money for essential items.
this is the time of year when forward planning is the centre of attention. here some of the best business leaders - and rock music legends - share their thoughts on running or setting up a business in 2016.
Cornish Pirates have already agreed new deals with prop marlen walker and back row dan lee. prop Tyler gendall has gone on loan to harlequins until the end of the season.
support Stafford hospital campaigners and police said up to 30,000 people had joined the mile-long march, from the town centre to the hospital. campaign group said the town's Market Square was so full of protesters it took 45 minutes for it to clear after the march started at about 1400 BST
Luke Bennett, 20, was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis four years ago. after medication and steroids failed to improve his condition, he decided to have surgery. he said he wanted to help other people like him.
obelisk dedicated to the father of the nation, looming over the heart of his eponymous capital city. as president Trump pointed out, George Washington was a slaveholder. while he lived, the nation's first president extracted his pound of flesh from those
councils in the region describe the scheme as one of several "priority projects" in devolution negotiations. the timetable and costs of the project are not discussed in the document. chairman of the light rail transit association said the trams would be an efficient and effective way of moving passengers.
the takeover, which would include the rodney parade ground, has already been approved by the WRU and dragons boards. it needs to be ratified by 75 per cent of Newport RFC shareholders next month. rugby union has been played at Rodney Parade since 1877.
the modern Beltane fire festival has run since 1988. this year's celebration included drummers, fire dancers, physical theatre, and a bonfire.
soldiers from two signals regiments and their families will be moving to beacon barracks. developer lovell, based in nearby Tamworth, is building 346 homes on sites in the area. 1st armoured division signal regiment and 16th Signal regiment will join 22
Joshua brown was killed when his car collided with a lorry while in Autopilot mode. the US national highway traffic safety administration closed its investigation. it found no evidence of a defect in the car's systems.
screen grabs showing the website with messages from gay activists are being circulated. in one, the prime minister apologises to all homosexuals living in Uganda. a controversial anti-gay bill was re-tabled in the Ugandan parliament this year.
a portadown man was stopped on his way back from a Bulgarian 'lad's holiday' he was stopped with a knuckle duster, stun device, extendable baton and pepper spray. also in the paper is "utter devastation"
the 38-year-old left-armer took 5-3 against new zealand in the 2014 world t20. he claimed 18 wickets in 17 matches in the shortest format. herath needs just three more wickets to reach 300 for Sri Lanka.
a 78-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving and failing to stop has been bailed. he is white with a moustache and goatee beard, believed to be from eastern europe.
u.s. congress votes for a law allowing families of nearly 3,000 people killed in 9/11 to sue. a veto by president Barack Obama said it would set a "dangerous precedent" fifteen of the 19 hijackers that day were Saudi nationals, but the kingdom
the rig ran aground at Dalmore on Lewis in a storm while being towed to the Mediterranean. two of its four fuel tanks were damaged in the incident which resulted in the loss of 53,000 litres of fuel. it was refloated and anchored
police say the suspects are due to appear in court on Wednesday in lahore. the victims have been identified as shehzad Masih and his wife Shama. about 200 people protested against the killings in the town of Kot Radha Kishan.
since 2014, Libya has had two rival parliaments - an Islamist-backed one in tripoli and an internationally recognised government in the east. several MPs on both sides of the divide have described the latest announcement as premature. a loose alliance of militias, including Islamists, seized
everyday church online runs virtual services every Sunday for a net-based congregation. Guardians of ancora is a fantasy game aimed at eight to 11-year-olds. iheartradio has a Christmas-themed podcast.
"he had some anger issues and couldn't overcome the demons in his life," coach says. Phillips was a star player at the university of Nebraska in the 1990s. he played for the st. louis Rams, miami dolphins and san fr
the number of deaths in police road traffic incidents rose by 11 to 32. it is the biggest total in eight years. twenty-eight of the road traffic deaths were related to police pursuits of vehicles.
the original 11-year agreement started in 2008. sources told the BBC earlier this year it was worth as much as about $8m (£6.3m) per year.
the Dutch needed an unlikely 343 runs to win the match. a 60-run partnership between Ben Cooper and Peter Borren left the Irish on 186-4 as played was halted at 18:30 BST.
specialist troops were deployed to deal with the intruder, police say. the deputy president had left hours earlier for a campaign rally. he is seeking re-election next month.
a team has been sending down a robotic submarine with a camera. so far they've spotted shrimp, jellyfish and black pillow lava.
a judge has ordered genetic tests to be carried out on six people with claims to be relatives of the singer. four siblings or half-siblings, as well as two women believed to be a niece and a grand-niece, will be tested. genetic tests had already
a woman had made allegations of harassment taking place over a two-year period. police are investigating an allegation of online harassment. the blogger has been bailed, pending further inquiries.
Sullivan and gold bought a majority stake in west ham in 2010. energy drinks giant was reported to be considering a £200m offer.
revenue rose to $20.26bn (£14bn) between January and march, from $17.26bn a year earlier. but Alphabet's share price fell about 6% in after-hours trading, as the revenue figure fell short of analysts' expectations. net
Martin Williams Ltd took over penman engineering near dumfries in November last year. the site employed about 140 staff before it went into administration. director said they had completed first stage of restructuring the company.
Julie sayles, 59, alleged to have persuaded edith negus to change her will. she also allegedly bought two houses with money she allegedly took from a joint bank account she shared with Mrs Negus. sayles described herself "as a woman of faith
collision happened on an unnamed road in Tanlan, Ffynnongroyw. bus driver and passengers were not hurt. north Wales police and health and safety executive investigating.
Google says it has "hidden a few British treats" in the device. the speaker and assistant launched in the us in November. it is part of a growing trend to make artificial intelligence available in homes.
afusat saliu, 31, and daughters bassy, four, and Rashidat, two, from Leeds, were due to leave on a virgin Atlantic flight to Lagos at 22:20 BST on Thursday. the home office would not confirm whether deportation had been delayed.
a disciplinary meeting took the decision to expel Henry Reilly from UKIP. Reilly was suspended from the party in September after a meeting with a journalist. the newry councillor was a candidate in last year's european elections.
police believe the attack was connected to a dispute between the Hutch and Kinahan groups. his partner and three children, aged five, seven and 10, were with him when the attack happened. they had travelled to Majorca on Saturday for a holiday for his 40th birthday.
zoo says it is hard to predict a specific date for any cub being born. this is the fifth time Tian Tian has been artificially inseminated. animal rights campaigners say the cub will never be introduced to the wild.
David McGoldrick puts Ipswich ahead in the first half. Freddie Sears doubles lead late on to make it 3-0. bartosz Bialkowski saves from Ryan Colclough and Alex Gilbey.
rugby league player ben flower sent off in grand final against st Helens. flower punched Lance hohaia to the ground before landing second blow to his face. the 26-year-old is banned until 14 April for 10 games and the world club series.
eu states are struggling to agree on how to deal with the crisis. a surprise announcement by prime minister viktor orban's chief of staff follows days of chaos. buses will be offered to those walking along the main motorway to Vienna.
Moses has not played a competitive game for Chelsea since Jose Mourinho returned as coach two years ago. the 24-year-old scored four goals in 23 appearances while on loan at Stoke last season. there were suggestions he could be part of a deal to take asmir Begovic to the
coventry beat millwall 2-0 at st. mary's stadium. Byron webster heads home from a corner. shaun Williams sent off for Millwall after headbutting ruben lameiras. John Fleck and Marcus Tudgay score
the conservatives claim council spending on education is at its lowest level for six years. they said councils spent £4.67 billion between them last year - down £140m on the previous year. the Scottish government said the figures being quoted were "inaccurate and misleading"
prosecutors conceded there had been a miscarriage of justice over the coercion charge. appeal judges also agreed that a jury was misdirected over charges relating to the footage sent to relatives. clive weatherhogg was jailed last may after being found guilty by
military ceremony held at the war memorial gardens at islandbridge. a military service was also held on the mall in cork. ceremony in Dublin began at the time the battle started 100 years ago.
the fixture is the first time either side has played overseas during the regular season. the first regular-season game to be staged in the UK was the new jersey nets' 116-103 success over the Raptors in march 2011.
'our 'Jimmy' was born in 1959 in Liverpool to parents Robert and Margaret Hennessy. he enjoyed fishing with our dad and racing homing pigeons with my dad. at the age of 11, he went to see death school in lon
Grimsby Town beat mansfield town 3-1 at Blundell park on saturday. a Calum Dyson double and a goal from Chris Clements sealed the win. the win is the home side's first in five league games.
al-Shabab has been fighting the government for control of Somalia for nearly a decade. the new president announced an amnesty for fighters who gave themselves up. he also announced a major shakeup in the country's security services.
a JCB spokesperson confirmed that the company had ended its membership of the CBI. sky news had earlier reported that it was due to the group's response to the referendum outcome. the company's chairman, Lord Bamford, was a prominent supporter of the referendum campaign.
the demonstration came after the deaths of several helpers in recent months. they also called for a pay rise, a limit on working hours and better accommodation. at least four other helpers are reported to have died this year from work accidents or suicide.
england beat australia by two wickets at headingley. captain chris jordan top-scored with 92 off 92 balls. james Taylor and ben stokes both scored 41 apiece.
Walsall had the better chances as Lee Gregory volleyed over and Steve Morison headed Shane Ferguson's cross wide. Aiden O'Brien fired over from long range as millwall closed the gap on the play-offs to four points.
O'Driscoll will leave his post as manager of england at the end of the season. the 58-year-old has managed Bournemouth, doncaster, crawley and birmingham. talks are ongoing over a third new coach for the
president Trump has dismissed the country's top lawyer, acting attorney general Sally yates. families separated by the ban share their stories. "this is very demoralizing. it's like I am trapped in a big prison," says one.
home affairs committee says insufficient numbers of officers were initially deployed. report says flooding the streets with police was what ultimately quelled the disorder. "with the benefit of hindsight, we regard the operation to police the disorder as flawed"
online influence conference 2015 is taking place in london. cnn asked some of those taking part for their thoughts on what's going on. marketing on social media - is it about big bucks or can even the smallest business do it well?
the public vote, which is called a referendum, will happen on Thursday 23 June 2016. the referendum is a vote in which all adults can take part, normally giving a "Yes" or "No" answer to a question. for the 40 years that the UK has been a member
a holdall containing £237,000 was found stuffed around the homes of the Masciopintos. his estranged wife, Giulia, 37, has been jailed for nine months. her mother, caterina de filippo, 58, and
knotweed was imported to the uk to help hide railway embankments. its presence can cut a property's value by up to 20%, or prevent a mortgage lender approving a loan. the plant can crack tarmac, block drains, undermine foundations and invade homes
poole borough council plans to put charges up by 10% in 2017 and by 5% every year until 2020. almost 1,400 names are on the waiting list for hiring its 1,100 seaside huts annually. prospective beach hut tenants could face a minimum wait of up to 18 years.
stormy weather in the area has seen waves topping 15m (50ft) more than 300 oil workers were airlifted from the Norwegian sector of the north sea. a man died when a wave hit another rig earlier in the Troll field off Norway.
last year, the UK exported a whopping £245m worth of chocolate, up by almost a quarter on 2015. exports of unfilled chocolates and chocolate products, which include Easter eggs, totalled just over £30m, up 3% on 2015.
council's licensing and gambling committee blocked a plan to introduce an annual charge for any establishment staying open after midnight. the committee said the net income generated by the plan would be unlikely to produce "significant improvements" some bars and clubs in Liverpool had opposed the levy and pub chain JD whetherspo
the bombing took place in the Afghan city of Kunduz. the us has said it was a mistake and was attempting to strike the Taliban. a number of inquiries have been ordered.
british number one shauna shuker and frenchman Stephane houdet win mixed doubles. they defeated alfie hewett and danica mathewson 6-3 7-5 at the British open. swiss number one li n
Nobel committee praises president for peace deal signed with farc rebels. award did not include farc leader rodrigo Londono, known as Timochenko. about 260,000 people have been killed and more than six million internally displaced in Colombia.
tries from Lewis Tierney, Grant millington and John bateman secure victory for wigan. castleford suffer fourth defeat in a row at the DW stadium. wigan climb to third in the table.
John McGinn opened the scoring for the hosts with a superb free-kick. Stevie mallan pulled one back for the visitors before half-time. Anthony Stokes played the final 20 minutes and scored a late third.
Wilson joined championship side forest from Celtic for £2.5m in 2013. the 30-year-old made 51 appearances in his second spell at the city ground. he has also previously had spells with notts county and Preston north end.
Indian-origin people fled the country following a military coup in the 1960s. large-scale migration took place during the 19th and early 20th centuries. many decided to return to their homeland by land.
2.87 million people are in "distressed" relationships, according to a new report. constant bickering could have a "far-reaching" impact on children. children who grow up with conflicted parents are more likely to have mental health problems.
the national audit office has been looking into why the project was axed. it found a failure by the government's energy department to agree the long term costs. the Treasury pulled its pledged £1bn in capital funding in late 2015.
Galileo has the potential to offer accuracy up to a few centimetres. it could have a profound effect on how we live our lives. driverless cars, more flexible charging systems on toll motorways and ships could benefit.
Lindsay Rimer, 13, was found in the Rochdale canal five months after she disappeared. despite extensive police inquiries, her killer has never been found. not knowing what happened to her little sister had been a "life sentence" for their family.
the post violates facebook's community standards. it comes after a series of paramilitary-style attacks in the Turf Lodge area. the PSNI said they were not linking the post to recent shootings at this stage.
Gillingham are in the relegation zone following a run of one win in 12 games. manager peter Taylor says he would like more time at the club. the 61-year-old says injuries have played a part in their struggles so far this season.
real madrid forward bale heads vital goal as Wales win 1-0 in Cyprus. bale's header gave Wales a 1-0 victory and keeps them top of group b. top two qualify for the finals of the world cup in france.
more than a billion people speak Mandarin in the world. the prime minister believes learning the language will help Britain do more business with china.
sepsis is triggered by infections and causes around 37,000 deaths a year in the uk. Intensive care society has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the disease. there is inadequate recording of cases by hospitals and insufficient knowledge of steps to recognise and treat it early.
Derbyshire wildlife trust took legal action after council approved cycle track. trust said the development would damage the habitat of rare birds. an interim order to stop work was issued last week. judicial review must take place within the next three months.
new hospital will have 30 inpatient beds, a midwifery-led maternity unit and a minor injury unit. the current hospital was built in 1813, but it has become cramped and outdated. in the past five years, three out of Somerset's 13 community hospitals have been
the 80 signatories include leading figures in the Asian hospitality industry. they criticise the pm for a lack of ambition in his EU reform demands. the letter was published by the vote leave campaign.
Ms cooper said the party appeared "to be polarising" between "different extremes" but Mr Corbyn pledged to use the backing of party members to force party MPs to support his agenda if elected. the new leader will be announced on 12 September.
pop star Katy Perry will make her debut at the festival, following a clutch of politically-charged performances at this year's Grammys and Brit Awards. Grime will feature prominently, with stormzy, Kano and Wiley all playing. Barry Gibb follows in the footsteps of do
lenticular clouds and rainbow spotted in north east of scotland. weather presenter Judith ralston said they were lens-shaped. one twitter user said: "ufo or not those pics are fantastic!"
a statue celebrating his footballing career will be erected at watford's Vicarage road ground. a pre-season tribute fixture in Taylor's memory is also being planned. the exact location of the statue and details of its design have not yet decided.
Pirates fail to score a point in the second half as three yellow cards are shown. captain steve Davies says ill-discipline "came back to haunt us" captains Evans and on-loan Exeter scrum-half Stu townsend scored tries for
Omar Bogle opened the scoring for Grimsby with a deflected free-kick. he doubled the lead 10 minutes before the interval when a mistake by Harry Taylor allowed Bogle to run free. the Bees got themselves back into the game in the 50th minute
the 29-year-old argentine failed to score in eight sunderland appearances. the fee has been reported in argentina to be around £2.1m.
the mood in Brussels is resentful and despondent, while governments across Europe are scared. the EU is preparing to get tough with Britain over the terms and timing of a new trade relationship. but there are divisions here too that threaten to drive the EU even further apart.
the 10km stretch of elevated track has seven stations and connects Alandur to Koyambedu. the construction is part of a proposed 45km (27-mile) network which is due to be completed by 2015. Chennai is the sixth Indian city to have the metro after Delhi, Kolkata,
fuel pods were left at the junction of cumsons road and Tullygeasy road. the waste will be removed with no harm to the environment. councillor: "this problem is now of epidemic proportion within the south armagh area"
Joe root, Alex Hales, Moeen Ali and mark wood also return for the tie with Pakistan. liam Dawson, Chris woakes, james vince and dawid malan all miss out. ben Stokes missed the tie against Sri Lanka but has figured in
opener Stuart Thompson hits 56, while Gary Wilson (41 no) and captain William Porterfield (39) add valuable runs. Samiullah shenwari (56) and mohammad shahzad (47) help the Afghans to 171-4 with two overs to spare. the
Scott Kelly and Kjell Lindgren had to grease the station's big robot arm, re-route some cables and remove some insulation. spacewalk had to be delayed after Lindgren switched on the water flow in his suit too soon.
four red kites have died in the past two months after being shot. another was found shot but released back into the wild after being treated by vets. police are concerned by the "unusually high" number of recent attacks on red kits.
Peter Ward, 54, and Richard hiley, 30, were sentenced at Birmingham crown court. the pair pleaded guilty to possession, supply and importation of class A and class B drugs. they were arrested by national crime agency officers in barnstaple in 2013.
former captain Brian O'Driscoll starts for Ireland against new zealand. centre has been a doubt with a calf problem. fly-half sexton limped out of australia defeat with hamstring injury.
the FTSE 100 had gained 0.97%, or 64.57 points, to end at 6,737.95. the euro fell 1.19% against the dollar to buy $1.1024, and tumbled 1.18% against the pound to buy 71p.
Margaret thatcher died peacefully, aged 87, on Monday the 8th of April 2013. she was given a ceremonial funeral with full military honours on 17 April. under her rule, the City of London became one of the world's most successful centres for business.
the missiles could be used to counter any future foreign military intervention, officials say. some 1.5 million people have fled the conflict, says the UN refugee agency. Syria's national production has dropped by 40% and the number of people living below the poverty line has risen.
online bookings for his "dismaland" exhibition were suspended last week. many users reported issues when sales resumed earlier - prompting claims the problems were deliberate. a spokeswoman for Banksy insisted the rumours were untrue.
labour suffered heavy losses at the hands of the tories in the general election. shadow chancellor Ed balls was among the party's big-name casualties. deputy leader Harriet Harman will be interim leader of the party.
seven-month-old Meereen died on monday after ingesting antifreeze. three other cats in the area have died in the last seven days. an RSPCA spokesman said it was unclear whether the poisonings were accidental.
ex-sharks scrum-half suing club for alleged clinical negligence over concussion. ex-england star accuses club of putting medical staff and doctors in difficult situation. head injury assessment (HIA) introduced in 2014 to determine whether players are fit to
seven retailers have been asked to declare they are not doing so within a week. the forest fires in Indonesia have deteriorated Singapore's air quality. APP has been named by Singapore authorities as one of the companies contributing to the haze.
president Chavez was due to be sworn in on 10 January for a fourth term. the supreme court ruled he could take the oath at a later date. vice-president said appearance was in accordance with the constitution.
justices say they will hear cases from gay and lesbian plaintiffs in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee. court previously struck down a law preventing federal recognition of marriages in states allowing same-sex unions.
the score rises and falls dependent on the words used to describe England. confidence was measured at 38 after the 2-2 draw with Ecuador on 4 June. the current rating is 70, going into the game in manaus, according to the index.
the Richmond Park and north kingston MP won 70% of the 9,227 votes cast. his main rival is likely to be labour's Sadiq Khan, who beat a number of current MPs. he balloted his constituents earlier this year to seek permission to stand.
Paula Palmer said jewellery given to her by husband Dennis on their wedding day was stolen. she believes the thieves knew where the occupants of the house were when the break-in happened. the thieves also took the keys to Mrs Palmer's grey Kia ce'ed car.
the 19-year-old nephew of trainer willie Mullins rides the 33-1 chance to victory. rule the world, who has twice broken his pelvis, triumphs by six lengths. retained jockey Bryan cooper opts to ride the winner's stable-mate First Lieutenant.
Ian McCann, head of rosewood primary school in burnley, missed the final week of term. the 58-year-old handed in a sick note after governors declined his request for absence outside school holidays. he will now have to face the school's board of governors
Hamilton says the 'halo' device is "too drastic" and the "worst-looking" modification in formula 1 history. his son Henry Surtees died during a 2009 race after being struck on the head by a stray tyre.
aircraft beams will assess the effect of rising sea levels and storms on locations. the mapping will also create "stunning" animations as part of the first 3D data. project will assess damage done to archaeology and heritage sites by coastal erosion.
we welcome your comments, stories, pictures and feedback on our output. we will presume that we may quote what you say, unless you ask us not to. text a radio show: 81333, and start your message with the word "BBC"
former midfielder dunn says he is looking forward to learning at blackburn. the 36-year-old was sacked from his first managerial post at league one club oldham in January. blackburn boss Paul Lambert has called for a winter break in english football.
Grammys started in 1959 as a way to honour those who produced great music. now there are only 83 different categories for awards. the name Grammy is actually short for gramophone, which is a machine invented in the 19th century.
Pernod Ricard is the second biggest distiller of Scotch after diageo. it reported that Jameson's, the biggest-selling Irish whiskey, continued to be the star performer among its premium brands. the company said the Chinese market "remains challenging for Scot
News corp reported strong performances at its book publisher Harper Collins and its digital estate agency division. the group got more than half its revenue from outside the US. a reduction in the value of print-related fixed assets at the firm's australian newspaper business hurt income.
regional papers are devoting their front pages to a staunch defence of china's claim over the disputed waters. many feature maps that depict disputed islands in the south china sea as belonging to china. this concerted propaganda effort will have considerable clout.
coroner says Rohan Rhodes should have had blood tests on three occasions. inquest hears there were "lost opportunities" to give him earlier medical care. baby was born 15 weeks early at singleton hospital in Swansea in august 2012. transferred to St Michael's
the Colin Bloomfield Melanoma Appeal was launched in february. it aims to raise awareness of skin cancer and educate children in schools about sun safety. the target was reached on monday after the freemasons in Derby donated £10,000.
Gary Nixon, 44, admitted obtaining property by deception at bridgend magistrates. he advertised tickets online for the Sweden v England match in germany. but two victims from Ogmore Vale, bridgend county, received nothing.
a 40-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder. police increased their presence in the area "to provide reassurance" the boy was said to be of primary school age.
court of appeal hears student did not realise he was dangling from war memorial. 21-year-old was jailed for 16 months for violent disorder in july. court heard he had turned to drink and drugs after being rejected by his biological father.
Zack Davies, 26, of Mold, convicted of attempted murder. judge said he had developed "extreme racist views" victim, 25-year-old dentist, said Davies was a "coward"
as many as 10 suicide bombers carried out the attacks, reportedly targeting security forces and allied Shia Muslim militias. in the deadliest attack, at least 14 people were killed when a bomber blew himself up in a restaurant. the Islamic state (IS) group said it was
a maximum of 3,200 people will be allowed to travel through Austria. the country has become a major transit route for migrants seeking to claim asylum in germany. the migrant flux is expected to intensify in coming months as weather conditions improve.
MLS commissioner don garber said Miami Beckham united's bid plans were "impressive" the MLS board has said it supports expansion of the league to 28 clubs. the league's current plans are to expand from 20 to 24 teams by 2020.
actress said director "threw himself" on top of her in the back of his limousine and tried to kiss her. 86-year-old made the claims in her autobiography, Tippi: A Memoir. actress said she didn't tell anyone because "sexual harassment and stalking
doctors in india say she is suffering from a "cardiac issue" and infected bed sores. doctors in the united arab emirates say she has several health conditions. the hospital strongly denied the allegations made by her sister.
the video was filmed around 1933 and shows the queen playing with a dog. the Queen Mother raises her arm like a Nazi salute and the queen copies her.
"i'm hoping I can do a similar thing," says the 2008 world champion. the englishman has finished second to his rival in two of the last three races. 80,000 spectators are expected to attend practice on friday.
November to January were the wettest three months since records began in 1910. storm desmond caused an estimated insurance bill of more than £1.3bn. major storms "Abigail", "Frank" and "Gertrude" also hit the UK last winter.
voters in bassetlaw district council take to the polls to elect a third of the council. labour currently has an overwhelming majority but biggest fear is UKIP. the conservative group is hoping to increase its share and go someway to returning to its only period in power.
eighth seed wawrinka beats world no. 1 djokovic 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 at Roland garros. victory ends serb's 28-match winning streak as he claims second grand slam title. he will have to wait another 12 months
Durham were dismissed for 156 in reply, with Yorkshire 10-0 at the close of the match. sidebottom took three of the last four wickets, including Ryan Pringle for 40. Yorkshire went into the game with a 34-point lead over warwickshire.
Taylor was injured after falling awkwardly in the first half at the liberty stadium. the 23-year-old's foot was trapped underneath him as he fell to the ground. he underwent surgery on multiple fractures but is expected to make a full recovery.
hand-picked committee divided on whether low-harm substances should be included. some members of the panel insisted on writing in what became known as the "safety-valve" clause. lib dem home affairs spokesman Lord Paddick has made it clear his party will oppose
fans threw flares and ripped up parts of the Mohammed V stadium. 31 people were arrested for "acts of vandalism" the club has been banned from the next five home matches.
president Robert Mugabe has dealt ruthlessly with his political rivals. vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa is the man who could be king. but what of Grace Mugabe, his second wife and the country's first lady?
23-year-old midfielder windass scored in Rangers' 2-0 friendly win at Sheffield Wednesday. he scored once in 27 games for Accrington before moving to ibrox in 2016. midfielders has scored in closed door friendly matches this summer.
rocket lab's first test launch from new zealand. company plans to start frequent commercial launches later this year. rockets will carry small satellites and other payloads.
health boards paid more than £20m in overtime and additional pay to some doctors in 2015/16. the bma said there were not enough consultants. but health secretary said overtime was a "tiny percentage" of overall spend.
researchers have come up with a new exercise that cuts the risk of kids getting hurt when playing rugby. exercise could now be introduced in schools.
more than a dozen people were killed when it erupted in 2014. rescue teams are still scouring the area, looking for more victims. the 2,460-metre tall volcano is among the country's most active.
Paul Austin voted to leave the eu in the 2016 referendum. he says he wants limited immigration, not a ban, because he feels it's uncontrolled. however, he has now started to back-pedal on how he thinks about things.
the 26-year-old served a provisional 30-day suspension after testing positive for a 'fat burner' in march. centre-back Sakho admitted taking the substance, but it was not banned. he was eligible for selection for his country for Euro 2016 but was left out of the
these are five seats which could reflect major shifts in the electorate in this year's snap poll. the main battlegrounds this year are areas that have been mainly labour since the late 1980s. if the swing away from labour in the opinion polls makes that a tougher
about 255,230 pupils are registered for free school meals in Scotland. the government said it was "taking steps" to measure food insecurity. Mr Adamson paid tribute to charities such as the Trussell trust.
coroner records conclusion the 14-year-old had taken her own life by hanging. inquest heard she had been suffering from low moods and was self-harming. she was referred to CAMHS but did not meet criteria for specialist support. after being seen twice by CAM
Avon and Somerset police wants to raise the cost of the course from £80 to £95. the alliance of British drivers said the police should not be funded by people "who hadn't done much wrong" police and crime commissioner Sue mountstevens said she would not comment on the proposal.
at least 24 cadets reported to have been left unconscious because pillows were stuffed with hard objects. west point academy said the fight was designed to build "espirit de corps" video of the fight posted online shows crowds yelling together in a central quad.
pastor and politician Marco Feliciano has been accused of racism and homophobia. he was the only candidate for the post of president of the human rights and minority commission. his views on homosexuality and people of african descent emerged on social networks. protests have repeatedly disrupted the commission
batmobile was based on a 1955 Lincoln futura, a concept car built in italy. car-customiser George Barris spent $15,000 to transform it into the famous superhero vehicle. Adam west, now 84, played the caped crusader in 120 episodes in four
immigration bill expected to become law in spring 2014, subject to approval by MPs. bill would force landlords to quiz tenants about immigration status. aims to streamline appeals process in immigration cases.
Marine le Pen is the leader of the far-right national front party in france. the party first emerged in the 1980s as a mainly anti-immigration group. under le Pen, the drive to capture far-left votes has been extended to moderate socialists.
world number one selby beats irishman o'brien 8-0 in first round. he will now face either Wales' Ryan day or china's xiao guodong. serbian has now lost six successive matches against englishman.
Norman Rimmington, also known as "Rimmo", signed with barnsley in 1945, earning £3 a week as a goalkeeper. he worked for the football club in many roles after he hung up his gloves, including coach, assistant manager, groundsman, physio and
customers affected by new IT system in march last year. direct debits blocked and lengthy waits for new customers. ofgem got involved after complaints levels were running 50% higher.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with team-mate Kimi Raikkonen on lap one. the incident damaged both cars, with the Finn fighting back to fifth behind the red bulls. no driver who has won the first three races of a season has failed to go
mark russe, 27, pleaded not guilty to manslaughter at Carlisle crown court. he was given conditional bail ahead of trial on 14 march. judge said one of the conditions is that he does not enter Windermere or Bowness-on-Windermer
city striker mario balotelli agrees four-and-a-half-year deal with AC milan. the 22-year-old completed a medical at the san siro on wednesday. he helped city to the premier league title last season, but
u.s. regulators found that software in several diesel cars could deceive regulators. EPA found the "defeat device" in diesel cars including the Audi A3 and the VW Jetta, Beetle, Golf and Passat models. VW faces fines that could add
the 31-year-old began his career at ayrshire club, killie. he returned to the club in 2013 and made 38 appearances last season. the striker lost his starting place to summer signing Jamie macDonald.
the couple married in the tennis star's hometown of Dunblane in April. it is understood that 27-year-old Kim has recently had her 12-week scan. the baby is expected to be born in february.
toulon president mourad Boudjellal has emailed premiership bosses proposing the move from the Top 14. a spokesman said they would consider the move, which would give the Premiership "huge added value" any switch would require the approval of the french rugby
a metal box about the size of a shoe box was discovered buried deep inside part of Ruthven road bridge near Kingussie in the Cairngorms. in the box was a folded newspaper from September 1894, a paper scroll and the bottle. the items have been
virtual reality usually involves putting on some glasses that contain video screens. glasses give you the impression you're in a totally different world. the impression changes as you look around the room.
"divorced because of fat face" quickly became a top trend on microblogging network weibo. the 49-year-old woman claimed her husband divorced her 10 years ago because he disliked the shape of her face. she said it spurred her to undergo facial
the status of Jerusalem is one of the most sensitive and complex issues of the conflict. the Vatican recognised Palestinian statehood a year and a half ago. relations between the Holy See and Palestinian territories were upgraded in 2015.
the teenager was also charged in connection with a dishonesty offence. he is the second to be charged with the Dalkeith incident. the incident took place on farmland.
the Swansea university-backed award will go to the best published literary work in english, written by an author aged 39 or under. chair of the judges Prof dai smith called the works "eye-catching, eclectic and totally energising"
the latest protests are a reaction to him sacking two finance ministers last week. protesters are using the hashtag #ZumaMustFall on social media. this comes on top of claims of widespread corruption and student protests.
ex-lib dem and ex-wife both jailed after she took his speeding points in 2003. 360 former MPs were granted passes for the Parliamentary estate. labour MP John Mann said Huhne should not have been given the pass.
radioactive cooling water was mistakenly discharged into a submarine reactor compartment. the ONR said five other incidents broke safety rules between October and December last year. contractor Babcock said safety was its "highest priority"
Robert amoroso, 64, was found not-guilty of two counts of sexual activity. he lived in Clifton from 1979 to 2013, the period of the alleged offences. on Wednesday he was cleared of 14 other charges, including indecent assaults.
more than 7,000 classrooms around the world already use Minecraft in some form. to access the service, children and teachers each need their own Office 365 ID. Microsoft intends to charge an annual fee of $5 for each teacher and child.
O'Neill and keane agree new deals with the football association of Ireland (FAI) the duo's Irish side begin their Euro 2016 campaign against Sweden on monday. former manchester united star Keane has made no secret of his desire to return to club management at some stage
Fabio da Silva is closing in on a return to the premier league with promoted middlesbrough. the defender could be followed out of the exit door if acceptable bids are made. manager steve trollope says he has spoken with defender Jazz Richards.
the uk is due to hold a referendum on whether or not to stay in the european union, before the end of 2017. in an interview with newsnight, Ross McEwan said he would like the referendum to be held as early as possible, ideally in June. he added that
theresa may may find it a challenge to please some of the people, even in her own party. if some of her own MPs don't like the size of any proposed financial settlement, they might suggest it's better to walk away with no deal. with the EU refusing
the attack happened in a lane between great western road and the Auchentoshan estate. three of the victims were 15 and two were left with life-threatening injuries. the other victim was 18.
fire crews tackled the blaze throughout the night at the former white hart pub. they were called to the premises in the village at about 19:30 GMT on saturday. a joint investigation with police is now underway to establish how the fire was started, and who was responsible.
half of Welsh universities have seen an increase in the number of plagiarism cases being investigated in the past five years. the quality Assurance agency said the sites were not illegal. it is believed there are about 1,000 websites which offer students a bespoke academic essay in return for payment.
haseeb hamayoon, yousaf syed, and nadir siyed deny plotting terror attack in uk. prosecutors say the trio plotted an attack using a Rambo-style knife. the images allegedly show the back of the
concerns the poles are too large and bids for planning permission have been submitted. the us presidential candidate's resort has been a focus for local protest.
IS fighters, once visible in Mosul, have disappeared from the city, say academics. the IS leadership in the city is also described as "melting away" one source says that "daesh used the university to store some weapons"
xherdan shaqiri's cross was punched by keeper thibaut courtois to diouf. the chelsea striker headed home from 20 yards out to give the blues the lead. jose mourinho's side
Kenneth David Dickie, 64, was found with a serious head injury at the rockley park site in poole on Sunday 8 may. a 34-year-old man from Poole appeared before magistrates on 10 may charged with causing grievous bodily harm.
Wickerman festival takes place at east Kirkcarswell farm near Dundrennan on 25 and 26 july. dizzee Rascal will headline the opening night in his only appearance of the year. other acts include Martha reeves and the Vandellas, the
a total of 112 high street banks have closed their doors since July 2015. a further 33 are due to close their doors within the coming months. the research covered bank of Scotland, barclays, clydesdale and TSB-branded banks.
new rules created by the financial stability board (fsb), a global monitoring body. FSB chairman mark carney said it had been "totally unfair" for taxpayers to bail out banks after the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009. new rules require "global systemically important banks
second-quarter GDP grew faster than expected, up from 0.4% growth in previous quarter. any uncertainty ahead of last month's referendum seemed "limited", ONS said. biggest upturn in industrial output since 1999, particularly from car factories and pharmaceutical firms.
Gwen Thomson, 51, from Torry, died after the accident on market street. the 60-year-old male lorry driver was uninjured.
the Shanghai composite benchmark ended 2.2% higher at 4,121.71. the index crossed the 4,000 mark for the first time since 2008 on Friday. china's monthly trade surplus has shrunk to its smallest in 13 months.
new 500 and 2,000 rupee denomination notes will be issued to replace those removed from circulation. people will be able to exchange their old notes for new ones at banks over the next 50 days. move designed to lock out money that is unaccounted for - known as "black money"
woman in her 20s pushed to the ground and assaulted by a man on a bike. attacker is described as white and in his late 20s or early 30s. police believe it could be linked to two attempted sexual assaults on women.
WBC cruiserweight champion bellew, 34, will fight at heavyweight for the first time. former heavyweight champion haye, 36, threw a punch at Bellew at a media gathering. trainer Dave coldwell, Bellew's trainer, questioned if shoulder
the two men in their 40s went missing on Tuesday as they climbed the 4,248-metre mont blanc du tacul. reports say they had taken the difficult "devil's ridge" route.
the feature, available in the new 2016 Chevy malibu, does things like mute the radio if the driver's not wearing a seat belt. a key fob can also be used to set a speed limit between 40 and 75mph. parents can see a report of
footprints from 247 to 248 million years ago were found in the Pyrenees mountains. most tracks were made by the ancestors of crocodiles and dinosaurs. researchers think archosauromorphs dominated the river beds of the ancient Py
businessman has been at the helm at the St Lawrence Ground since 2008. last year he clashed with the ECB when his side were overlooked for promotion. under his reign, the club recorded a £1m improvement in its finances.
air india says it has banned the MP from all flights operated by the federation of Indian airlines. MP Ravindra gaikwad said he "hit him 25 times with my sandal" for "arrogance" the incident happened after the duty manager was called after the plane landed
how did this massacre happen? and what are its lasting effects? in less than two minutes, myriam francois-cerrah explains. produced by: Mohamed madinah.
former mayor of london has changed his stance on a number of issues. he visited turkey in 2016 in search of a "jumbo trade deal" with the country. in 2008, he supported then-senator barack obama's bid to
researchers followed nearly 240,000 men for 35 years. overweight teenagers had twice the risk of bowel cancer. bowel cancer is the third most common cancer in the world.
former leader says party should aspire to govern, rather than be a "fringe protest movement" comments come amid divisions within the party over its future direction. he has been a vocal critic of leader Jeremy Corbyn, warning the party risked "annihilation
the privy at Brodsworth hall, near doncaster, south yorkshire, was originally built in the 1860s. in its heyday, its contents, dubbed "night soil", were emptied daily and spread on the gardens by staff. english heritage, which now runs
president hassan rouhani was re-elected in may 2017 with an emphatic margin of victory. he promised a moderate modern and outward looking Iran, in sharp contrast to his main rival Ebrahim Raisi, a hardline senior cleric and judge
Coleman senior died in 2014 after his son's first campaign in charge of Wales had ended. Coleman, 46, went on to lead Wales to a first major international tournament for 58 years. he even surpassed rivals english in reaching the quarter-final stages of Euro 2016.
the units in north Tyneside and northumberland have been shut since december. staff from the units have been moved to the recently-opened northumbria hospital. the trust said the impact on patients had been minimal.
after six months of Donald Trump in the white house, Russians are beginning to feel that their country enjoys considerable influence over the u.s. one fridge magnet in particular caught my eye. it looks just like a $100 bill but in place of the american founding father Benjamin Franklin, there is a portrait
workers spend on average 75 minutes a day travelling to and from work in London, compared nationally with 52.8 minutes, the TUC said. the study compares pre-recession travel times of 2006 with those of 2012 and found the average commute was the equivalent of five weeks a year.
a petition to the assembly wants it to be mandatory to scan microchips of all pets. RSPCA Cymru said it backed mandatory identification of pets killed on highways. petition has more than 160 signatures - at present, petitions need 10 names to be considered.
plans to put 3D printers into schools in the united kingdom and the united states. 'digital maker' movement aims to encourage young people to be creative with technology. there are now around 200 Fab Labs in more than 100 countries.
Mourinho is halfway through a four-year deal at stamford bridge. the 52-year-old won consecutive premier league titles during his first spell at the club. further talks are expected in the coming weeks with the club and the Portuguese keen on a long-term option.
Brantano employs about 2,000 staff in 140 stores and 60 concessions across the uk. administrators from PwC are now running the Leicestershire-based business. they said it would trade normally while they sought a buyer.
Kathleen and Jimmy Cuddihy, who were in their 70s, were found dead just outside carndonagh on 22 October 2014. their son, Julian, appeared at Dublin's central criminal court on Tuesday. the court heard he admitted killing his parents but the jury must decide his
wolfsburg beat borussia dortmund 3-2 to win their first german cup. dieter hecking's side finish second in the league after a tough campaign. aubameyang, de bruyne and dost all score for the visitors.
seren Bernard, 14, took her own life while living with foster carers in 2012. a serious case review was published in 2014, but she was only given a summary. the council said it could not disclose the full report based on "clear legal advice"
an early build of the new android OS has been released for app developers to test. Google said it released the beta software earlier than usual so that device manufacturers could get the finished version sooner. at the moment, fewer than 3% of android phones run the latest OS, Marshmallow.
the musicians could not reach a decision on a replacement for sir simon rattle. board member Peter Riegelbauer said they would try again "within a year" the orchestra's 123 members met in a south-west Berlin church on monday.
St Peter's end 25-year wait for a leinster senior crown with 1-8 to 0-5 at half-time. wexford school will contest the Hogan decider for the first time in their history. they will take on reigning champions St Brendan's of
Waddock leaves his job as assistant first-team coach at barnet to join aldershot. the 54-year-old replaces Barry Smith, who left the club at the end of the season. he led the Shots into the football league in 2008 with a then record points total
cap on variable tariffs would be an upper limit on what suppliers could charge. it would follow the model introduced for the 16% of households that use pre-payment meters. the cap would vary in different parts of the country and be re-set every six months.
this summer's games will have a lot to live up to after London hosted an amazing event in 2012.
the 40-year-old was found "in a distressed state" with wounds to his groin. the road from greystones roundabout to church lane in middlesbrough reopened. a man, 22, was arrested on suspicion of assault and later bailed
centre-left candidate Daniel Scioli just edges centre-right Buenos aires mayor Mauricio Macri. run-off on 22 November will be the first time an argentine election will be decided by a second round. to win outright in the first round, a candidate
UKIP is campaigning on multiple fronts as it seeks to become the only party to get people elected to the national assembly of Wales, the Scottish Parliament and the northern ireland assembly. it is "50-50" whether the party would gain representation in the Scottish parliament for the first time.
the 1937 arrivals building has already lost two floors due to safety concerns. the building has been called "unsafe" by airport bosses. save Jersey's heritage says plans would be a loss to the island.
the 22-year-old spent last season on loan at southend and luton. he scored nine goals in a combined 43 matches in league one and league two. the striker also scored for the Shrimpers in the fourth-tier play-off final victory over Wycomb
city council leader lib dem Simon cook will tell a conference an arena is a crucial part of the zone. he stressed although it was early days potential operators believe its size would attract many good quality shows. it is believed the arena would cost up to £80m to build, some
1,200 members of the security forces are chasing the elusive gang leader. that is more than double the 500 who hunted Pablo Escobar, the drug lord. Otoniel runs the Usuga clan, a drug gang that extends across the country
the hole was caused by heavy rain washing away a drain running under part of Traigh golf course, near mallaig. a photograph that appeared in the media showed a dog at the bottom of the hole. the owners of the course have now offered to pay for the repairs.
like-for-like sales grew 1% in the year to 28 february. full year pre-tax profit fell from £202m to £145m. but operating profit figure exceeded Tesco's £1.2bn target.
Oliver could make his debut at york on saturday. the 23-year-old left his hometown club in 2012.
russian foreign ministry acted against waclaw radziwinowicz because Poland expelled a Russian journalist. in a message on facebook, the ministry addressed the cat, marusia, saying: "don't worry... we'll look after you". but rad
UN team conducted interviews remotely because requests for access went unanswered by the Venezuelan authorities. witnesses told the UN that the security forces had fired tear gas and buckshot without warning. estimates suggest more than 5,000 people had been arbitrarily detained between 1 April and 31 July.
Surrey has leased all the time on the satellites to 21st Century aerospace technology. 21AT refers to the trio as the TripleSat Constellation and will be using them primarily to survey Chinese territory. new constellation is the most capable yet to come out of SSTL,
Howard Francis, 92, was shot in the shoulder near Rouen on 27 august 1944. he received a letter which said he would be awarded the Legion d'honneur. after he was taken ill two weeks ago, his family chased his up.
the 24-year-old was under contract with the stags. he spent the first half of the season on loan at crawley. the ex-Burton player will officially join on 1 January.
former public services minister leighton Andrews had been planning to cut the 22 councils to eight or nine. but first minister carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government will have to rethink its plans. trade unions representing council workers have asked for urgent talks on the issue.
the 30-year-old was sent off after 20 minutes of the exiles' 45-14 loss to bath. wasps prop lorenzo cittadini has been given a one-week ban.
Iran's most popular messaging app is Berlin-based service Telegram. Messages shared via Telegram are encrypted and can be seen by many users. campaign group privacy international described it as "extremely worrying" but said it could prove difficult to enforce.
Ainslie won his fourth career gold medal at the 2012 olympics. the british sailor will compete in the 34th America's cup in 2013. he will sail a catamaran under his new team, JP Morgan BAR
Microsoft has revealed details of a login system for the next version of windows. based around pictures a user stores on a touchscreen device. only when parts of an image are tapped or touched in the right order. experts said it might stop people using weak passwords but could lead to other
Darren Lee barton was assaulted outside the Rutland arms on Saturday. he was taken to the Diana princess of Wales hospital in Grimsby. but he died on Wednesday evening, police said.
the vote allows Japanese troops to fight overseas for the first time since the end of world war two 70 years ago. tensions between china and japan have escalated in recent months over a group of islands to which both lay claim. the government says the changes in defence policy are vital to meet new military
Chelsea surrendered a 2-0 half-time lead to draw 2-2 at home to Southampton. it was only the third time in 90 home matches in the premier league era. boos rang out at the final whistle for the third successive home game.
the 26-year-old from bready is expected to be sidelined for between six and eight weeks. "Craig will undergo more investigative tests on the injury to decide whether he will require surgery," said a Cricket Ireland spokesperson.
a young palaeontologist found the fossil in 2008, in the collections of doncaster museum and art gallery. he realised it was the 189-million-year-old remains of an ichthyosaur - an extinct marine reptile. further study
archibald won her third consecutive women's individual pursuit title. the 22-year-old won the pursuit quartet at the 2012 olympics in rio.
total number of fans attending Scottish professional football league games up to 4,267,467. it is the first time attendances have topped the four million mark since 2008-09. chief executive Neil doncaster says figures are "hugely encouraging"
the theatre, founded in 1875, will be used for theatrical performances, cinema screenings, comedy and live music. the BBC studios, at the eastern end of the Palace, will also be repaired and refurbished. if successful in raising funds it is hoped the theatre will reopen in
sinkhole opened up after heavy rain put pressure on the surface of the course. area is now out of bounds until it can be repaired.
Electoral commission says 38 MPs have highlighted people claiming to have voted twice. it said individual electoral registers run by councils should be better joined up. a record 46.8 million people were registered to vote in the 8 June election.
Flyers go into the final post-season place despite losing to fellow rookies force. championship winners Newcastle Eagles lose to Cheshire Phoenix and Leicester Riders. Glasgow rocks beat Surrey united, force and Plymouth raiders in three-way battle for fifth.
French visitors led 16-6 at half-time thanks to Francois van der Merwe's try. fly-half Dan Biggar kept Ospreys in touch by kicking four penalties. a late blistering break let centre matavesi go under the posts.
Bradley lowery was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013. more than £700,000 was raised to pay for treatment in the usa. but last week his mother gemma revealed his cancer had grown.
summer temperatures in Qatar can exceed 40C while those in November and December drop to around 25C. taskforce chief sheikh salman bin Ebrahim al-khalifa also recommended that the 2022 tournament should be shortened by a few days. there has already been speculation that the tournament could start
shares in barclays fell 0.9% after the us department of justice sued the bank for alleged mortgage securities fraud. data showed the economy grew faster than estimated in the third quarter.
BT launched the contest to mark the 80th anniversary of the telephone service. verity Giles, 37, hoped to become only the fifth person to give the time "at the third stroke" fellow finalist Alan Steadman, 69, from Dundee, won the competition.
Ventura, 68, most recently coached Serie A side Torino. his five-year tenure at the club came to an end in May. he will have a two-year deal until the end of the Russia 2018 world cup.
denise Fergus said she had been "let down so many times by the system" she said she believed Jon Venables was capable of harming other people. he was recalled to prison in 2010 after pleading guilty to downloading indecent images.
frenchman played 29 times for relegated leyton orient in 2016-17. the 27-year-old joined the o's from Portsmouth on an 18-month deal in 2016. he is the third close-season signing made by cheltenham boss Gary Johnson.
batsman was dropped in 2013 after playing nine Tests. recalled for last winter's series win in south africa. scored 245 runs at an average of 30 as england won series 2-1.
chancey luna, 16, and james edwards, 15, charged with first-degree murder. michael dewayne jones, 17, named as accessory to the crime. college baseball player Christopher Lane, 22, was shot in the back in the town of Duncan.
David walliams surprised 200 pupils at a school in west london. he gave some top tips for becoming a writer and read extracts from his books.
leigh halfpenny and rhys webb ruled out of rugby world cup. webb injured in final warm-up game against italy in Cardiff. full-back was voted man of the series when british and Irish lions beat australia.
Google has revealed the top 10 trending searches of the year. "Who is banksy?" and "what is ALS?" were the most popular searches. the death of peaches Geldof was the most searched for, followed by Robin Williams.
the mennaye ran in seven tries to finish second in pool three of the british & Irish cup. captain Chris Morgan, captain bar bartlett, Jake Parker, and Alex day also went over.
the 25-year-old suffers debilitating fatigue and painful muscles caused by chronic fatigue syndrome. she is working with a physiotherapist in her bid to walk again. the couple plan to marry next year and said the wedding would be a "dream come true"
resolution passed after the us refused to veto it, breaking with long-standing american practice. about 500,000 Jews live in about 140 settlements built since 1967 occupation of west bank and east Jerusalem. the issue is one of the most contentious between Israel and the Palestinians.
Lithuania violated an article on free elections in the european convention on human rights. president paksas was impeached and removed from office in 2004. he is now a Euro MP in Strasbourg.
arsenal beat watford 3-0 in their premier league opener at the emirates. a santi cazorla penalty, an Alexis sanchez fumble and a Mesut ozil header gave the gunners the lead at half-time
up to 40mm (1.5in) could fall, with a yellow be aware warning in place until 22:00 BST. the warning covers carmarthenshire, pembrokeshire, powys, caerphilly, merthyr tydfil,
one mother has filmed the aftermath of her miscarriage for a documentary. Lisa Francesca Nand, from greenwich, has suffered five miscarries in total. the experience made her determined to share her story.
Cerberus bought the loan portfolio for £1.3bn in 2014. paid a £15m "success fee" to the law firm Brown Rudnick for work it had done on the portfolio. brown Rudnick claimed it could help certberus "position itself effectively with key stakeholders
Ross Docherty scored his first goal of the season for the pars. he headed over the line after a whirlwind start from the visitors. the result keeps ayr above st mirren, and moves them above dumbarton.
Jack McConnell served as first minister between 2001 and 2007. he continues to be a regular visitor to the east african country. his admission sparked a flurry of responses on social media.
inmate's body found in cell at HMP Elmley, on the island of sheppey. HMIP investigation said high-risk inmates were not being properly assessed. nine people died at the jail in 2014, four were apparent self-inflicted deaths.
posed as a senior court clerk and sent bail instructions to prison staff. his deception was uncovered when solicitors went to interview him three days later. pleaded guilty to eight counts of fraud and one count of escape from lawful custody.
chief executives of carmarthenshire and pembrokeshire given cash payments in lieu of employer pension contributions. audit finds both authorities had acted unlawfully in allowing the chief executives to opt out of the local government pension scheme. council says it is pleased the auditor did not rule its pension policy
motorist was stopped on the MI8 on his way to work, tweeted Humberside police. force said driver had not got an immediate ban but had been reported to courts. motorway runs from the M1 near Rotherham to the M62 near goole.
the UK has a population of 63.7 million, of which 5.3 million (8%) are non-british. just under 1.2 million UK nationals live elsewhere in the EU. of those 2.9 million EU nationals living in the UK, about 2.15 million are working.
the 78-year-old actress is famed for being part of the classic carry on... line up. she also became a household name to a new generation of viewers through her role as landlady peggy Mitchell in eastenders.
VR is being used as a tool by journalists, teachers, healthcare workers and retailers. the national autistic society made a VR film this summer to show people what it was like to live with autism. furniture retailer Ikea launched an app that placed users in a fully furnished kitchen.
at least 90% of final year students at Cardiff, Swansea and Bangor said they were happy with their university experience. Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan both scored 83% in the 11th national student survey. more than 300,000 people were surveyed at universities and colleges around
police arrest three suspected Islamist militants in raids on flats and offices. more than 100 women were assaulted during the carnival celebrations in cologne. gangs of drunken men - described as North African - targeted women.
it follows a BBC investigation into how assembly members use their expenses.
Mahalia hamid said she and her friends were told they "did not fit the criteria" for a night out. the 24-year-old had paid £300 to pre-book a VIP table through a promoter. a female member of staff gave the group their
almost half of fostered young people are already living with their third foster family. 750 more foster carers are "urgently" needed to meet the demands of the care system. more than 5,500 children are in foster care in Scotland.
the trio were returning to a family member's home when they caught the intruder. the thief has since been jailed for 27 months for burglary. Peter Mueller, 70, said his friends now call him "the three musketeers"
770,000 EU nationals living in the capital should be eligible for a visa. they contribute more than £26bn to London's gross value Added and pay £7bn in taxes a year. by 2020, London may have lost access to 160,000 migrant workers.
the 30-year-old defender has made 200 appearances for the Rams since joining in 2012. a republic of ireland international, he made two appearances at euro 2016.
unions say the action could affect all of diageo's 50 sites in Scotland. the dispute is over plans to move staff from a final salary pension scheme. both GMB Scotland and Unite members voted in favour of industrial action.
the train was suspended last week after two incidents in which passenger doors opened mid-journey. the refurbished trains are due to run on the Belfast to Dublin route from the end of February. Translink said that the suspension has been lifted after an investigation of the door mechanisms.
fatwas are issued regularly in Indonesia but usually by the Indonesian Ulema Council. clerics urged the government to raise the minimum legal age for women to marry. one in four women in Indonesia marries before the age of 18 according to unicef.
"there should be no baseball season this year," says former mlb player. baseball coach Alfredo Pedrique says it is a humanitarian issue, not a political one. the call comes days after Venezuela lost the right to host the 2018 Caribbean Series tournament.
foreign secretary says idea of the uk paying for tariff-free access to the EU's internal market is "pure speculation" critics say leaving the single market would be an "act of self-harm" negotiations on the terms of exit from the EU will not officially begin until the UK begins the Article 50
local authorities revoked the festival's licence early on Sunday morning. eight people were seriously injured by a lightning strike early on saturday. organisers said they regretted the decision but accepted it was necessary.
the new law will not apply to the youngest 2012 rapist. it will be used in future cases involving juvenile offenders above 16 years. the number of juvenile crimes has been increasing in india.
all were remanded in custody after a short hearing at Bristol Magistrates' Court. they all face a single charge of disposing or concealing Becky's body parts. her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, appeared in court earlier charged with her murder
casper read, 15, was travelling alone to grandparents in france. he was asked to leave the plane after a man was allocated the same seat. easyjet has apologised, offered compensation and is investigating.
Dawn Clements urged people to get vaccinated after death of footballer Jeff hall. the 79-year-old died at the end of last month, aged 79. charity head Ted hill commended her for helping shine a light on post-polio syndrome.
Nigel farage says he "owed it to the party to stay" on as leader of the party. he had said he would stand down after failing to win a seat in last week's general election. the party said there was "overwhelmingly evidence" that members did not want him
the 300-acre site was abandoned by UK coal 20 years ago. conservationists had argued the site should be left undisturbed. council leader said it was too dangerous to be left alone. authority has also given the go-ahead for a solar farm.
a judge ruled that the PSNI should not have facilitated illegal parades. the ruling was quashed after an appeal. there were widespread loyalist protests across northern ireland.
the charter for budget responsibility was unveiled by the government in december. it prompted a row between the tories and labour over their spending plans. Chancellor George Osborne said labour would create "a tax bombshell or a borrowing bombshell"
driver of the car, a 21-year-old man, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. he has been released on bail pending further inquiries, police say.
a review into the murder of Rhys Jones has been put on hold. it questioned whether his killer's risk to the public should have been reassessed. but the 36-year-old's family were initially blocked from reading it. plans to transfer management of such
the match was called off after an inspection at 12:25 BST. lancashire had trailed by 131 runs with one first-innings wicket left. both sides take 10 points from the game.
schools are being judged by new measures, which take greater account of pupil progress and their basic ability than raw results. the department for education says the measures present a clearer picture of how well schools are performing. head teachers say the results come amid a funding and recruitment crisis.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring, 71, was accused of painting the candy stripes to "get her own back" on neighbours who objected to her property plans. she wanted to demolish her house and replace it with a new dwelling and two-store
about half of the defence department's 800,000 civilian employees stopped work at the beginning of the shutdown. but on 5 October, the department said it would recall nearly all of these workers. the department of energy has said it can continue to operate without sending workers home.
dartmoor hill pony association says it has put forward the idea "reluctantly" the group claims numbers have dropped from about 30,000 at the beginning of the century to just 1,500 in 2011. it said demand had dropped for the ponies as pets because of the economic downturn.
oil-rich Venezuela has been hit hard by the global drop in oil prices. the country suffers from high inflation and a chronic shortage of basic goods. currency controls have made it impossible for airlines to convert earnings into dollars.
men from south yorkshire will appear at court in may. police said they have all been bailed. Daniel Raynor, 23, has been charged with four counts of causing death by dangerous driving.
one of the men robbing the shop was armed, police said. the gang carried out at least 380 armed robberies between 1999 and 2015. most of those arrested are from eastern Europe.
Rochdale beat Scunthorpe united 3-2 in their premier league clash. the Iron scored twice in the last 10 minutes to make it a contest. Keith hill's side went in 3-0 down at half-time.
councillors will be urged to allow the contract to be renegotiated. mears Scotland has held the contract with the council for four years. critics believe the work should be put out to tender.
capt menon is the first female captain in the Indian merchant navy. she is also the only woman to have won the IMO Award for Exceptional Bravery at Sea. the award recognises those who risk their lives to save others at sea.
alastair cook's captaincy may not be as much in his hands as he thought. england players must share the responsibility if cook resigns or is sacked. the players in his team must also take responsibility for the defeat.
special vote launched on the CBBc website to see if kids think it's better to help bullies or punish them. more than 2,400 children voted and 47% thought that bullies should be punished for their actions. 53% said bullies need to be helped.
the 38-year-old spinner skippered the side to the division two title in 2015. he took 40 first-class wickets at an average of 28.17 as Surrey won promotion to division one.
the africa champions let in goals from Kerem demirbay and Timo werner. the Indomitable Lions also had Ernest mabouka sent off after confusion involving the VAR. sebastien siani was initially dismissed in a case of mistaken identity before the error was corrected
the first carrier, HMS queen elizabeth, is expected to be operational in 2020. the 60 Pacific 24 rigid-hulled inflatable boats will be built by BAE systems. they will enhance security by providing a rapid response in rescue, anti-piracy and counter-n
the first phase of HS2 is due to open in 2026 and run between London and Birmingham. up to 60 trains, capable of speeds of about 225mph, are needed. construction will begin later this year. a second Y-shaped phase will open in two stages.
most of the loans - 86% - that are being sold off are in the republic of Ireland. the rest relate to business in northern ireland. process starts next week and should be completed by end of year.
EU membership guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave. leaving would not necessarily mean those rights would be lost, says reality check verdict. but the right of part-time workers to join occupational pension schemes could be revoked.
Vickilee galloway, 37, admitted assault by inciting her pet to attack Ms Findlay. she also pled guilty to being the owner of a dog that attacked a man. both victims had parts of their ears missing and needed hospital treatment.
Connor Williams, 17, and conor tiley, 18, both from Aberbargoed, died in a crash. the teenager was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
uncapped trio Mike Williams, Nathan Catt and Alex Lozowski in 34-man squad. james haskell, maro itoje, winger Anthony Watson and back rower Jack Clifford return. prop Ellis Genge, 21, is also in the squad after missing the
woolly mammoths were once common in north america and siberia. they were driven to extinction by environmental factors and possibly human hunting. genetic testing could be one way to assess whether levels of genetic diversity are enough.
Johnson made his film debut in the 1950s and featured in numerous films. he was a founder member of the royal Shakespeare company. his most recent film credits include the boy in the striped pyjamas (2008) and laracroft: Tomb Raider (2001)
the 32-year-old was attacked in st george's gardens shortly after midnight. detectives have appealed to two witnesses who saw the suspect and victim.
more than 100 pieces of graffiti have been uncovered in the chalk walls of the trenches and tunnels. soldiers training on the site who left their names include decorated heroes and one recorded deserter. about 4,300 soldiers and their families are to move to Wiltshire from Germany and UK bases by 2019
the bulbs were donated by the Dutch government to the international bomber command centre. ceremony at the cathedral to unveil the mosaic was attended by representatives from the Netherlands, canada, australia, new Zealand, Poland, germany and the us.
council says there are currently 179 takeaways within 400m of a school. restrictions will be used as guidance when the planning committee considers new applications. local authority health profile figures show 30% of adults in Medway are obese.
Lego confirms promotional agreement with the mail has ended. group Stop Funding Hate has lobbied firms to stop advertising with some newspapers. Lego says it spends "a lot of time listening to what children have to say"
anti-retroviral therapy kills virus in bloodstream but leaves "HIV reservoirs" untouched. a strategy known as "kick and kill" is thought to be key to curing HIV. researchers tested the drug in cells grown in the laboratory and in parts of the immune system
father of two, 31, denies attempting to possess a chemical weapon. jury told he tried to order 500mg of the deadly toxin ricin. he allegedly contacted a man on the black market and placed an order.
Plaid Cymru leader leanne wood unveils nine policies to boost the nation's health, education and economy. the party has been "listening to what the people of Wales want" over the last five years. but the challenge for the party now is to make sure professionalism turns into votes
Harlow became one of the UK's first post-war settlements in 1947. it is credited with having the first modern high-rise residential tower block. the town also included the first all-pedestrian shopping precinct.
some internationals could join sale at the AJ bell stadium in time for next season. the 47-year-old says there is no urgency to bring in players. diamond said there is one or two people who have decided to come for less money than they're being offered.
the 37-year-old announced his decision after playing the whole match against Costa Rica. "This was my last game for Greece," said the midfielder. he made his international debut in 1999 and amassed 139 caps for his country.
St Mirren beat ayr united 1-0 in their scottish championship clash. Lewis Morgan scores a penalty for the home side. stevie mallan misses from the spot for the visitors. the result leaves saints top of group g.
Lee o'Donnell pulled off the stunt at the monster jam world finals.
up to 270 jobs could be lost after Tata announced plans to mothball the plants. a total of 225 jobs are threatened at the Dalzell plate-rolling works in motherwell. the Scottish government has assembled a taskforce to try to guarantee a future for the plants
ASA wants to see warnings - like "ad" or "sponsored" - in the video's title or thumbnail. but vloggers think highlighting the fact a video is sponsored in the title would "distract from the content"
the boy's parents removed him from mainstream schooling because he was not coping. they requested a place for him at a special school but are still waiting. in September, the family was told that all the special schools in the area were full to capacity.
a national unity government will be installed and a presidential poll will be held by the end of the year. parliament has voted to reduce the president's powers and approved laws which could see the release of jailed opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko. the deal has been met
australia is holding a federal election on 2 july. the country has run through a slew of prime ministers in recent years. are australians ready to gamble on yet another PM?
operation pallial finds evidence of 140 allegations of historical abuse between 1963 and 1992. claims centre on 18 homes involving offences against boys and girls aged between 7 and 19. a total of 84 suspected offenders have been named - 75 male and nine female.
29-year-old's body was discovered at the doubletree by Hilton on eastfield road. he was pronounced dead at the scene. police say death is not being treated as suspicious.
northampton's north has a hamstring injury while leinster's henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle. both were injured during Tuesday's 31-31 draw with hurricanes and will leave the tour party. coach Warren gatland says the Lion
the 24-year-old made just three appearances in all competitions last season. he could make his competitive debut for lech in their Europa league qualifier.
singer del rey has released a new album, Lust For Life. addresses the lack of privacy when she's at home in california. says she got "jolted into the real world" when she moved to the u.s.
five experts share their thoughts on rebuilding trust between black american communities and the police. one practical thing that needs to be done immediately is to push towards more community policing. the patterns of tension we are seeing now are rooted in long-term inequality and disadvantage.
Ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw says 15 unregistered schools have been found. he has written to the education secretary to say they should be closed down. "serious concerns" about the safety of children being taught in these "so-called schools"
defending champions Chelsea Ladies and third-placed Birmingham City are also in the top three. keep up to date with all of the key confirmed signings before the season resumes on 26 June.
bedene, 27, became a citizen in 2015 but has been unable to overturn a ban. he represented Slovenia in three Davis Cup ties before becoming a British citizen. rules were introduced shortly after his switch barring players from representing more than one nation.
37-year-old says Rio 2016 will be one of his last competitions. rodrguez lies fifth overall after nine stages of this year's tour de france. the spaniard is 37 seconds behind leader Chris Froome.
tribunal finds dismissal was linked to her role as primary carer for her disabled daughter. it says this was contrary to the Disability Discrimination Act 1995. the finding was appealed by the Ardoyne Association but the court of appeal dismissed the appeal.
after lots of speculation, Boris Johnson has just declared he'll be campaigning for Britain to leave the EU. many are still wondering about the motivations that lie behind his decision. downing street concludes that Mr Johnson is going for Leave precisely because he is confident that they will lose
Gary Dunlop will make his debut with his father's famous number three plate. Joey Dunlop won a record 26 Isle of Man TTs and 24 Ulster GPs before he was killed. the 2016 Ulster Grand Prix will run between August 8 and 13.
'Time To Go, Massimo' poster appears on advertising board outside the east stand. poster paid for by supporters angry that cellino has not sold his 75% share in the club. Cellino agreed in principle to sell his share to supporters' group last month.
frame is a pay-as-you-go fitness studio based in east london. it offers a range of classes from dance to "rocket yoga", and "dynamic pilates" founders sarah black and Joan Murphy met on a trip to Cornwall
Rigondeaux had to call off a fight with the Liverpool boxer in march because of visa issues. the Cuban became WBA champion when Carl frampton opted to fight for a featherweight title.
the scheme was introduced by the Irish government four years ago. it was an official confirmation of Irish ancestry, aimed at those who do not qualify for full citizenship. as few as 3,000 certificates have been sold since the 2011 launch.
livestock - a mixture of Cheviot and black face sheep - were taken from the coltfield area between Wednesday and Thursday. police said theft of such a large number of sheep would have required "careful planning" officers appealed for information.
new zealand fighter fails to impress against cojanu in Auckland. sporadic flurries from the champion but never looked like scoring a stoppage. the 25-year-old has said he will campaign overseas, with a potential opponent.
u-turn comes amid reports of a titanic power struggle between Steve Bannon and senior adviser jared Kushner. the president's decision not to label china a "currency manipulator" emerged in an interview with the wall street journal on Wednesday.
the Alan King-trained seven-year-old led all the way for the 19-time Champion jockey. ma filleule (5-1) was second with 5-2 favourite don cossack third. "he ran away with me for a mile and a half and I thought
full-back for pro12 side scarlets appeared with four team-mates in fancy dress where he posed as Wilfried bony. the photo has been removed and he said he was not a racist. show racism the red card said it was "disappointed to see the image
facebook shut down account of man of Vietnamese origin over fake or misleading name. post received hundreds of thousands of likes late last week. bank worker's name when properly pronounced sounds like "phoo da bi"
the supermarket will open Giraffe branches near to its stores. it hopes that the acquisition will help revitalise its UK business. in January, it reported its strongest growth in UK Christmas sales for three years.
Ryan walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the Edinburgh festival in 2015. father-of-three's pictures will go on display at out of the blue drill hall, in august. the 42-year-old said only two people refused due to being in a hurry and having a bad hair
warning: graphic content. Turkish news agency publishes image of a young boy lying face down on the beach. the boy is reported to be three-year-old aylan, who drowned along with his brother and mother. of 23 people on board the two boats, only
chelsea beat manchester united 2-0 in the first leg of their last-32 Europa league tie. pione sisto and paul onuachu score the goals that give the hosts victory. van gaal admits his side were not good enough in the second half.
local authorities are forced to make a "wicked" choice between what services they provide. director of ctsi says there is no central system to relay information to the public. former business secretary sir Vince cable says trading standards are a problem area.
arrests made after people were approached by cold callers who claimed to be collecting money for unicef. charity confirmed no one had been authorised to fundraise in the area. two other men who were also arrested have been released on bail.
the former Walt Disney chief executive has made an offer to buy 100% of the league two champions. the offer will be voted on by club shareholders and members of the Pompey Supporters' trust, who currently own 48%.
a man in his 20s said to be a Pakistani was found dead in his tent on Monday. reports suggest he inhaled toxic fumes from heaters. more than 60,000 migrants and refugees currently live in camps around Greece. aid groups say many of the camps are over
the 80% complete skeleton of a stegosaur dinosaur has been acquired by the natural history museum. researchers hope to learn more about the dinosaur, which lived around 150 million years ago. they are particularly interested in finding out what the dinosaur used its plates for.
former head of VW's engineering and environmental office in the us admits to participating in an attempted cover-up. US prosecutors say Volkswagen installed special software in certain diesel vehicles that allowed them to perform better during emissions tests. emissions were sometimes 30 times higher than permitted under us rules.
human papillomaviruses, Helicobacter pylori and hepatitis B and C viruses are responsible. they account for 1.9m cases of cervical, gut and liver cancers. proportion of cancers related to infection three times higher in developing world
uk prime minister says IS is a "common enemy" that must be confronted. he said intelligence co-operation between the two countries would be stepped up. turkey's prime minister said they shared "strong and common political will" to tackle threat posed by foreign fighters
Peake became the first British astronaut on the ISS when he launched into space in December. on his return to earth, he says the first meal he'd like to eat is pizza.
for the month of september, the station will rotate the presenter on the 10:00 to 13:00 slot. controller Ben cooper said it was "a great way to celebrate Radio 1's 50th birthday" he said the new batch of presenters were "people that we have discovered and nurtured"
twenty-one animals had first beached at staffin on monday afternoon. 10 then went on to strand themselves on rocks on nearby staffin island. eight whales died including a female and her new born calf.
coalition air strikes began on 25 march aiming to reverse the takeover of Yemen by rebels. coalition spokesman: "we are systematically destroying the enemy's bases" but what exactly are the war aims of the Saudis and their allies and are they being achieved?
BBC Radio 4 put a prompt on social media ahead of Valentine's day: "Tell us a story about love" the network's first programme made entirely on smartphones. cnn's richard quest knitted the contributions into a half-hour of online dates, first loves
AG Barr said it would cut Irn Bru's sugar content from about 10g per 100ml to just below 5g. it will reduce the calorie count per can from just under 140 to about 66. more than 90% of its portfolio will contain less than 5g of sugar per
social network's chief operating officer sheryl Sandberg confirmed the decision to retain Peter Thiel. the venture capitalist has said he wants to challenge gawker's "bullying" behaviour. but he has been criticised for using his wealth to try and silence part of the media
Eric, as it was called, was the UK's first humanoid robot. travelled the globe as a showcase for futuristic technology - but disappeared in the 1930s. now, the museum is trying to raise £35,000 to rebuild him.
many fear that an overflow of Mexico's drug violence could soon hit small central american nation. security forces have been watching closely to see if cartels are deploying in El Salvador. presence of gangs known as "maras" believed to be largest contributor to murder rates.
six sports shared a fund of £13.4m over the past four years, but that pot could now be boosted for the 2018 Olympics. team gb won four medals in sochi, which matched their total from the inaugural Winter Olympics in 1924 in france. the men's
Craig peacock fired the hosts into a ninth minute lead. but vinny scarsella hit back three minutes later. a short-handed empty net goal from Matthew Davies sealed the win.
113 cyclists were killed in the UK last year, according to department of transport figures. between 2007 and 2014 there were 276 recorded incidents where a cyclist was killed in an accident involving a motor vehicle. the CPS said cases should be referred to a prosecutor as early as
Jackie Powell was arrested last year on suspicion of preventing the lawful burial of Brady's victim Keith Bennett. she told a tv documentary Brady had given her a sealed envelope to pass to Keith's mother in the event of his death. the letter was never found and winnie Johnson
former MK dons midfielder Carl Baker rescued a point for Pompey. reggie lambe opened the scoring for the Cumbrians. Jamie Devitt was sent off before half-time for a foul on Gary Roberts.
the electron differs from being perfectly round by a minuscule amount. it may make some of the emerging theories of particle physics less likely. the new observation does not rule out supersymmetry. but it does not support the theory.
parliamentarians are protected from prosecution over statements made in parliament. parliamentary privilege is one of the oldest rights enshrined in British law. but lib dem MP John Hemming used it to name footballer Ryan Giggs in Parliament.
Thomas Buckett, now 21, fell 15ft (4.5m) through a skylight at Clayton hall business and language college, in may 2010. he shattered one side of his skull and was in a critical condition for two weeks. the family's compensation claim was thrown
Andre Greipel wins the 100.5-mile stage from Glasgow to castle Douglas. australian Caleb ewan and dutch rider Ramon sinkeldam second and third. sir Bradley wiggins, the 2013 winner, finishes safely in the peloton.
UK parking control says it has investigated allegations one of its employees in Lincoln had changed timestamps on photos. the company said it had worked "to mitigate the risk of this re-occurring" the issue came to light when Simone Riley-Young was issued with a parking charge notice
Glasgow city council's proposals for byres road include improvements for pedestrians, safe cycle routes and spaces for community events. Architects benton Scott-Simmons have been appointed to prepare designs, which also aim to improve connections to the university of Glasgow's campus. construction work is expected to
at least seven people have died over a month of attacks on foreigners and foreign-owned property in south africa. lyrics include the line "Africa is our home, make it a better place" the song is playing on south african radio from Friday.
woman, 27, found at knowle close, redditch, after police were called early on sunday. 32-year-old man arrested in connection with the incident is in police custody. results of post-mortem will be released later, police say.
ministers have been sniping about the level of reserves held by higher education institutions. universities insist the reserves are needed for investment to continue. stand-off between ministers and vice-chancellors was beginning to develop.
presenter described people involved in hunting and shooting as "the nasty brigade" in an article last year. the countryside alliance said he was breaking rules by using his position "to spread propaganda" the BBC Trust said there had been no breach of the impartiality guidelines.
the 36-year-old outfielder came off the bench for a pinch-hit single. the hit scored michael Martinez from third base in the seventh inning. "it feels good," said Crisp, whose sister nicknamed him "coco"
the appeal received more than 2,000 contributions within three days. the 52-year-old mother-of-two set up the campaign for treatment in germany. she only discovered she was battling terminal lung cancer five weeks ago.
Jamie Vardy was sent off after getting a second yellow card for diving. referee Jonathan Moss then awarded west ham a penalty with six minutes left. substitute Andy Carroll slotted home to end Leicester's run of 574 minutes without conceding a league goal.
many of the elements that make up the foundation of the modern world originated in china. china now has the world's fastest-growing economy and is undergoing what has been described as a second industrial revolution. it has also launched an ambitious space exploration programme, involving plans to set up a space
the patron's lunch will be attended by 10,000 guests in London in June next year. the event will be the finale to a weekend of national events to celebrate the queen's official 90th birthday.
if you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. you can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share
falling robot can damage its components and also the people around it. the algorithm could help reduce the impact when a humanoid robot takes a tumble.
everyone, even children, had to carry an ID card during world war two. introduced in 1939 the idea was to enable the government to keep track of a transient population. the wartime ID card system remained in place after 1945, eventually going out of use in the early 1950s.
former liverpool boss rodgers has moved into his office at the club's training ground. the 43-year-old invited captain Scott brown, 30, to his home for a dinner discussion. brown's fellow Scotland international Charlie Mulgrew, 30, is out of contract at Celtic.
14 fifa officials and sports marketing executives indicted in the us on racketeering charges. properties in the Alps have been seized in a separate Swiss investigation. the US authorities are working closely with their Swiss counterparts.
Lancaster left his role as coach of england at the end of the world cup. he has been linked with a move back to his native new zealand. former british and irish lions coach steve mcclaren says he
"total and complete vindication...and WOW, comey is a leaker!" he tweeted. the ex-fbi boss testified under oath he believed he was fired to influence his investigation into the Trump campaign. he said the president defamed
returning officer made the report to police, according to BBC radio Leeds. it is against the law to discuss voting while polls are open.
two sections of the A3055 undercliff drive suffered landslips in february 2014. the collapse caused a three-mile detour between Niton and st Lawrence. residents resurfaced the road themselves but the council shut it again.
action sports game is based on traditional 'lucha libre' style wrestling in mexico. players compete in arenas used by official administrative body the AAA. the aim of the game is both to win and to avoid humiliation.
Gary Neville, from Belfast, raised £930 at a charity fundraising music night. prosecuted for failing to give the cash to the Neuroblastoma Children's Cancer charity. Oscar Knox, a five-year-old boy, died from the rare and aggressive cancer
Mr Hockey's appointment comes after he left politics following his removal as treasurer by Malcolm turnbull. he had been seen as a close ally of Tony Abbott who was ousted as pm by Mr turnbull in a party vote in September. some in the Labor opposition questioned the
the scheme was set up by former first minister arlene Mrs Foster in 2012. businesses received more in subsidies than they paid for fuel. the scheme became heavily oversubscribed, and oversubscription was high. plan by economy minister has now been submitted to department of finance.
an "item" believed to have been in Ben's possession at the time of his disappearance was found during fresh searches. south Yorkshire police said the current line of inquiry, that Ben was killed accidentally, was the most probable cause of the boy's disappearance. a friend of a
a man was taken to the royal Sussex county hospital. he is reported to be in a stable condition. the incident in Preston street appeared to be linked to a section of railing surrounding the balcony.
a record nine players share the halfway lead on eight under. first-day leader Welshman Bradley dredge (72) and english Ryder cup player Andy Sullivan (68) are also in the leading group.
the locks supposedly symbolise the everlasting bond between two lovers. the trend has spread across many parts of the UK - with bridges in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire targeted. Lincolnshire County council said it had to remove the locks because they could potentially damage the stainless steel cables.
mercedes' nico rosberg leads championship by 33 points with four races left. briton says he will give it "everything I've got" in first race of the season in texas. the 31-year-old has won three of
the man, in his 30s, was found with chest injuries in the red Mazda in barton. he later died in hospital and a 31-year-old man arrested in connection has been released without charge.
water rescue units from Perth and Glenrothes attended the incident. fire crews from montrose and forfar also attended the scene. the dog's body was later recovered from the water.
sightings of creepy clowns have sparked minor hysteria across the us since august. people in clown masks have chased others and tried to lure children into woods. police in australia have warned that such escapades would "not be tolerated"
Hampshire beat Gloucestershire by 24 runs in south group match in Bristol. Luke Ronchi-inspired Leicestershire make 88-2 from seven overs at grace road. former english batsman collingwood and coughlin guide away side to victory.
Ajinkya Rahane hits 89 not out in half-century partnership with virat Kohli. south african spinner Dane piedt takes four of first five wickets to fall. india lead 2-0 going into fourth Test against south africa in durban.
regulator ofgem said there were 3.8 million switches in the first six months of the year. this was the second six months in a row that the switching total broke three million. the data follow a major report into competition in the energy market.
researchers found just 51% of the 6,500 children they monitored achieved the recommended hour of physical activity each day. for girls, the figure was just 38%, compared with 63% for boys. half of the group also spent more than six hours being sedentary each day, the researchers acknowledged
scientists examined the bone structure of hip-fracture patients treated with bisphosphonates. they found evidence drugs were linked to microscopic cracks in the bones. osteoporosis affects three million people in the uk.
the 21-year-old has scored five goals this season for manchester united. he made his debut for the dons in 2012 and has scored four times in 89 appearances. championship bottom side St mirren host falkirk on Saturday.
electricity north west says about 680 customers in Bury and 480 in Rochdale are still cut off. the company has reconnected more than 24,750 customers in the past two days. dozens of town centre businesses are underwater, after the river Roch burst its banks.
passengers will need a prepaid or concessionary ticket, Oyster card or contactless card. TfL said only 0.7% of all bus journeys were paid for with cash. but the green party said more ticket outlets were needed and questioned how vulnerable passengers would cope.
Pro12 side to switch from Murrayfield to myreside from January to may. capacity to be increased to around 6,000 with temporary stands. former Watsonians and Scotland centre Scott hastings hailed the move as "innovative"
the company currently employs 500 people at premises in Glasgow, Robroyston, Livingston, Ayr, Clarkston, Hamilton, Lanark and Clydebank. expansion plans include new stores in Port Glasgow and Irvine, while other locations are "in negotiation"
cnn's nic roberts has spent a week wearing four of the latest and best-known trackers. at their worst, one day saw a variation between them of 23% in distance covered. the fitbit charge, misfit shine and jawbone up move
independent panel finds police "sought to deflect responsibility" on to fans. chief constable David Crompton has confirmed statements were altered seeking to lessen police blame. he made his apology after previously unseen government papers about the 1989 disaster were released.
one person died when a car, a van pulling a trailer and a lorry crashed. major repair work was needed to the motorway surface with leaking fuel. the hard shoulder could remain shut for two days.
bluefin-21 submersible robot has finished its search of the area and found nothing. acoustic pings were heard by search teams using a towed pinger locator. no trace of flight 370 has been found and there is no explanation for its disappearance
promoted Edinburgh city started with a 3-2 loss at home to forfar. promoted Clyde edged out Montrose 2-1, and Elgin City were 1-0 winners away to cowdenbeath. arbroath were held at home by Berwick Rangers in a 1-1
some people are saying that Scotland should get independence from the rest of the UK so that it can join the EU again on its own.
man denies raping 18-year-old student from music school in the early 1980s. court hears he plied her with drink, took her to a remote spot in his car and raped her. student went on to have a consensual relationship
the us has asked countries to cut oil imports from Iran. it has threatened to impose sanctions against financial institutions doing business with Iran's energy sector. china's economic growth in recent years has seen a rise in demand for energy resources.
a company was awarded a £39m deal to purchase spruce and larch timber in 2014. the latter was forests where a fungus disease causing extensive damage was present. as part of that deal, the company was meant to have built a new saw line by
councils will still face a combined shortfall of £6.8bn by the end of the parliament. council tax is expected to be lower in real terms in 2020 than a decade earlier. the government said council tax was expected to fall by 1.7% each year.
a seven-year-old boy was abandoned by his parents in the woods in japan. his parents later admitted they had abandoned him twice in a very short space of time. the public has collectively tried to make sense of the situation. but there were some more nuanced and
new coach will oversee professional cricket at the club. i will not be at every day of every match due to other working commitments. the new-set up can help take the team forward while the club seeks a long-term successor to Chris.
mo farah started athletics aged 12 and went on to win two gold medals at the 2012 games. he has his sights set on the next Olympic Games, Rio 2016. "you don't become a better athlete if you have one bad race," he says.
former aide to leader Nigel farage says party needs a "CEO" to run organisation. Kassam promises to "make UKIP great again" but warns against being dragged "to the squishy centre ground" party's new leader will be named on 28
customs checks would have to be re-introduced because of the customs union. but he said he did not expect a return to large-scale violence. he added that now was not the time for a border poll.
180 men and women fought in the spanish civil war between 1936 and 1939. the city's office block has been called Jack Jones in honour of the trade unionist. 2,500 from across the british isles fought and 500 did not survive.
the 20-year-old was shot in malvern road in north-west london. she was pronounced dead at the scene. the victim's family has been notified and a post-mortem examination is due later.
some are angry at attempts to destroy the channel's existence.
brahamdagh bugti, 34, is one of the most hardline of the Baloch separatist leaders. his remarks are being viewed as an olive branch to the military. he denied any contact with Pakistani interior minister Chaudry Nisar Ali Khan.
eurosceptic cabinet ministers worried about choreography in aftermath of summit. sense in downing street was that there was no need to shift cabinet. but at least one senior figure had already resolved to break their silence.
Fujimori plans to share thoughts and memories while in prison. the 75-year-old governed Peru for a decade before being impeached in 2000. he was convicted of human rights violations after a 15-month trial. former leader still has supporters in the country
scientists and charities say the human papilloma virus (HPV) jab will protect them from head and neck cancers. the vaccine is sexually transmitted and girls aged 12 and 13 receive the vaccine to protect them against cervical cancer. the Welsh government said it is waiting for advice from the Joint Committee
marc Carter's plea to find a replacement sippy cup for son was retweeted 12,000 times. the 14-year-old has only drunk from the vessels, which are no longer produced. northumberland-based firm Tommee Tippee said it will produce
Brentford goalkeeper Daniel Bentley saves Josh Clarke's first-half effort. winger aluko doubles lead in second half with a calmly-taken goal. goalkeeper David Button makes excellent save to deny Clarke an equalizer.
he succeeds former prime minister Laurent Fabius, 69, who announced on Wednesday he was stepping down as part of a cabinet reshuffle. the leader of the greens, Emmanuelle Cosse, has been named housing minister. two other green politicians have
naked man spotted outside his hotel on Chorlton street, at about 04:30 BST. greater Manchester police said it was a "genuine case of sleepwalking" the man's identity has not been revealed by police.
thousands of athletes from around the world will be going for glory on the ice and snow. so what events will there be, how many medals are up for grabs and what will the mascots look like?
the 34-year-old saw red for a scuffle after an opponent shoved Luke O'Nien to the ground. striker akinfenwa later said on twitter: "the sending off was dubious" both sides continued to play 11 v 11 on
Fattah, 59, was found guilty on 23 counts including racketeering, fraud and money laundering. his lawyers said the schemes were run without his knowledge by two political consultants who had pleaded guilty. in one case, he is said to have used cash raised for an
the funding body predicts there could be as many as seven medals at the winter games. that would be GB's best medal haul at a Winter Games since 1936 in germany. team gb boss Mike Hay said the target was a "vote of confidence"
the Scottish and UK governments have been locked in talks about a financial deal. deadlines pushed back due to disagreements over key terms. the fiscal framework is the financial structure which will underpin new powers.
the chairboys were searching for their first league victory since 13 august. the hosts went close again with southwell failing to convert a gilt-edged chance on the stroke of half-time. southwell however went from villain to hero moments later as he tapped home a cross in
16-year-old convicted of culpable homicide after stabbing victim in the heart. he will be supervised for two years after release. judge says killer showed "significant regret" and "understanding" of loss.
Peter Chambers and will fletcher into semi-finals of lightweight double sculls. chambers and Fletcher were forced to qualify through repechage. ireland's Gary and Paul O'donovan are defending their european title.
police confirm fatal crash involving seven-time grand slam champion. man died two weeks after the accident in florida. lawyer for tennis star says it was an "unfortunate accident"
chess boxing is seeing an early surge of interest in india. 10 state-level associations organising championships in less than two years. 195 and 245 players participated in the two national-level tournaments held in 2013.
the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI) institute, had to shut the $30m (£18.3m) Allen Telescope Array in northern california. actress Jodie foster was one of more than 2,400 people who contributed. the array searches space for potential
two newly-elected MSPs underline their support for the vote leave campaign. fellow tory MSP Margaret Mitchell also backs Brexit, but party leader Ruth Davidson is in favour of remaining in. the Scottish remain campaign highlight how much research funding universities receive from the EU.
David Nisbet, 28, from Edinburgh, pleaded guilty at the city's sheriff court to committing a breach of the peace and was fined £600. police received calls about a man on the united free church of Scotland roof at about 22:30. it took
a proposal to decide on the details of the plan was voted down, by 16 votes to 15. many MPs see elections as a way of constraining Jeremy corbyn, should he be re-elected. supporters say any plan should call for party members and activists to also
misogynistic incidents can now be reported to and investigated by the police. it means abuse or harassment which might not be a crime can be reported. chief constable says it will make the county a safer place for women.
65% to 17% majority for northern Ireland remaining in the uk suggests little room for doubt. more than 90% of those who identify themselves as Protestants told pollsters they wanted to stay. 38% of Catholics also favoured remaining within the UK - three percentage points more than the number
just two of the five refugees transferred by australia to the southeast Asian country now remain. australia has promised to give Cambodia A$40m in aid and A$15m in resettlement costs to take in its rejected refugees. the Iranian couple were part of the first group of four who agreed to go from
April Jones, five, went missing near her home in Machynlleth, powys, in 2012. a sign outside the cafe says: "the more you weigh, the harder it is to kidnap!" the cafe's owner said the sign was not meant to be
police say his followers carried out attacks in the UK and abroad. police blame the preacher and the proscribed organisations he helped run. he will start time in the high security unit at HMP Belmarsh.
jac Davies was rescued from an upstairs bedroom but died at the scene. his three-year-old brother was also rescued and taken to hospital. they were all suffering from suspected smoke inhalation which is not thought to be life-threatening. the cause of the blaze is being investigated
bond sale was just over half the $12bn raised in April 2014. apple plans to return more than $130bn to shareholders by the end of this year. move comes despite the company sitting on a cash pile of $178bn.
East Kent Hospitals NHS Foundation trust serves population of more than 750,000 people. watchdog monitor identified issues with safety, leadership and "a culture of bullying" inspectors identified staff shortages in a&e, children's care and at night.
the US has formal ties with china rather than the island of Taiwan, which china sees as a breakaway province. china urged Mr Trump to understand the sensitivity of the Taiwan issue. the comments come hot on the heels of Mr Trump taking a call from the Taiwanese president
china introduced the baby hatches so parents could abandon infants safely. director: 262 babies had been left at the centre since the scheme began in January. all the abandoned infants have illnesses, such as cerebral palsy and down's syndrome.
Mohit Dupar, 36, attempted to reach Gustavo Silva da Cruz, 19, after he got into difficulty at camber sands, east sussex. his son ankush, 17, was pulled from the sea and remained in a coma for three weeks. in
the first part of the lock, that there are no commitments in the manifesto that require additional borrowing, is binding up until may 7. the second part, that the deficit will be cut every year, would on current forecasts for economic growth allow quite a bit of additional spending. but the third
Harry Greaves was visiting friends in south america and planned to hike a mountain alone. the 29-year-old has not been in contact since - which his family says is "out of character" a search of the area failed to leave any indication of his whereabouts.
president says he aims to cut poverty to 15% by end of his term in 2016. he took the oath of office on 28 July 2011 vowing to eradicate poverty and social exclusion. but many peruvians complain that he has not done enough to share the wealth
a man in his 20s was rescued by a volunteer crew from Bangor RNLI. the man could have died if he had remained in the water for another five minutes. it is not clear why the man was in the sea.
the pub is owned by Samuel Smiths brewery, based at Tadcaster in north yorkshire. the brewery recently banned people from swearing on its premises. solicitor says bikers were not a "protected group" under the equality act.
Matt parcell scores a hat-trick for the hosts as they keep the Wire scoreless. Joel moon scores 15th try in 16 games and a Rob Burrow try extends the lead. the win moves Leeds up to third in the super league table.
Brechin City beat Balmoor 3-1, with Ross Caldwell scoring a hat-trick. second-placed alloa beat bottom club Stenhousemuir 4-1. airdrieonians beat albion Rovers 2-1 to extend lead over opponents to
castlepoint in Bournemouth opened in 2003 but the two-level car park has been reinforced with props since 2005 when it was found to be unsafe. the rebuild has been delayed for years as a result of legal wrangling. to minimise disruption, work will be carried out in five
the mill, owned by Dublin-based C&C group, has 127 staff. fruit pulping will continue and apples will still be sourced from local farmers. trade union unite has criticised the closure, describing it as "disgraceful"
the IICSA inquiry is sparked by claims of paedophiles operating in the 1980s. it will investigate whether "state and non-state institutions" have failed to protect children. mr McKelvie said he left after being told he may be required as a
the Columba Declaration commits the Churches to "grow together in communion" the two churches are founded in two different branches of Protestantism. the church of england's general synod will hold a debate in february.
six-month-old Molly-Mae Wotherspoon was fatally attacked by an american pit bull named Bruiser at a house in daventry in October 2014. mother Claire Riley, 23, and grandmother Susan aucott, 55, are currently in prison in connection with the death
the lionesses will face Norway on Sunday 22 January and Sweden two days later. notts county striker Rachel Williams returns to the squad for the first time since 2013. england are preparing for the European Championship in the Netherlands in July.
voters in 1975 asked if the country should stay or exit the European Economic Community (EEC) then, the country chose to remain in - but how will people vote this time around? nigel farage, 70, says if we stay in the EU we will be dragged down
thousands of people took to the streets on Sunday to demand further political changes. protesters marched through cities such as Rabat, Casablanca and Tangier. they carried empty boxes to symbolise that they thought turnout was far lower than 73%.
former england batsman hits seven sixes in 100 from 45 balls. 115 not out from 66 balls takes dolphins to their 168 target. pietersen will play two more games for the dolphins before heading to australia.
lawyers have written to prime minister theresa may urging her to consider the NI peace process before formally triggering Brexit. a majority in northern Ireland backed Remain in the June referendum.
the Northern Ireland executive is a power-sharing government made up of ministers from the five biggest parties. the crisis has come about after a murder which the police say was carried out by the IRA. it's not clear what will happen if the political parties can not come to agreement
Monet's rural neighbours wrote to the town hall to object to his plans to extend his garden in 1893. local farmers were suspicious of the strange aquatic plants that monet wanted to plant. the Royal academy show, which opens next year, looks at the role of gardens in the paintings of mo
plastic-wrapped cardboard boxes ignited after they were stacked close to a 300 watt lightbulb. no-one was injured during the incident but homes and properties within 100 metres (328 ft) of the fire were evacuated.
probationary officers aged 23 and 24 recommended they should be dismissed. investigation came after they filmed themselves near the site of the air crash. 11 people died after a jet crashed on to the A27 on 22 august. chief constable said the pair were "clearly remorse
Ahmed Musa scored in stoppage time to seal the win for the hosts. the match was largely uneventful as both sides made eight changes from the weekend's league matches.
a snapshot of 290 hospital patients showing signs of sepsis found only 12% were initially screened and treated in line with best practice. last year, more than 7,500 people were admitted to hospitals in the uk. the issue is the focus for BBC Wales' week in week out programme
a judge has instructed lawyers to take eight weeks to work out disagreements over money and property. widow Susan Schneider Williams wants the contents of her home to be excluded from items left to his three children. she filed court papers in December claiming some of her husband's personal items had been taken from
Rory McWhirter, of Edinburgh, collected identity details from people he had deceived into applying for fake jobs at a Glasgow hotel. used the details to obtain their marriage certificates before using them to register the fake births. claimed tax credits amounting to £14,222, child
Luca was selected as an astronaut in may 2009. he travelled to the international space station in 2013.
the 29-year-old pedestrian was struck by a silver Renault Clio. he was pronounced dead at the scene and his next of kin have been informed. witnesses are being urged to come forward.
equipment sold to Saudi Arabia includes Typhoon and Tornado fighter jets, as well as precision-guided bombs. the sales contribute to thousands of engineering jobs in the UK, and have provided billions of pounds of revenue for the British arms trade. the campaign group had claimed the UK has contravened
the tourists slipped from 116-1 to 211-9 in their second innings in india. both captain Eoin Morgan and vice-captain Jos buttler were out first ball. the tourists needed last-wicket pair Adil Rashid and David Willey to reach 282
Carnival reported profits of $1.33bn in the third quarter, compared to $1.34bn last year. shares in the firm in new york rose more than 3% on the news. company said it had managed to generate more money from its cruise passengers.
Uruguay will be the first in the world to legally sell the drug over the counter. the move was set in motion in 2013 with a law that fully legalised the cannabis trade. buyers must sign up to a national registry, which will be up and running by 2 may.
Dorothy Bailey, William Barks, Derek Moore and Jason Shingler all died in the explosion. Sylvia Jenkinson said the whole community rallied to help the families of those left behind. on the day of the fire, Ms Jenkinson had been on her way to a nearby school for
locals say they're not happy with the unpleasant pong the trial's creating. they also don't think vinegar is strong enough to kill the weeds.
research suggests Oxford may be affected the most by public sector cuts. BBC-commissioned study ranks resilience of council areas to economic shocks. figures estimate 48% of jobs in Oxford East are in the public sector.
three others were injured, one seriously, in the incident at downsview park. the collapse happened an hour before the gates were due to open for the concert. some 40,000 people were expected for the sold-out gig, which was also due to feature caribou.
RB Leipzig lead the table only on goal difference, having drawn 1-1 at home to hoffenheim on Saturday. mainz take a 3-0 lead at half-time after a goal from stefan bell. andre ramalho is shown the yellow card for a bad
high-speed broadband - defined as greater than 24 megabits per second - to reach 90% of the country. lords committee said plans were "misguided" and left "some people and businesses being left behind" on Monday, mr hunt defended his focus on higher
WHO sent annual surveys to 127 countries between 2012 and 2014 asking about capacity and usage of blood tests that check HIV status and health. they found worrying gaps in provision and warn that u.n. targets for HIV could be missed as a result. laboratory testing is vital to meet and monitor these
Scotland face Slovenia in their opening euro 2017 qualifier on tuesday. record 185th cap should be won by keeper kristina fay. the 33-year-old made her debut in 1998 against the Czech republic.
right-back has signed a one-year deal with league one club crawley. the 21-year-old has been playing for Icelandic side IBV this summer. he has represented england at under-16, under-17, under-19 and under-20 level.
noel Reid and Jack conan score tries either side of a leinster try. tries from Jordi Murphy and Luke McGrath seal victory for the Irishmen. last year's champions led 17-10 at half-time.
the Labour leader tells the new statesman his party opposed plans to lower the overall household cap. his spokesman confirmed he was "very much in favour" of getting rid of it altogether. the conservatives said labour wanted a return to "unlimited welfare handouts"
the european court of human rights ruled a man whose employer read his messages had not had his rights violated. Bogdan barbulescu's employer had sacked him after finding he had been using a Yahoo messenger account to speak to both his fiancee and his brother. groups representing
Legolas, named after an elf in Lord of the rings, helped researchers understand how the animals hunt together. the body was found next to a highway along with a shotgun cartridge, in what is being investigated as a poaching case. at 68.5kg in weight, Legola
councils in england face a £1.1bn shortfall this year, on top of "almost unendurable" cuts since 2010. budgets for adult social care will reduce by a further £500m in cash terms this year. some companies - particularly those in
former Rangers captain will join Kilmarnock on a three-year deal. McCulloch was deemed surplus to requirements at Ibrox. the 37-year-old won three top-flight titles and two Scottish cups with Rangers.
Sheffield wednesday are set to pay £10m for on-loan striker Jordan Rhodes. warnock has outlined his proposals to owner Vincent Tan. the bluebirds lost 1-0 at home to Norwich city on saturday.
Mellor joined widnes on a dual registration contract with wigan in 2011. the 25-year-old moved permanently to the scottish club in 2013.
MacDonald has been with the Cherries since 2011. the 28-year-old came through the Swansea youth system. he has had four stints out on loan at Yeovil.
healthcare improvement Scotland (HIS) visited the Stranraer site in November last year and again in January. the inspections were carried out as part of a programme to check on standards of care for older people requiring acute treatment in Scotland. despite an action plan being put in place,
england striker cuts his face during the first half at the vitality stadium. he was treated in the tunnel before being taken to hospital, where he stayed overnight. concussion protocols mean he will not take charge of the match on 5 march.
Belize was the uk's last colony on the american mainland and still maintains strong ties with Britain. there is a lingering conflict with neighbouring Guatemala, which has made claim to part of Belize's territory. Belize has a problem with violent crime, largely drug-
Karen seldon, 44, cleared of four counts of sexual activity with a minor. mother-of-two said the case had been a nightmare for her and her family. she said she was "angry" that the boy said she sent him provocative pictures.
the treatment, called Epidiolex, is based on one of the non-psychoactive components of the cannabis plant, CBD. the new trial marks the first time the treatment has been tested in the UK. patients are being enrolled for a trial of the treatment at Edinburgh University's
new president given until noon on friday to leave office or be forced out. last-ditch mediation talks due on Friday morning. troops told to halt their advance until the deadline passes. ecowas is acting in support of new president Adama Barrow.
four days of tuition are offered to schoolchildren who are at risk of not achieving a pass grade. classes are targeted at those who require extra support in preparation for GCSEs. the £25 fee is waived for those who cannot afford it.
a high court injunction stopped RTÉ reporting details of denis o'brien's finances. a TD made comments regarding his finances under privilege in the Dáil. media organisations returned to court to seek clarification. judge says he never intended nor could he
the 24-year-old was released by the saddlers in may after 19 appearances in three years. macGillivray has also played for stalybridge Celtic and Harrogate town. he is Paul Hurst's seventh signing of the summer.
BG's core earnings fell 41% to $1.59bn (£1.03bn), with pre-tax profits down to $708m from $1.9bn a year earlier. BG said it was still happy with Shell's £47bn offer for the
reopening of the A591 is a "massive priority" after a four-mile section was closed by a landslide. some areas were hit by flooding three times in as many weeks in December. "we've seen a collapse in forward bookings
Fleetwood beat caretaker champions scrunthorpe 2-0. Jimmy Ryan sets up the opening goal. paddy madden scores penalty for the hosts.
at least 2.8 million people have been displaced - either because their houses have been destroyed or because they are too afraid of aftershocks to remain at home. most people live in remote areas that can be difficult to access even when natural disasters do not stand in the way. save the children
David Dixon texted his aunt saying he was safe after the airport blasts. his partner says police have his dental records to see if they match any of the victims. the couple lived in Brussels for about 10 years but still had a house in Nottingham. friend: "it's really
in 2008 she became the first female British jockey to ride 100 UK flat winners in a year. the 32-year-old recently retired after a 15-year career, winning 763 races. she rode two Group One winners at the highest level in the uk during her career.
the majority of the staff and contractor posts will go this year. the job losses amount to about a fifth of BP's North sea workforce. BP said it was taking the step in the face of "toughening market conditions"
police in new mexico confirm remains of missing man are those of Randy bilyeu. he went missing in January this year hunting for a $2m (£1.5m) trove hidden by art dealer and author forrest fenn. remains were discovered along a stretch
the crash happened at about 17:35 GMT. a woman was also injured in the crash, but her injuries are not believed to be life threatening.
hammer thrower Sophie hitchon will compete in her second Olympics in brazil. the 25-year-old is coached by former world champion tore gustafsson. she has been practicing ballet since the age of 14.
"this ranks as one of the lowest fourth of julys ever," says box office tracker rentrak. last year's big release was animation Despicable me 2, which took $368m (£214m) no major release to coincide with the holiday - only horror film Deliver Us From
two coastguard rescue teams and an RNLI lifeboat were called in, near Brixham. rescuers hauled her up in a "dog rescue bag" on a line and reunited her with her owners. coastguard agency urges owners to keep their dogs on leads
Venera minakhmetova was killed when she was struck by a lorry at a roundabout. the Russian had been on the cycle superhighway 2 (CS2) just before the collision. she was the fourth cyclist to die in london in nine days. her sister
NewcastleGateshead Initiative said hosting the event had brought a windfall to the city. chief executive Sarah Stewart said the "memorable event" had been a "huge success" northumbria police said there had been "exceptional behaviour" from all those who attended.
Bristol city beat bluebirds 2-0 at the Cardiff city stadium on saturday. Elliott Bennett hits the post for the visitors and Sammy ameobi misses the target. the result lifts Cardiff up to 20th in the championship table.
32 bearded dragons were left in a cardboard box on the counter by a friend of a disabled man who could no longer take care of them. eight of the animals were found homes by animalarium staff. they are a docile and quiet species, and require a
Newport climb up to 19th in the table, eight points above the relegation zone. Ryan tafazolli had a goal disallowed for the Stags after the break. Scott Boden fired in late on for his fifth goal in four games.
Lee Nicholson, 39, from Newcastle, was enlisted by clare humble to help dispose of Peter hedley's body in newburn riverside park. Humble, 50, was jailed for life in may for murdering the 49-year-old.
if you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. you can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share
374 children receive up to 10 hours a week specialised coaching as part of their studies. the project is now in its fourth year, with this year's intake of pupils the final one. performance director mark McClair has been conducting a review since taking over from mark whotte.
the painting was the top lot at sotheby's sale of modern and impressionist works. totalled just under £122m, including £15.2m for piet mondrian's 1927 Composition. only four pieces failed to find buyers as many sold close to pre-auction estimates
Rosberg held off a late charge by red bull's Daniel Ricciardo. the german leads his team-mate by eight points. mercedes' decision to switch Hamilton to a three-stop strategy got him back ahead.
McDowell says he can 'feel it clicking' at the Scottish open. the northern Irishman has failed to make the weekend in 50% of tournaments this year. he's not the only go-to man of the past on the outside looking in at present. only four of
50,000 people in britain use phenytoin sodium capsules. they are made by Pfizer and sold by flynn. the drugs cost the NHS £50m in 2013.
Zanzibar given unanimous approval to join confederation of african football. the semi-autonomous territory had previously applied to join fifa in 2005. if accepted, it will become the 212th member association of world football's governing body.
the german-based team finished third in 2015 and 2016, with both races won by Porsche. Formula E, the world's first electric racing series, only started in 2014. ten teams - including Renault, Audi and Jaguar - currently take part in the series.
pipe burst in Chestnut avenue has affected homes in SO53 and SO16 postcodes. southern water said supplies would gradually return to normal later.
Ms dugdale will make the pledge in her keynote address to the Scottish Labour conference in Perth. she believes new taxes would not be necessary to pay for the plan. the MSP reckons the restoration of tax credits could be achieved by making different choices in government.
the visitors are without midfielder Jordan Cousins, who will miss the rest of the season. on-loan winger Kazenga LuaLua is back in training after an ankle injury but is still a doubt.
no single party or bloc commands a majority of the 325 seats in parliament. the main Shia parliamentary bloc was formed after the march 2010 elections. it was formed as a result of a merger of prime minister nouri maliki's State of Law coalition and the Iraqi National Alliance
strong winds expected to cause disruption across the country as remnants of hurricane Gonzalo sweep in from the Atlantic. in Scotland, the west coast is expected to be the worst affected area as winds move towards the east. a few flights have been affected, ferries have been disrupted and the
2,000 pieces dating back more than 1,000 years were spotted on the seabed by members of a diving club. the find was "so valuable that it's priceless", the antiquities authority said. divers were exploring an ancient harbour in Caesarea when they came across the gold
tennis integrity unit says he plotted to throw a match at a minor tournament in 2013. two other australian players, Brandon walkin and Isaac frost, were also disciplined. it comes days after australian junior champion Oliver Anderson was charged with match-fixing.
the current trend for spiralling executive pay took root in the 1980s. the touch paper was lit by the boom in City salaries that followed the Big Bang of financial deregulation in 1986. cedric brown, then chief executive of privatised British gas, was pilloried as cedrick the
since 2013, the government has insisted students who did not succeed at 16 study GCSEs in these key skills until they are 18. good grades in english and maths amount to vocational qualifications, says former adviser to the department of education and ofsted. about 40% of candidates fail to meet this standard every
baby was found alone and abandoned at about 15:30 local time on friday. police said she was tended to at the scene by their officers and medical staff. she was taken to tallaght hospital in a stable condition.
undertakers Jenny Tay and Darren Cheng staged a coffin-themed photo shoot in a park. the couple hopes to "debunk that taboo" by encouraging people to talk about death. a star wars-themed shoot and a zombie apoc
Elias Kachunga puts Huddersfield ahead with his fifth goal of the season. Nahki wells hits the bar before roberto jutkiewicz equalizes for Birmingham. the draw keeps the home side third, while the visitors move up to seventh.
the hit period drama will return to screens this autumn. series four of the show achieved an average of 11.9 million viewers in the uk. previous high profile guest stars include Shirley maclaine and Paul Giamatti.
oil prices have more than halved since mid-2014. oil cartel Opec determined not to cut production as a way to prop up prices. falling oil prices, coupled with western sanctions have hit Russia hard.
the 28-year-old striker was also punished last month after posting a photo of himself alongside his Mercedes car, when Wolfsburg's policy only allows employees to turn up to training in a Volkswagen. "i didn't hear my alarm," the striker told german newspaper Bild.
volunteers used eBay to track down the keyboard of the Lorenz machine. it was advertised as a telegram machine and was for sale for £9.50. the museum is now asking people to search for the motor, another key piece of the equipment.
the projects will get a share of the £450,000 india Wales fund. it is a joint scheme between the two countries to help build relationships. performances will take place in india and wales and some of the work will be available online.
ofsted visited six schools as part of routine inspections and found five were not offering good quality education. one school retained its "inadequate" rating by Ofsted. SPTA accepted improvement was needed but said there was "ample evidence" it was "an effective" academy sponsor.
the 34-year-old full-back spent last season with italian side napoli. he made 18 appearances before being released at the end of his contract. reveillere could make his debut against arsenal on saturday.
FSB wants to make state property registry secret. TI, an anti-corruption watchdog, says new measure will "raise impunity of government officials" government committee approved the proposal this week.
Nato secretary-general said the two sides "disagree on the facts, the narrative and the responsibilities" on Ukraine. relations between Russia and the west have been tense since Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014. russia's envoy
move follows legislation allowing the Scottish Prison Service to interfere with mobile phone signals. technology should enable prison authorities to detect and prevent prisoners' use of contraband phones. pilot sites expected to be operating the technology by the end of the current financial year.
more than 20,000 people have been rescued from their homes or cars. the worst-affected area is the Louisiana capital, baton rouge. president obama has declared the state a disaster area.
Capt Sutton will oversee 900 pilots across the fleet of jetstar airlines. the low cost airline said she was "leading the way" for female pilots around the globe. women make up a tiny proportion of the 130,000 airline pilots worldwide.
the report contains a bogus poll indicating that president uhuru Kenyatta will win august's election. the BBC has urged Kenyans to verify stories by visiting the BBC website.
video of rape of 16-year-old girl in western rio posted on social media. police hunting more than 30 male suspects, including one for the boyfriend. protesters demand an end to sexual violence.
US-based golf course designers Mike Keiser, bill coore and Todd warnock have proposed creating the course at coul links, near Dornoch. four conservation charities have joined forces to oppose the project. the developers said they were aiming for "minimal intrusion on the landscape"
google ceo sundar pichai tells the BBC the UK is still an attractive place to do business. he says open borders and free movement for skilled migrants are important. sources at the technology company say some of its investment could be at risk.
the shelter at Blick mead was used over a 90-year period from 4336 BC, it is believed. archaeologists are showing the finds to united nations heritage experts, who are visiting stonehenge. the finds have also shown stones were warmed up by the inhabitants and used in
1913 - Britain and the Ottoman government sign a treaty recognising the independence of Bahrain but the country remains under British administration. 1961 - Sheikh Isa Bin-Salman al Khalifah becomes ruler of Bahrain. 1971 - Bahrain declares
the 25-year old striker is at Euro 2016 with Belgium. he joined the reds for £32.5m in July 2015 under former boss Brendan rodgers. but he has fallen out of favour under new boss Jurgen Klopp.
Christina grant's family flew her to australia following the death of her son. they believed they had met the requirements of her visa, which expires in july. family told they could apply for a new visa but it could take 30 years.
flood water swept through linen green, near Dungannon. roads remain closed due to flooding and fallen trees. Counties Tyrone, Londonderry and Fermanagh worst affected.
a government-led task force will "fight for a future for our steel industry" the group will be chaired by business minister Fergus Ewing. it is the latest in a series of task forces set up to tackle problems ranging from job losses to environmental crime.
tom Smith will stay at old trafford to assist academy director Gary Yates. the red rose skipper was ruled out for 13 months with a back injury. he was named captain of the team in 2015 but only skippered in one game.
baby was found at a bus stop near a pub in towyn, conwy county, on tuesday. police are concerned for the welfare of the baby's mother and have urged her to come forward.
Hearts will play their first game back in the top flight on sunday. doncaster says there is "real anticipation" ahead of the new campaign. he also responds to reports that the SPFL has been inundated with complaints.
universities in Wales get the majority of their funding through the tuition fees paid by students. they also get an amount from the higher education funding council for Wales. the council has been cut this year by the Welsh government.
the addicks dropped into the relegation zone following 3-0 defeat at home to Preston. the 40-year-old has been in charge at the valley since January. he says injury problems have hampered his team selections.
former journalist says china's behaviour is "very worrisome" for foreign companies. government resorting to traditional "toolbox" of coercive methods, he argues. comments come against backdrop of a Chinese police investigation into alleged corruption by GSK.
BBC radio listeners heard the key moments of their fantastic 1-0 victory. you can watch Sport Wales every Friday on BBC Two Wales and on the iPlayer.
online survey by pollsters YouGov questioned 1,581 people in working families with children. it concluded that 37% of such families would be unable to cover their housing costs. some 48% of families in the survey named the cost of housing as the biggest drain on their budget.
half of all debit and credit cards are fitted with contactless capability. shoppers can spend up to £30 on their card by placing it next to a sensor in a shop. one in 13 purchases was on contactless during the whole year.
Jack Keene, 17, was involved in a collision between a Renault Clio and a minibus. his family described him as a kind, loving and selfless person who "touched the lives of all he met". five other people were injured in the crash near Capel
Iraqi commanders insist that 80% of Falluja is under their control. the city has been held by IS for longer than any other city in Iraq or Syria. more than 83,000 people have fled since the government launched the assault.
Linden nodded in from a Kerys Harrop cross to salvage a point for Birmingham City Ladies. the Germany forward was signed from Frankfurt.
the 20-year-old opted to play for England over the republic of ireland. he played for the republic at under-21s level but turned down a call-up to the senior squad for a friendly against England in June.
annual inflation has been below the Bank of England's 2% target for two years, and last year it was zero. the BoE said earlier this month that it expected inflation to stay below 1% this year. North sea oil prices dropped to a 12 year low of $27.10 last month and
Welshman Davies wins his second gold with an F42 discus world record. hermitage also wins gold number two with a world record in the 200m. weir claims his third gold, again leading home team-mate Richard Chiassaro.
documents key to progressing the improvements have been published. the documents, called made orders, are part of the process towards eventually appointing a contractor and then starting work in 2018.
Ghana defender left out of saturday's home defeat by Ipswich. talks with premier league newcomers are ongoing. Heckingbottom says he "doesn't have" Yiadom until he is told differently.
Liberal democrat AM Eluned parrott said the Welsh government had "wasted" more than £52,000 on them. she accused ministers of spending public money to "promote themselves before an election" the government said it was unapologetic about the campaign.
Iain Henderson starts in second row as Donnacha Ryan struggles with knee injury. fly-half paddy Jackson makes his sixth start in eight games for Ireland. winger Tommy bowe gets the nod ahead of Craig Gilroy or Tiernan O'Halloran.
conservative MP for sherwood, in Nottinghamshire, said people in the Midlands give more than a quarter of the UK's total licence fee but only receive 2% of its investment. the BBC said his figures did not take into account its increasing investment in the region.
Subaru telescope reveals the likely icy body to be some 15.5 billion km from the sun. it will need to be tracked over time to learn the shape and extent of its orbit through the Solar System. the previously recognised most distant object is the dwarf planet Eris.
the surge this year in refugees and other migrants arriving in the uk has been predicted. the EU is now trying a more comprehensive, strategic approach. it includes an attempt to persuade (woo/push) the migrants' countries of origin.
England defeat new zealand 38-21 at Twickenham. three tries in eight second-half minutes seal victory. england's previous biggest win was 13-0 in 1936.
venture's backers include Tesla's Elon Musk, infosys and amazon web services. scientists have warned advances in AI could ultimately threaten humanity. but other experts have argued the risk of AI posing any threat to humans remains remote.
the visitors led briefly through Vasil Lobzhanidze's early try. but the Scots raced ahead through Tommy Seymour, a penalty try, Sean Maitland and Stuart Hogg before the break.
Quins coach conor o'Shea has been linked with the italy head coach job. the 45-year-old led the club to the 2012 premiership title under his tutelage. Quins are third in the premiership table, six points behind leaders Saracens
in 2015, turnout among 18- to 24-year-olds was estimated to be 43%. this year, youGov puts the youth turnout at 58%. polling traditionally shows that a majority of young people vote labour.
born in 1924, sir neville studied at the royal college of music and the paris conservatoratoire. he later established the academy of st martin in the fields, one of the world's leading chamber orchestras. the academy says its founder passed away peaceful
usain boltt beaten by Justin gatlin in 100m final in Stratford on saturday. british sprinter was twice caught doping, once facing a lifetime ban. but he has long been the anti-poster boy for track and field
collision happened on the A21 Bangor to newtownards dual carriageway. road was closed overnight but has now reopened.
before the law was passed, there were about 100 so-called "headshops" selling legal highs. but that number has since been reduced to zero. it became illegal to advertise, sell, supply, import or export psychoactive substances.
the 24-year-old midfielder has made just 23 premier league starts since joining in 2016. imbula joined from porto in a £15.1m deal from Marseille in July 2015.
the man was driving a citroen when it hit the lorry, which was legally parked in a lay-by. the road was closed for about five hours after the crash. any witnesses are urged to contact police.
the body was discovered by a french yachtsman just before 1800 bst on Wednesday. it was recovered by the St Mary's lifeboat and will be repatriated to the mainland. a search was launched for 23-year-old Josh Clayton from Taunton.
Muramasa Sengo is a 19-year-old musician from guernsey. his latest track, love for that, has been played more than a million times on soundcloud. he says he wants his music "to cut like a knife"
the combined list of candidates headed by prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu had performed disappointingly. but politics is about expectations. if he can attract at least one party from the centre or even the left then he should be able to form a government again.
3.7 million workers travel for two hours or longer every weekday, ONS figures show. average daily commute lasted 57.1 minutes in 2015, according to ONS data. long commutes eat into family time and can be bad for working lives too, says TUC.
first planes landed on the sand in the wide bay of Traigh Mhor in 1936. today, it is one of Highlands and islands airports Ltd's busiest sites. flights to and from Barra are dictated by the tide and its three runways are fully
the £22m road bridge linking Danestone and tillydrone is aimed at easing congestion in the north of the city. it was supposed to be completed late last year but issues with re-routing underground utilities have caused a series of delays.
courtney boyle, 19, and her boyfriend Philip Tron, 32, were killed in the attack. courtney's dad said he would "miss his baby girl" and her sister said she was "now a shining yellow star in the sky" police officer, 43, who was off-duty
transport for London had wanted to provide £30m for the proposed £175m bridge. talks broke down after Lambeth council said not enough had been done to attract private sector backing. plans for the bridge were approved in 2014 with the chancellor and London mayor Boris Johnson pledging £30
the show features 19 exhibits around the 105-acre garden in Derbyshire. lilas, by Dame Zaha, was originally created for the serpentine gallery. the sculptures will be on show until 30 October and members of the public can bid to buy them.
Haroon syed, 17, admitted preparing acts of terrorism after trying to source weapons. he was caught after approaching MI5 officers, who were posing as a fellow extremist. last year, his brother was jailed for life for plotting to behead someone on
a number of notable musical birthdays were celebrated in 2016. the Ulster orchestra celebrated its half century with a special day of 50 concerts across Belfast in September. former Belfast poet laureate sinead Morrissey announced she was leaving the city for a new post at Newcastle university
"i leave an institution that has the potential to reach broad audiences," says Nicholas serota. "potential" reflects a predisposition not to blow his own trumpet, a relentless drive. the front-runner is Maria Balshaw, who has done a splendid job as the
clubs could buy domestic players again once they had played their final game of the season. international deals can go through from 10 June. teams can still sign free agents and clubs outside the premier league can bring in loan players in case of an emergency.
charges would be placed on 625 spaces in the area and restrictions placed on a further 741 spaces. petition, set up by hospital staff, describes the scheme as "problematic" residents have until 13 June to submit their views to the council.
New Zealand was one of the original nations involved in the TPP. if a deal is concluded will create a "mega regional" bloc with a combined GDP of $28 trillion.
Sister Nirmala was suffering from various ailments. she took over the running of the charity after mother Teresa died in 1997. the missionaries of charity cares for the homeless and dying in Kolkata.
laws, 26, had been training with arsenal but has decided to remain in the north east. she will fill in for regular goalkeeper Helen alderson, who is going to africa. laws played 18 games for the lady black cats last season.
Mr Jones said talks would fail if it "became a two-way dialogue between Brussels and London" he said all four of the UK's parliaments should "agree to any deal" the call was interpreted by some as a threat to block a future Brexit deal
co-op bank was forced to put itself on the market in February. it was unable to reach a strong enough footing to satisfy bank of england regulations. in June, it said it was in "advanced discussions" with existing investors on recapitalisation
the world bank has said that it's harder to do business in Afghanistan than Iran, Iraq, Syria and Zimbabwe. president Ashraf Ghani inherited an economy in tatters after three decades of war. there's massive corruption, a lack of credit, contracts are difficult
the line between Oxford and didcot parkway was closed for 16 days. flood prevention work was taking place at Hinksey. the tracks have flooded 11 times in 14 years.
one-year-old Fester was handed in to the Dogs trust in darlington in December. the canine was found wandering the streets as a stray and has found a new home. fester was born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out
the letter was penned by lennon when he was 11 years old. he thanks his aunt for presents she gave him, including a book about famous ships. the letter is to be sold at an online auction that closes on 3 April.
the government's promised in-out EU referendum was a vote-winner at the election. but as the 2017 deadline appears on the horizon, it is prompting some tories to murmur of a "Corn Laws-style split" issues that go to the heart of what the
city holds one of four original copies of the charter, which was signed in 1215. schoolchildren who helped make the facsimile also joined the procession. trail of 25 decorative sculptures have also been installed in the city.
Scott brown has led Gordon Strachan's national team recently but Darren Fletcher is back playing at west bromwich albion. dumbarton's scott Wilson won his only international cap against northern ireland in 2011. "it is probably the biggest honour you
college alumni Robin Jenkins and Lily Eckersley-Jones helped transfer the rescue boat to lesbos with college tutor Michel Creber. a narrow stretch of water has become a crossing point for people from Syria and other countries which has claimed many lives. college students working with tutor Michel
police say they broke up the crowd of about 150 in the suburb of Ferguson. a police car reportedly came under fire and a person was hurt in an apparently unrelated shooting in the same area. the shooting of the 18-year-old drew allegations of police brutality.
some of the areas most severely affected are indigenous reserves in the amazon region. the rate of deforestation has been driven down for four consecutive years up to 2012. a selection of people spoke to the BBC's Sarah Robbins about the problems they face.
the south african sides are set to enter the pro12 for the coming season. the cheetahs and kings are expected to be cut from super rugby on 7 july. Solomons says spending long periods overseas would handicap the new additions.
Spanish power company REE owns around three-quarters of Bolivia's power grid. president Morales said he was expropriating the company because it had failed to invest sufficiently in Bolivia. last month Argentina took control of Spanish-owned oil company YPF.
the company reported an 8% increase in profit to $391m (£273m) for the first three months of 2016. sales at stores in china that have been open a year or more rose 6% compared to the same quarter last year. the news boosted Yum's shares
residents want a new plan to be drawn up because not all the area marked in the current proposals need demolishing. council says existing properties in the regeneration area, which includes 598 properties, will need to be demolished under the scheme. residents have been offered one-to-one meetings,
BG group said it was gradually taking workers from the installation by helicopter. a Norwegian vessel which caught fire was about 12 miles away. tugs were being sent from Aberdeen to take the vessel under tow.
two-thirds of Ferguson's residents are black and now half the council. turnout increased from 12% at the last elections, in 2013, to 29%. a video emerged showing an unarmed black man being shot dead by a police officer.
the opening of the TUC's 142nd congress comes amid concern among unions about the speed and scope of the coalition's programme to reduce the £155bn deficit. delegates debated a motion calling for the general council to "support and co-ordinate campaigning and joint union industrial
former huddersfield and birmingham manager will take over at scottish club. former team-mate Alex Rae says he will be a "very good addition to Scottish football" "you definitely see his passion, you see him running up and down the touchline," says
the 34-year-old beats three-time champion Tony Martin on a hilly 47.1km course in spain. victory gives the 2012 tour de france winner a world time trial title. it is his first rainbow jersey on the road to go with the six he has won on
the speed of change, development and growth in Asia is staggering. the new face of global tourism is Asian and any hospitality firm not catering to Asian tourists is missing a profitable trick. with so much construction going on in south-east Asia, you would think Western firms would be rushing to invest.
a hunting knife, an IS flag and a video describing an attack were seized. the men, aged 24 and 25, were arrested in a raid in the western suburb of fairfield. police believe the men were preparing to carry out an attack that day.
David Mackintosh was the leader of northampton borough council when the loan was granted. the £10.25m loan was originally given to the club for the re-development of its stadium. club currently faces a winding-up petition from HM Revenue & Customs
people born in the early 1980s have an average wealth of £27,000 each, says institute for fiscal studies. they are the first post-war group not to have higher incomes in early adulthood. think tank says the great recession hit the pay and employment of young adults hardest.
photographer Craig Mann, whose work usually features landscapes from around the world, used Photoshop to make the pictures. they feature characters such as princess leia, darth vader, bounty hunter Boba Fett and ewoks.
women's world number one serena Williams says comment is "offensive and very inaccurate" male counterpart, Novak Djokovic, claims his tour should fight for more money. equal prize money in all four majors since 2007 - including Indian wells.
cockerill leaves his position as head coach of premiership club. the 46-year-old has been with the club since 2004. head coach Aaron Mauger will take over on an interim basis.
the 91-year-old is accused of engineering bogus transactions to hide financial difficulties. the charges were filed by then-new york attorney general Eliot Spitzer in 2005. both have denied the allegations, saying they have no merit.
Somerset were all out for 437 - a lead of 36. notts lost Steven Mullaney and michaellumb early, before closing on 58-2. imran tahir claimed six of the seven wickets to fall.
directors Anthony O'Sullivan, 47, and Martin Lincoln, 46, were given 24-week terms. they admitted 12 offences at the city's crown court on friday. an investigation was launched in 2013 after large quantities of meat was sold.
PC Ed barker, of greater manchester police, stopped a man falling 40ft (12m) he ran up the building's fire escape steps before catching him just as he tried to throw himself. PC Barker has been awarded the force's John Egerton Trophy.
EPA says VW has not produced an acceptable way forward. EPA disclosed VW's use of "defeat devices" in diesel cars in September. the devices disguised diesel cars' emissions levels.
James Alabi scored for the Blues early on. Anthony dudley put Macc ahead with a firm header. Kane Richards did eventually stab Chester level from another durrell ball in.
suspected bookmaker approached two Sri Lankan players ahead of the match. both players turned down the approach and the authorities were informed. a police inquiry and anti-corruption investigation have been launched.
five-time world champion beats fellow englishman 10-1 in sunday's final. he equalled the biggest-ever margin of victory in a Masters final with 9-0. the 40-year-old attributed his win to his ability to modify his game.
the premier league kicks off its 25th anniversary season on friday 11 august. sky sports were awarded the rights to screen 10 Friday night matches. last season the broadcaster chose seven fixtures for the slot.
water charges are one of the main sticking points to reaching agreement. a commission to consider the future of national water utility Irish water is one of proposals being considered.
Mackie has scored twice in 33 Championship games for the Rs since joining. the 31-year-old found the net 18 times in 94 games in his first spell at loftus road. midfielder Karl Henry, 34, will leave the club after not being offered a new contract.
albino deer occur once every 100,000 births, so this is really unusual.
relatives in the uk say they are "devastated" and the disappearance is "out of character" it is believed the family stopped in turkey on their way home before entering the war-torn country. police have not said whether any family member was on any terror lists.
gondolas would run from central train station to penarth, vale of glamorgan. CBC chairman says it would carry 2,500 passengers every hour. the scheme would cost about £20m per mile.
the police admitted a claim of wrongdoing in public office in 2015. it was sued by John Flynn over two attempts on his life in the 1990s. a notorious UVF unit is believed to have been responsible for the attempts. the PSNI appealed against an attempt
the alleged meddling in the 2016 election is the subject of high-level investigations. the u.s. president was told last august by sources deep within the Russian government. former administration official: "there was a sense of immediate introspection"
residents in south ham area of basingstoke complain about noise coming from ground. club apologises, blaming wi-fi receiver picking up frequencies of taxis' radios. police have checked premises after a call from a member of the public.
four masked assailants attacked the Yeni Safak building, it says. no casualties were reported. the two papers support the governing AK party of president recep Tayyip Erdogan.
the multi-million pound investment has been partly funded by charitable donations. by 2012, the scanner appeal had raised £2m and it was expected to be in place by 2013/2014. the scanner will be used in the diagnosis of a wide range of medical conditions.
jacqui Thompson was arrested in 2011 for refusing to stop filming a council meeting. she sued councillor mark james for libel and he counter-sued for posts on her blog. the high court found she had run a campaign of "haras
a male 39-year-old foreigner alerted airline staff early on monday, who then called the authorities. police said the man had lost two watches and foreign currency. the man was a Turkish watch merchant flying in economy class from dubai.
french voters go to the polls on sunday to decide between Emmanuel Macron and marine le pen. ms le pen has accused pro-EU centrist mr Macron of being merely more of the same. five big unions have urged their members not to vote for le Pen
home office had been seeking to deport him as a "foreign criminal" the Supreme court ruled this was discriminatory, saying he would not be removed if his parents had married. the deportation case came down to "an accident of birth", was the view of the justices
Jonathan burrows was caught by inspectors at Cannon street station last year. he is believed to have dodged £42,550 in fares from stonegate, east sussex. the financial conduct authority said he "demonstrated a lack of honesty and integrity"
ex-foreign secretaries call for pm to raise murder of ex-russian diplomat in 2006. they say hundreds of thousands of Russian businessmen are detained in jails. pm will be first to visit the Russian capital since Tony Blair six years ago. relations between the uk and Russia
Hartlepool were relegated from the efl last season and lost their opening game at home to dover. macclesfield took the lead in the 38th minute when Danny Whitaker's volleyed effort was superbly tipped away by goalkeeper Scott Loach
Iran has agreed to limit its sensitive nuclear activities in return for lifting of crippling sanctions. it has been building a heavy-water nuclear facility at Arak, the spent fuel from which would contain plutonium suitable for a nuclear bomb. in July, Iran agreed a landmark nuclear deal with
private John parr was the first of his comrades to die fighting germany. he was shot and killed shortly after his 17th birthday. more than 700,000 boys from the uk would go on to fight overseas.
former heavyweight world champion makes graphic descriptions of hurting Bellew. former world champion says he has a "different kind of respect" for the 34-year-old. british boxing body the bbbofc have warned both fighters.
last week, a surprise late bid led by retail veteran Greg Tufnell transformed the race to acquire the retailer. if a deal cannot be struck, the business may still have to be liquidated. but just who are the people aiming to do it?
the country's largest union, the national union of metalworkers of south africa, claims that more than 200,000 members are striking.
mark moogalian was shot in the neck during the struggle on the high-speed train. three other americans - off-duty military servicemen Spencer Stone and Alek Skarlatos, and Anthony Sadler - then overpowered the attacker.
a section of Dunsdale Haugh in Selkirk is to shut with a diversion route put in place via level crossing road. the closure, starting 3 may, will see a new flood protection wall built and a culvert installed. councillors said a "consider
Southampton, Portsmouth and Isle of Wight councils applied to the government to create an authority. they said they had been allocated £900m over 30 years by the government. but the money now appears to have been lost because of opposition by Hampshire county council.
de Roon moved to Teesside in 2016 for an initial £8.8m fee. the 26-year-old scored five goals in 36 league and cup games during his spell at the club. manager garry monk confirmed the club's interest in signing midfielder Lewis Baker.
the carriage took the world war two prime minister's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. the restoration cost about £30,000.
"the week before christmas was 175% busier than any week we'd ever had before," says dr Tim ladbrooke. nurse Eugene maynard, receptionist Lucy dogley-darani and pharmacist rubinder Authi.
customers who bought any model of the Mysingso chair to return it for a full refund. recall comes after reports users received injuries to their fingers that needed medical treatment. Ikea has received reports from Finland, Germany, the us, Denmark and australia.
india scraps 1,000 (£11.8) and 500 notes in a surprise move last week. the government wants to stop holders of "black cash" offloading old rupee notes. supporters say it is a handy way for the government to tackle corruption. critics are wondering what happens
Chastain announces she will donate her brain to research into concussion. the 47-year-old footballer is one of a number of sporting figures helping to research the disease. no female athletes have been found to have suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
woman's husband and the lorry driver were rescued and taken to hospital. the building is split into five flats and the couple had been watching tv. one other man who was in the building at the time was evacuated unhurt. police are urging drivers to stay
cricket australia CEO pays tribute to "hero to kids around the nation" australia cricket team coach Darren lehmann: "RIP you little champ, we are all going to miss you" former australian prime minister: "for a young life to be cut short playing our national game seems a shocking aber
Gary Gardner's 30-yard strike puts Nottingham forest ahead at the break. substitute aluko rescues a draw for the home side with 17 minutes remaining. abel Hernandez hits the post for the visitors before substitute Burke equalizes.
a team at Harvard university used stem cells to produce hundreds of millions of the cells in the laboratory. tests on mice showed the lab-made cells could treat type 1 diabetes. more research is needed before this could become a cure.
Troy deeney and ayew allegedly involved in incident involving home fans. reports suggest the Ghana international climbed over advertising boards. the 24-year-old is believed to have taken exception to something said in the Sir Elton John Stand.
more than 9,000 attended the testimonial for left-back stevenson against sunderland. the 29-year-old has been at the club since coming through the youth ranks. he played 40 times last season as hibs won the championship.
Lindahl has been with Chelsea since december 2014. the 33-year-old won silver at the 2016 rio olympics with her country. she helped the blues win a domestic double in 2015.
Sharbat Gula, whose haunting green eyes made her famous, fled Soviet-occupied Afghanistan as a child. she has been accused of living in Pakistan on fake identity papers and faces up to 14 years in jail. many believe she is just one among thousands of Afghan refugees who committed the same off
the ShakerScope is a light source which can be quickly adapted to look in people's eyes, ears and throats. unlike regular devices it does not need batteries. shaken for 30 seconds produces enough current to light the device for three minutes.
two people were taken to queen elizabeth university hospital. other residents from the flats received medical assessments at the scene.
up to 30,000 vehicles use the route between Oxford and Witney each day. an accident on the A40 can lead to delays of up to two hours. the public consultation closes on 8 November.
the 24-year-old is manager Alan pardew's fifth signing of the summer. he replaces mathieu debuchy, who has completed his move to arsenal. Janmaat made five appearances at the 2014 world cup in brazil.
Camelia Lupu was last seen leaving her home address in Stalybridge. her brother, Noevelle Lupu, has also been reported missing. it is believed the pair are with 19-year-old Marius Savin who is wanted on suspicion of their abduction.
a 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction. the girl from Teesside was reported missing at 22:00 BST on thursday.
the reverend Andrew foreshew-cain is leaving his congregation in west hampstead. he said he felt under constant pressure being a gay man working in the church. the diocese of London said a letter from his bishop said 'that'
the 26-year-old striker has been on the bench for much of this season. but he will start ahead of Scotland's four other strikers at Hampden on sunday. he scored 40 goals for Celtic last season but was given only 15 minutes of action.
the 28-year-old former manchester city defender joined the club on loan in 2014. he has been a regular in Derek McInnes' side for the past two-and-a-half seasons.
the teams meet again on Saturday night in the second match of their double-header. Nottingham lead the league on 28 points, with Sheffield Steelers on 27 and Belfast 25.
thousands of mostly young Somalis were playing in the surf on a recent Friday afternoon. the city notorious for its decades of anarchy, famine and violence. a range of new business ventures have opened up at Lido beach.
Fr Sullivan (1861 - 1933) was one of 39 to be named in a decree signed by Pope Francis to be beatified - officially recognised as 'blessed' he was declared a 'Servant of God' in 1960 and in 2014 he has been made
the cut-outs were created when ill-health prevented the french artist from painting. matisse cut out paper shapes for collages, producing famous pieces such as the snail and blue nude. the exhibition opens on Thursday and features about 130 artworks from the latter stage of his
baby was taken to hospital and died later at Leeds general infirmary. baby had been left in the sole care of the 25-year-old when he became ill. forensic pathologist said he had suffered serious bleeding around his brain.
former education and welfare officer Lucy Ward claims unfair dismissal and sex discrimination. she was dismissed after returning from commentary duty at the 2015 women's world cup. the club denies any improper conduct and say she exceeded her annual leave entitlement.
pop legend lost his cool during his performance at Gloucester's Kingsholm stadium. steward tried to stop people with cheaper tickets blocking view of concert-goers at the front. the legendary singer-songwriter later got the woman on stage and apologised.
palace are looking for their eighth manager in seven years. former england boss says he has no ambitions to take another job. allardyce led the club to eight wins in 21 games to finish 14th.
the council is consulting on shutting bodlondeb in penparcau, Aberystwyth. report said residents would have to move to other homes - potentially long distances away. council previously said building would need significant investment to continue operating.
images show the swirling clouds of the gas giant at both its poles. flyby took the spacecraft just 4,200km above the planet's multi-coloured atmosphere. principal investigator Scott bolton said new things were already obvious.
reform Scotland's 'thinning blue line' report argues more officers solving fewer crimes. but the report doesn't seem to have the data or proof to categorically support this claim. the clear-up rate has decreased from 12 to 8 between 2006/7 and 2013/14
Rivington Biscuits in Wigan will cut 99 of its 123 staff, keeping 24 while it seeks a buyer. administrators said a "sustained deterioration" since the EU vote had exacerbated its financial difficulties.
Kickstarter criticised for lack of communication over the collapse of the Zano project. new update details how its funding had been apportioned across the project. firm reiterates its intention to "co-operate fully" with trading standards.
police initially said business rivalry was a more likely motive for the attack. two men suspected of involvement had been arrested. authorities are increasingly concerned about IS-related attacks as a number of Malaysians have gone to fight in Syria.
eight of the 11 candidates for the ninth secretary general are from eastern europe. lukewarm backing for national candidates at home, and failure to pull together to back one individual. Bulgaria has proposed Irina bokova, current head of Unesco, cultural and educational wing of the
six suspects were arrested in italy, four in the uk and three in Norway. police say some of the suspects may have travelled to Syria or Iraq. the network was allegedly plotting to free its leader, Mullah Krekar. Krekar is the founder of the
Cpl Kylo Gorman's medals for service in Afghanistan and at the queen's diamond jubilee were taken from his car. he said he "wasn't that bothered at first", but the reaction online "got me thinking 'it is
libraries in 118 cities around the world nominated 160 books for the 2016 prize. other nominees include this year's Bailey's women's prize for fiction winner. the 100,000 euro (£71,300) prize winner will be announced on 9 June 2016.
Snibston discovery museum is based at a former colliery. county council says £4m heritage lottery fund bid came with strings attached. museum is the most visited in the county. some of the buildings were included on english heritage's most recent at risk register
ander Herrera's first-half strike gave united a lead they deserved in a game low on intensity with both teams already assured of places in next season's Champions League. former barcelona keeper Victor Valdes was on for David de gea, who went off with an
England collapse from 100-0 to 164 all out as Bangladesh claim their first Test victory. the collapse was the third worst by any team who have been 100-0 in Test history. captain mushfiqur Rahim says the next challenge is to adapt to overseas conditions.
bill McCrea was a chaplain for the Sailors' society in 1969. he was on duty at the merchant navy and national sea training college in Gravesend. the disaster marked the beginning of months of shared grief and years of recovery.
the poor summer has had a big impact on the small, flying mammals. some very young ones have been abandoned because their mothers found it difficult to get out to feed and produce milk. volunteers are hand-raising the mammals in their homes before releasing them back into the wild.
a 38-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm. people said they saw a man attack another on the train then run out of the station. police said they were not treating the attack as terrorism, but as a hate crime. services
the north of England has roared back at London - this result underlines the disconnect between the capital and the outlying parts of the country. in Scotland the biggest and most pressing question is whether this vote could spell the break-up of the UK and hasten the day we see an independent
a further 13 pupils at the fee-paying school have been suspended for using e-cigarettes. another pupil has been suspended and given a final warning after the discovery of the drug. rector said police were conducting an investigation into the incident.
QPR lead 2-0 from a corner after a scrappy goal from Nedum onuoha. a penalty from tjaronn Chery makes it 2-0 before Polter fires in a third. new Leeds boss garry monk sees his side
reports that force's helicopter had been used for inappropriate filming. all five are charged with misconduct, Sheffield magistrates' court heard. reports relate to four alleged incidents between 2007 and 2012.
move poses a challenge to Nintendo's Wii U Game Pad. allows users to control games on handhelds and show extra information about progress. demo showed first-person shooter Halo 4 using the facility to trigger maps and other data about its in-game environment.
many clubs have been looking outside of the Scottish border for new talent. Celtic built their title-winning side around a solid foundation at the back last season. dedryck boyata signed a four-year contract this summer.
runway closed for two periods - of nine and five minutes - after drone was sighted. easyjet said four of its flights were diverted, while BA said one aircraft was diverted to Bournemouth. 70 near misses involving drones in 2016, more than double the year before
Rajab was convicted in 2012 of taking part in illegal gatherings and disturbing public order. he was one of several leading activists arrested by the authorities after pro-democracy protests erupted in 2011. rights groups have campaigned on behalf of him throughout his prison
Kenny Miller's brace and Joe dodoo's third earned Rangers the win. the visitors started the match as favourites. but it was more of a bruising battle than a beautiful game.
a leaked document said a group of organisations had come together and was the last remaining bidder in the process. the deal is due to be awarded in December. if successful, the consortium will co-ordinate cancer care in the county.
memorial stone was unveiled in the french village of guillemont. a core has been removed from the stone and will return to the island. of the 863 men who died, an estimated 120, known as "the Jersey pals", were killed.
Exeter chiefs beat sale sharks 19-5 in the premiership. winger Denny Solomona scores a try for the visitors. the win keeps Exeter second in the table.
operation jasmine was the biggest inquiry into alleged neglect in six care homes. two homes were owned by 66-year-old dr Prana das. the case collapsed after he suffered a brain injury and could not stand trial. "we need a full and
Thierry Bifouma puts Congo ahead in the 87th minute from a Ferebory dore cross. goalkeeper Germain Sanou punches the ball on to the shoulder of fabrice ondama. aristide Bance scores the winner in the last 10
last month, the supreme court ruled that the anthem must be played in every cinema. some 20 people have been held in Kerala and Tamil Nadu since then for remaining seated. reports said the BJP's youth wing lodged a complaint against him.
the wing of an american airlines plane clipped the tail of a southwest airlines plane. passengers had to remain on board the planes but there are no reports of any injuries. the faa has said it will investigate the incident at Detroit metro airport.
most jobs growth is in full-time work, according to latest ONS figures. number of women in temporary roles is also on the rise, but they're much slower to get a second job. at 3.2% annual growth rate for June earnings, including bonuses, that's the fastest rate for
Lizzie mould, from Bristol university, developed a "green" realistic snow for film and tv. it took her two years and "few hundred attempts" but now her new liquids are being sold to the industry. the firm has previously worked on James Bond film Spec
psychiatric patients now spend six fewer days in hospital than in 2012-13. the average number of "bed days" per patient per year has fallen by 10%. healthwatch says some patients are being discharged too early and without enough support.
Gracie Mellalieu, nine, is one of just five people in Wales with Morquio syndrome. the condition affects the way bones and joints grow. a new drug called Vimizim has been approved by the Welsh government. it will cost about £880,000
most of the squad have been able to train on friday ahead of the match with the dons. motherwell were forced to postpone an under-20s game against celtic on tuesday.
Phyllis Schlafly was an outspoken opponent of feminism and abortion. she helped Republicans block the Equal rights amendment in the 1970s. her death was announced by the Eagle forum, a conservative group she founded.
DSI plumbing and heating admitted two breaches of the health and safety at work act 1974. faults were found at 309 properties in Poole and 40 flats in reading. homes in Harbour Reach, Poole, were evacuated following a gas leak in 2009.
there are 2,600 UK students in universities in the Netherlands this term - up by a third in a year. university of Groningen has had to put on special open days for around 300 students from the uk. the 400 year-old university now designates itself as an english-
8% of northern ireland's population claim some knowledge of Ulster-Scots. former department of culture, arts and leisure published proposals for an Irish language act in 2015. but in the same year it published a strategy to enhance and develop the language, heritage and culture up until
police are looking for two women in connection with the disappearance of sherri papini. her husband reported her missing after she failed to pick up their children from day care. a $50,000 reward is being offered to find those responsible for her capture.
the bill would require the performers to work for tips in special areas. some performers have been criticised for being overly aggressive. in recent months, topless women called desnudas joined the performers.
Adriano guedes, 63, was paralysed by a stroke in 2008 and was admitted to hospital in 2014. he was evicted two weeks ago after the hospital obtained a court order. the hospital said it had worked "extensively" with the patient
non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) can offer only an estimate of Down's risk. NIPT involves taking a blood sample from the woman to look for DNA from the baby circulating in her blood. doctors can also use the test to determine a baby's sex
ballymena sign former linfield defender Darren boyce on a 30-month deal. the 27-year-old spent this season on loan at dungannon swifts. he had been on the transfer list at Coleraine but was not given a squad number
the 2013 Active travel act failed to achieve its potential due to a lack of funding and leadership. local councils are obliged to provide routes for cyclists and walkers and to consider their needs when planning new road and rail links. there was "considerable frustration" among supporters of active travel at the
two of the Republican hopefuls have stumbled across the line, the other leapt across it so egregiously that it is causing reverberations. john avlon: if a president's faith is inconsistent with the values and principles of this nation,
Emmanuel manzi from italy won the event at Llanberis. Richard Roberts was the first Welsh competitor to finish. organisers say the 10-mile (16km) race attracts some of the best mountain racers in Europe.
Sir Kevin has referred himself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards. it follows a report saying he received fees for sponsoring dinners and a breakfast. he said all the fees were paid to charity.
the number of weibo users fell after china's censors strengthened control of online discussions last year. the sale is a big test of demand for Chinese internet stocks ahead of an anticipated listing by the Alibaba group.
the team are back together, practising and getting ready for their next competition. Hayley caught up with them in Yorkshire, and even set them a cheeky challenge!
a 26-year-old man sustained facial injuries during the incident on a number 9A bus travelling on Paisley road, tradeston. police described the man they are looking for as white, in his 50s, of heavy build. he has blotchy skin and a
the small island in the Pacific is home to an important strategic US airbase. it's also home to about 6,000 troops and some 165,000 civilians. the guamanian authorities say there is nothing to fear from north Korea's angry rhetoric. "it is scary to think that
larissa hooley, 48, and Nigel haines, 59, died during a dive in 2014. father-of-three Stephen Martin, 56, was due to face trial on charges of involuntary homicide. he was the most experienced diver of the three,
the Dow Jones closed up 67.18 points at 17,073.95, while the broader S&P 500 rose 1.77 points to 2,001.76. oil firms led the Dow higher, with Chevron adding 3.1% and exxon gaining 2.6%.
Zaporizhya is typical of eastern Ukraine in that it was full of communist monuments and street names. new laws say they must be removed because they symbolise the country's repressive past. the campaign has triggered controversy, with critics saying that it is a
world number one has said beating him would give them a boost of greater significance than the point they would put on the scoreboard. talismanic Ian poulter has an 80% winning record in his four Ryder Cups to date. there is strength in depth in the united states team
a woman was dragged out of her vehicle during the raid. an axe was said to have been thrown at a police car. four men have been charged with two counts of robbery.
since 2006, its UK business has been a subsidiary of its european headquarters in Luxembourg. anyone buying anything from amazon in the UK makes a payment to the retailer in Luxembourg, with the profits taxed there rather than here. campaigners against tax avoidance arrangements have taken a dim view of all
at least 39 migrants, including several children drowned that day. nowrouz was among more than 60 rescued, what came next was a 12-day struggle to recover the bodies of his loved ones and bring them home for burial. at the Afghan consulate in Istanbul, zia zaki
british sprinter Justin gatlin is nominated for the IAAF male athlete of the year. the 32-year-old has won six of the seven fastest 100m times this season. last month he ran the fastest ever one-day sprint double in Brussels.
millions of pounds of public money loaned to northampton town football club appear to have vanished. the MP has denied any wrongdoing. a majority of his party's local executive council said they would vote to deselect him.
a group led by americans Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan bought a controlling 60% stake in Swansea in a deal ratified by the premier league on 1 July. the trust, which retains a 21.1% holding, is disappointed with progress. chairman Phil Sumble
gareth entwhistle, 34, admitted causing death by careless driving. he will appear again at Swansea crown court at the end of July.
england and wales meet in group b at euro 2016 on Thursday (14:00 bst) last week, gareth bale said the Welsh had more passion and pride than the english. bale scored the opening goal as Wales beat Slovakia 2-1 in their first game
labour leader expected to set out changes to limit union influence in candidate selection. he says he wants to "mend", not end, links but insists he runs the party. former home secretary Lord Reid said dispute was battle for direction of the party.
report claims theresa may and jean-Claude Juncker clashed over dinner. pm says there are similarities and common ground in the two sides' positions. she also declines to commit to settling issue of expats' rights by June.
Martin made 38 appearances last season for livingston, scoring five goals. he was in his second spell with the club with whom he started his career.
the Welsh government refused to underwrite the £350m private funding for the Welsh circuit. developers say they have a new deal which could proceed within eight weeks. the circuit of wales has attracted interest from a number of circuit owners.
report due to go before the authority's cabinet on 15 July is proposing to make the cuts to cope with "a significant funding shortfall" the proposed cuts would see 195 job losses, 47 of those posts are already vacant according to the authority. plans could also see the closure of woodside lodge care
Alistair Roy's shot secured the victory with three minutes left. mark Nicolson was off target with a shot and Kyle macLeod headed at Darren dolan.
the 19-year-old was called up into the Wales senior squad for the first time for the world cup qualifier against Serbia earlier this month. defender Adam El-Abd, 32, has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual agreement.
Margaride Rufino, 38, and Anthony Roberts, 37, were found dead at an address in Idle. their two-year-old daughter is being cared for by family members. detectives are treating the incident as murder but are not looking for anyone else.
the 22-year-old left-back is expected to be sidelined for "up to eight weeks" after the knock in a 6-1 loss to Bournemouth. Robertson picked up the knock during the second half of the defeat at the Vitality stadium.
inquest into 14-year-old's death will look into whether failures by government and police contributed. days later the body of Latvian builder arnis zalkalns was found nearby. inquest will also examine why he was allowed to live unchecked in
"they were killed in a brutal, inhumane way," a spokesman for the provincial governor says. seven members of the Afghan security forces have also been killed, he adds. the Taliban deny killing civilians, saying its fighters killed 28 members of a militia
a 16-year-old suspect was arrested and remains in custody, police say. a 17-year old is being questioned on suspicion of murder, the met says. the victim was taken to hospital from crown street, acton, on friday.
the memory of the "boy from bassendean" is being erased by the local council. "we simply cannot tolerate the horrendous crimes for which he's been convicted," mayor says. there is speculation that Harris could be stripped of his Order of australia award.
PSA wants to buy GM's loss-making european arm, which includes Vauxhall plants. there are fears that the deal could lead to job losses. the company said it was engaged in a "constructive dialogue" with all parties.
the Scottish Salmon Company (SSC) said it was hit by "exceptional mortalities" amounting to 1,300 tonnes - about a fifth of its potential harvest. the company also said "biological challenges" such as sea lice had led to a lower mean weight of fish harvested.
Invest NI signed a PFI contract for its new headquarters in Belfast in 2005. after the property crash, it became a very bad deal. the rent in 2012 was at least double the market rate and set a record for Belfast.
in laboratory tests, two sweetgrass compounds drove mosquitoes away from fake blood samples. folk remedies are a rich source of possible new repellents. researchers isolated these chemicals from the grass by passing steam through it. further tests are needed to see how long the effects last.
the jury failed to reach a verdict and were discharged. the prosecution has until Thursday to decide whether to pursue a retrial. judge says it will have been a "chastening experience"
dispute dates back to 1980 when the Beatles noticed an advert for a fledgling computer company. with the advent of iTunes and the iPod this changed and battle recommenced. a popular sandwich bar in Birmingham faced the wrath of Hollywood with its choice of Hungry Hobbit as the
people in 120 homes in wisbech told to boil their water "until further notice" tests showed "naturally occurring organisms that should not be there" firm advised people to boil and cool all drinking water as "a precautionary measure"
Oculus rift and the HTC vive are both released in the next few weeks. at the games developer conference in san francisco Sony unveiled its launch date and price. there is still confusion about how VR will be used beyond gaming.
alastair cook and Joe root help england declare on 173-1. moeen ali takes three wickets and james anderson takes three. Pakistan lose their last six wickets for 89 runs to lose on the fourth day.
Japan society was formed in 1996 to help newcomers to northern ireland integrate. members say the society is about much more than that too. there was a performance by a group of Japanese taiko drummers from Londonderry. students visiting Belfast from Rikkyo
the plan is for stockpiles to go under international control and be destroyed. the wording of a joint US, french and uk resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is unlikely to be agreed on Tuesday, Whitehall sources tell the BBC. u.s. secretary of state john
conservative peer became ill last month and spent 18 days in intensive care. a spokeswoman said Lord Ashcroft was now recovering in the us. the book contains a series of allegations about the prime minister's student days. sources have said Mr Cameron was never a member of the club
the Taliban has already captured a few of the 14 districts of Helmand, which borders Pakistan. the fall of Sangin district has a symbolic significance for the us-nato led mission in Afghanistan. of the 456 British lives lost in Afghanistan since 2001, most of them - more
Chelmsford prison tells residents there have been "numerous incidents" of packages being hurled over the wall. one former inmate said the jail was "notorious" for being "flooded" with mobile phones and synthetic cannabis. ministry of justice said staff worked "extremely
services will take place at cathedrals in Llandaff in Cardiff, Newport, Bangor in Gwynedd, St Asaph in denbighshire, Brecon in powys and St Davids in pembrokeshire. move comes ahead of consecration of
spending timeline until 2022 shows the price could be about £435,000 more than approved in the Scottish Borders authority's budget earlier this month. the Scottish government contribution to the project has been estimated at about £32.5m. council is being asked to approve the final outline design of the scheme.
the SDLP and alliance party have yet to say whether they will join the executive. majority of the posts in the executive will be filled by ministers from the DUP and Sinn Fin. the alliance party's ruling council is due to meet on Thursday to decide if the party will join
the funeral for pilot captain dara fitzpatrick was held on Saturday. she was the mother of a young son and the most senior pilot with CHC. the search has been impeded by adverse weather conditions.
it was held earlier this month in Hunan province, in a mountain range thought to have inspired the floating mountains of Pandora in the Hollywood blockbuster film.
the Talisker challenge is described as "the world's toughest row" the team, who named their boat Legless, finished fifth out of 26 competing crews. they crossed the finish line in 46 days, 16 hours and 49 minutes.
two 100kW turbines have been installed so far in the shetland tidal array at bluemull sound. the blades for the turbines were made by shetlands-based company Nova Innovation. WWF Scotland said turbines are another "major milestone" on Scotland
Brandon comley signed a two-year deal at loftus road in may. the 20-year-old midfielder has made two appearances for the r's first-team. he made his full debut as a substitute in last season's 5-1 defeat by Leicester
the men, identifying themselves as Andreas Richter and piotr Koper, appeared on tvp. they said they had "irrefutable evidence" the train existed. local legend says a Nazi train filled with gold, gems and guns went missing in 1945
Darby made 194 league appearances for the bantams. the 28-year-old helped them to promotion from league two in 2013. new deals have been offered to goalkeeper Rouven Sattelmaier, defenders Matthew Kilgallon, Rory McArdle
the new director of the Tate wants to change the museum in 20 years as much as her predecessor - Sir Nicholas serota - changed it in the last two decades. around 50% of the population visit a museum or gallery at least once a year, meaning - of course - 50%
six documents taken from an old account belonging to director of the CIA were published. CIA said there was "no indication" that anything classified was released. documents appear to all date to 2009, when Mr Brennan was seeking security clearance.
the RoboCup is a football competition for robots based in the uk. robots are pre-programmed, but there is also an element of learning. last year's runners up finished second in the competition. the ultimate aim is for a team of robots
woman attacked after she accepted a lift by three men in a truck in manali, police say. no arrests have been made but police have set up roadblocks and are searching for the suspects. sexual violence in india has grown since the gang rape and murder of a
the 35-year-old scored 184 goals in 255 games and helped the usa to 2015 world cup glory. she was arrested on Saturday for drink-driving. court documents said "the defendant tried cocaine at age 25"
Alberto contador wins time trial ascent of mont Chery in french Alps. spaniard finishes 11 minutes, 36 seconds ahead of richie porte. team sky's chris froome finishes third. three-week tour de france starts on 2
education at a Glance report compares the costs and characteristics of education systems in industrialised countries. on average a primary school teacher earns 22% less than someone with similar qualifications. primary schools in the uk have 27 pupils per class, compared with an OECD average of 21
five justices in the Supreme court dismissed the challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at batang Kali in 1948 by a four to one majority. the families, who say the men were "massacred", had their case rejected by the UK Court of Appeal last year.
the 25-year-old has signed a five-year deal with the west ham. he left arsenal to join the german side in 2010. nordtveit made his debut for norway in 2011.
the american band said they were "very distraught" by the decision. they said the stage was deemed "unsafe for the fans and everyone involved" many ticket holders took to social media to express their anger at the last-minute announcement.
schools which are their own admissions authorities, like academies or faith schools, are more likely to be at fault, says the report. admission arrangements run by local authorities for community and voluntary controlled schools "are almost always clear and uncomplicated" complex arrangements include numerous oversubscription criteria,
Mauricio pochettino's side beat struggling Swansea 2-1 at white hart lane. alexis sanchez opened the scoring for the home side with a header. substitute angel rangel equalised for the visitors with 20 minutes left.
Celtic nine points clear at the top of the scottish premiership with four games left. 1-1 draw against Ross County sees anti-board protests and boos at the final whistle. manager Ronny deila resigned days after the hoops were beaten by rivals
the 23-year-old joined real at the age of 14 and was part of their champions league-winning squads in 2014 and 2016. he will link up with former sevilla boss unai emery, who succeeded Laurent blanc as PSG manager in June.
the rise will kick in on April Fool's day and will bring salaries to £49,500. but the Assembly hasn't actually sat for a full day of business since march. in the mirror it is claimed 12,000 jobs could go as a result of the stale
the snap drill in the Rostov region was ordered by president Vladimir Putin. the southern military district includes Crimea - the peninsula annexed by Russian forces in 2014. pro-russian rebels also held military drills in eastern Ukraine last week.
Roy guest was sacked by west Midlands ambulance service in 2013. he posted comments hoping Julie Bailey suffered "a life-threatening illness" the health and care professions council suspended him for a year, pending a review.
the flotilla is the latest in a number of protest voyages against the blockade. there was no violence as the navy searched the boat, Israel says. in 2010, nine Turkish activists were killed aboard another vessel.
Scottish conservative leader Ruth Davidson endorsed her party's manifesto. scottish lib dem leader willie rennie said the conservatives were "talking up" the SNP.
around 2,000 people are diagnosed each year, and the numbers are set to increase over the next 30 years. the new fund will entitle UK claimants to 80% of the average settlement paid out in civil actions relating to mesothelioma. around 3,500 patients or their
Tammy Abraham's 22nd goal of the season puts blackburn Rovers in front. on-loan striker Abraham, Matty Taylor and Josh brownhill all wasted chances. blackburn remain four points above the relegation zone with three games remaining.
the 31-year-old scored just twice in 36 appearances in league one last season. he helped shrewsbury to promotion in 2014-15 and finished top scorer at both Crawley Town and macclesfield. barnett, now on the 14th club of his career,
Riek Machar says his rebel faction could still negotiate a peace deal with president salva Kiir. his statement comes despite last week's heavy fighting in the city of malakal. in July, Mr Machar's bodyguards and president Salva kiir
Deutsche bank faces a $14bn penalty to settle an investigation by us regulators. shares in RBS fell by 4.4%, barclays by 2.8% and standard Chartered by 2.7%. the pound fell 1.2% against the dollar to $1.309 and dropped 0.4% against the euro
the man was reported acting erratically in Poole on Tuesday. officers restrained him and performed CPR while waiting for an ambulance. he was taken to hospital but his condition deteriorated and he died on Wednesday.
census finds 32% in Wales have no religion, against a UK figure of 25%. of those in Wales who described themselves as believers, the number of believers fell by 14 percentage points to 57%. church in Wales said Christianity was "no longer the default setting" for many.
Raymond Aubrac and his late wife became important members of Jean Moulin's underground resistance movement in 1942. they were arrested by the Gestapo at a doctor's surgery in the suburb of Caluire in Lyon. the couple escaped when a group of fighters including his wife
police raided a hotel in Lagos state on Saturday afternoon and say the hotel was cordoned off while the investigation was carried out. homosexual acts are punishable by up to 14 years in jail in Nigeria, while gay marriage and displays of same-sex affection are also banned. since Nigeria passed
wigan beat Leeds 12-4 in a re-match of last season's grand final. tries from willie isa, george Williams, dom manfredi and ben flower secure victory. defeat leaves four teams separated by only points at the top of
MK dons appoint new manager after the departure of Karl Robinson. the former england international had been in charge for more than half of the club's existence. chairman Pete winkelman says the club wants to play modern football.
all 32 local authorities have agreed to support a "coordinated response" to the humanitarian crisis. at least 18 local authorities could see the first groups of people arriving before christmas. the Scottish government has pledged to accept at least 2,000 of the 20,000 refugees.
the home side surged to an early lead when Ryan Christie scored with a header after just four minutes. the Cypriot side grew in confidence and stature in the second half, though, and equalised through Ribeiro Santana. indiscipline cost the visitors, with
chopper's crew accidentally turned on its loudspeaker. pilots swearing and discussing oral sex. police say some of the "conversation was inappropriate"
Giovanni Dixon, 17, stabbed James hunter in the heart after the 18-year-old tried to protect him. the court heard Dixon and his friends had set upon Ezekiel Andrews with knives last may. Dixon was found guilty of murder and wounding and sentenced to a minimum
match point clinched after two hours and 39 minutes on centre court. briton, 30, wins 6-2 4-6 6-1 7-5 to seal a place in the last 16 for the 11th time. fellow Briton Johanna konta earlier reached the second week for the first time
suspect charged with attempted murder, triggering explosions and causing serious injury. prosecutors say he was a market trader hoping to make money if the price of shares in the team fell. two people needed medical help after three bombs exploded near the bus. investigators initially treated
clashes break out in hackney as protesters set mattresses alight. family spokesman calls for "dignified" protest. "burning down homes will not give you justice," he says. police warn anyone using his death "as an excuse to commit crime
ex-forest green manager guided the Gills to 20th in league one. he was placed in charge until the end of 2016-17 following the departure of Justin Edinburgh. former england boss john Taylor returns to oversee recruitment and footballing policy.
police in madhya Pradesh state say sedition charge is "hard to prove" they have been charged with "disturbing communal harmony" the men were arrested after their neighbours complained they had burst firecrackers.
IS had "enjoyed Turkish money for oil for a very, very long period of time", he said. turkey denies allowing IS smuggling and the US recently rejected Russian claims. IS has captured swathes of Syria and Iraq, including operational oil fields
the Sioux have been protesting since April against the pipeline. they fear it will contaminate drinking water and run over sacred burial sites. the pipeline is nearly 1,200 miles (1,900km) long.
three animals mauled by a dog in their field in the eastern part of the new forest. owner Susan sears said she was "devastated" Oberon's wounds had not healed. the two other injured animals have received further treatment for their wounds.
a booby-trap device exploded under Adrian Ismay's van in Belfast on 4 march. the 52-year-old died as a "direct result of the injuries" of the bomb. a man appeared in court on Saturday charged in connection with the bomb attack.
a witness says he saw two men restraining Craig grant outside a bar in august 2013. he tells the court he was "shocked" to see the man's face was light grey. the trial continues.
wenger has been linked with the job of manager of the english national team. the 66-year-old says southgate "has accumulated experiences" southgate has a world cup qualifier against Scotland at wembley on 11 November.
winger given straight red card for a challenge on defender Mikael lustig. a Scottish FA disciplinary tribunal rejected the claim of wrongful dismissal. the 28-year-old will now serve a two-match suspension.
more than 30 firefighters tackled the blaze in Shoreditch from 03:45 BST. the london fire brigade has since apologised for its joke about the fire. it said: "sorry if we caused any offence by using the term hipster
Steven souley, 26, and zico malavin, 20, admitted attacking Robert Eadie, 25. victim required surgery to repair a wound to his groin and penis. attack happened at a christmas party hosted by his sister at her flat.
the non-league club's ground at Meadow park was completely submerged by the 2007 floods and they have been unable to play there since. the new ground will be a completely new build, within the boundaries of the old stadium, and will include flood defences. plans will be submitted to
the far-right group posted a video on YouTube showing members in the al-manar Islamic centre in cathays on 20 august. the visit followed claims made in national newspapers in July that an imam at the mosque was a "radical" preacher, which he strenuously
the interactive 3d renderings are assembled from photos of the objects, sourced from tourists who visited them before the destruction. so far the project has received more than 700 photos and produced 15 3d images of artefacts.
alcohol is responsible for around 1 in 20 of all deaths in Wales - 29 a week. a higher proportion of children in Wales aged 11 to 16 were drinking alcohol than in England or Scotland. public health Wales report said progress was being made with heavy drinking falling among adults under 45 but could be on
all 300 shipmen died when the vessel, carrying coins and silver ingots, sank on goodwin sands in January 1740. wreck is high on the heritage at risk register due to its exposed remains and vulnerability to the shifting. archaeologists are now diving, excava
west ham are leaving their home of 112 years at the end of this season for the Olympic stadium in Stratford. the 35,000-seater stadium will be replaced by flats, but food outlets, pubs and street traders face an uncertain future when the Hammers move from E13 to
shrien dewani, 34, is accused of ordering the murder of his new wife, 28-year-old Anni. he denies murder. the family of Mrs Dewani welcomed the extradition adding that they "need justice"
more than 100,000 people a year who would benefit from palliative care are not getting it. report found inequalities in access to good care, with certain groups of patients more likely to miss out. most hospice care goes to cancer patients, even though diseases account for less than a third
Kagiso rabada becomes youngest south african to take 10 wickets in a match. the 20-year-old takes 6-32, with morne morkel taking 3-36, with james Taylor scoring 24. hosts need only 66 minutes and 82 deliveries
ammonia is a tracer for the dynamical flow in the gas giant's gases. the glow is seen to rise up in waves, and could explain the ice clouds detected by the galileo telescope. scientists hope the discovery will help us understand the origin of the great red spot
argentina's education minister wants to give teachers a special legal protection. an attack on a teacher would become an aggravated offence with increased penalties. the plan was developed by the minister and the country's president, Mauricio macri.
golfer says he may have been drugged before he was taken from the bar. retired military man helped him back to his hotel in hawaii. incident being investigated as second-degree robbery.
Aberdeen face hibs in the semi-final of the scottish championship on saturday. the dons have won just two of their past 11 visits to the national stadium. championship winners have won four and lost four of the last five visits to Hampden.
Mr Bahri, also known as Abu Jandal, was also a driver for the late al-Qaeda leader, when he was in Afghanistan. was freed from the Guantanamo bay jail and returned to Yemen in 2008. involved in attacks by Islamist militants in
last week's eruptions shocked residents of the region by bursting into life. the national geology and mines service issued a red alert after the eruption. residents were warned that heavy rain could mix with ash and rock to produce deadly volcanic mudflows.
Thom tillis avoided a runoff election by earning 46% of the vote in the eight-person race. "i want to go to washington and clean up Kay Hagan's mess," he told supporters. Republicans aim to wrestle six seats from the democrats and take control of
former principal Norman cave denied any claims of financial mismanagement. college also held a £170,000 centenary event and paid consultants £2.8m. new bosses at the college said they no longer had the season tickets.
north Wales chief constable mark Polin said the police were likely to "bear the brunt" of further cuts to the home office budget by 2020. home office has said no decisions have been taken beyond this year. north Wales police and crime commissioner Winston roddick said further cuts were inevitable.
former prime minister is a high-profile critic of Russian president Vladimir Putin. video shows him talking to journalist who runs pro-democracy opposition movement. opposition politicians have described the posting as a murder threat.
Blair Riley replied to David Clarke's early goal as the sides went in level after the first period. Matt Towe, James desmarais and Steve Saviano on the powerplay were on target in the second period, with Matt Carter scoring for the hosts.
Chechen Muslim clerics met on 3 April, two days after the paper's revelations. they said the report had insulted their faith and the dignity of Chechen men. "retribution will catch up with the true instigators," their resolution said.
the actor is due to star in a fifth Indiana Jones film, which will be released in 2019. Ford first appeared as Indiana Jones in Raiders of the lost Ark, released in 1981. he most recently starred in 2008's Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull.
Anderson moves past Darren Gough's old record of 234 ODI wickets. the 30-year-old takes the wicket of Mitchell marsh at Edgbaston. only Anderson and Gough have broken the 200-wicket barrier.
some 54 Lloyds branches will be affected, alongside 24 bank of Scotland and 22 Halifax branches. there will also be a net reduction of 325 staff, who were told about the plan on Wednesday morning. last month RBS and NatWest announced the closure of 158 branches across the UK.
GSK will make an upfront payment of $317m to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's late stage HIV drugs, with a further $518m dependent on sales and royalties. sales of Advair, an asthma treatment and a bestseller for GSK, are expected to decline
poster measures 50cm x 76cm (19.6in x 30in) it was bought by a Welshman living in england at auctioneers in colwyn bay. guide price had been £200-£300.
the FA cup qualifying rounds are full of interesting stories. the first round of the competition begins on friday, with 368 teams taking part. a team that was the first team to win the world cup boasts a proud history. another team features the son of former england captain
justice minister michael shatter was embroiled in a public row in may 2013. he accused his opponent, parliamentarian Mick Wallace, of hypocrisy. within days, the minister faced questions in parliament about claims he had once failed to provide an alcohol breath test at
the 30-year-old joined Cobblers on a one-year deal last summer. he made 25 appearances in all competitions for the club. boss Justin Edinburgh said the club were unable to "get comfortable" with his commitments.
the poster shows aliens beaming up a person into their spaceship. it then has "save yourself!" with an arrow pointing to the gym's website. one passer-by said the poster was "ridiculous" and he would "rip it down"
cancer cells in the primary tumour are effectively "fertilising" the bone to help themselves grow. around 85% of breast cancers that spread around the body end up in bone. scientists discovered patients with secondary cancers had higher levels of an enzyme called LOX being produced by their tumours
the FA have charged referee mark clattenburg with misconduct. alleged victim John Obi Mikel has until 30 November to respond to the charge. the 25-year-old was relying on second-hand evidence from his team-mate.
barcelona beat valencia 1-0 in the la liga final at mestalla. alvaro negredo put the home side in front after seven minutes. substitute Wilfrid Kaptoum equalized for barca in the second leg. the result means barca are
the journey to the west is the story of an epic pilgrimage of a Buddhist monk and his disciples. the party travels on a mission to bring ancient Buddhist scriptures from india back to china. Streaming site Netflix has teamed up with broadcast companies in australia and new zeal
one cel depicts the moment the Wicked queen hands snow white the poisoned apple. the other, depicting snow white with animals, sold for £5,600 when it went under the hammer in Etwall, Derbyshire. it is believed the images were first sold in 1938 at an
Daniel Damon is wanted for failing to answer bail for traffic and drug matters. he told police he would turn himself in after getting things "organised" "can you use a better photo tho. This is a horrible mugshot," he said.
Joshua and Klitschko had agreed terms on a world heavyweight title bout. but the Ukrainian is reportedly reluctant to fight without at least one of the belts on line. british boxing legend hearn says he is "crossing fingers" that he takes
Brian Wright, 55, of Kempston, denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving. court heard he was blinded by the setting sun and lowered his visor but was unable to see at the point of impact. the court heard the sun could have been shining into Mr Wright'
in may, Qatar vowed to improve the rights of migrants in the Gulf state. but amnesty says progress to end exploitation has been minimal. report highlights that Qatar is "lagging behind" in reforming controversial laws.
Google's trekker camera backpack used to capture attractions including the Crinan Canal and the Falkirk Wheel. the 4ft-high backpack, which weighs 40lbs, is fitted with a 15-angle-lens camera which takes 360 pictures every 2.5 seconds.
adware dubbed Superfish was potentially compromising their security, experts say. the software was also injecting adverts on to browsers using techniques more akin to malware. Lenovo faces questions about why and for how long it was pre-installed on machines.
rapper Kendrick lamar won the most prizes on the night with five awards. british singer Ed sheeran also won his first two Grammys for song of the year.
Germany's gross domestic product was 1.9% higher last year than in 2015. the annual figure is based on an early estimate that growth was around 0.5%. exports were up by 2.4%, but that was outstripped by import growth of 3.4%.
police were called to honeywell drive, in stepps, just after 21:00. the man is said to be in a stable condition in hospital.
the gang reportedly boasted of their crimes in video clips on social media. they stole cash, smartphones, tablets and even a youth's luxury shoes. police found that the youths possessed several firearms, including a shotgun.
the plane was flying over the amanos mountains in the southern province of Osmaniye. the pilot reportedly sent a message saying "i'm jumping" before contact was lost. rescuers found his body near to the wreckage of the aircraft.
international community urges calm amid fears that fraud claims could result in violence. official results gave president Kenyatta about 54% of the vote, and opposition leader 45%. "we have now decided to move to the Supreme Court to lay before the world the making of a computer-generated leadership,"
Wales leapfrog Kazakhstan and Israel into third place in group 8. the match started in inauspicious fashion as organisers failed to play Kazakhstan's national anthem. Natasha harding headed Wales in front five minutes after the break.
playboy's circulation has fallen dramatically from its peak in the mid-1970s. many of you think it is a most welcome move and might encourage a more respectful portrayal of women in the media. others say that without the nudity, it is the beginning of the end of play
Sturm wins a split decision in his 10th defence of his title in his home city of glasgow. two judges score it 116-112 to 115-113 in favor of irishman Macklin. wba middleweight champion kell Brook retains
her political career was marked by allegations of self-enrichment. she was elected as chief minister of Tamil Nadu on four occasions. critics say she encouraged a personality cult and fostered corruption.
since 2010, the force has axed about 700 officers and 275 members of staff. mounted and dog sections along with road policing units could be lost. details of the force's cuts will be revealed after the government's review.
secondary populations could be utilised to reduce pressure on species' native populations. researchers found 49 cases of a globally threatened species becoming established as a separate population. the yellow crested cockatoo is critically endangered in its native range in eastern Indonesia.
prime minister tells defence minister not to present his resignation at a cabinet meeting. gunmen had demanded parliament pass the Political Isolation Law, which bars Gaddafi-era officials from office. the law could affect other senior members of the government, including the head of the general national
"it'll always be Chavez's home," says maduro of Miraflores palace. acting president has cast himself as his natural successor in office. he has said that the late president had appeared to him in the form of a little bird. opposition leader capriles
eastenders 30th anniversary party ideas. fill basket with cheap crisps, sweets and drinks. make your own queen vic, complete with bar and licence above door.
the 23-year-old has played nine league games for the Spireites this season. the former ivory coast under-20 international has made 98 appearances.
the 24-year-old made 37 appearances for the french top-flight side last season. if the deal goes through, he will be new manager Claudio ranieri's first signing.
severely damaged organs in mice could be restored to near-normal function. findings could eventually help people stuck on a waiting list for a transplant. further tests are now taking place with human tissue.
digital economy bill proposes measures for phone operators and adult sites. ofcom could fine mobile networks up to £2m if they fail to hit service goals. separate age-verification regulator could fine porn sites £250,000. broadband universal service obligation should set 10Mbps as minimum download speed.
the 71-year-old was crushed under the vehicle as she crossed Princes street. the crash happened opposite the waverley steps and beside the balmoral hotel.
historian uncovers impostor who claimed to have been imprisoned at Flossenbuerg. enric Marco was president of Spain's main association of nazi victims. historian Benito Bermejo became interested in Marco after meeting him in 2002.
council ordered to lift ban on live animal exports through port of Ramsgate. paid more than £5m in compensation to traders but has not submitted insurance claim. campaigners said taxpayers had been left to foot the bill as the council missed deadline.
Livi beat their nearest challengers 2-0 thanks to goals from Dale carrick and Nicky Cadden. Brechin moved above alloa and to within a point of second place by beating Stranraer. east fife won Barry Smith's first match in charge
edward hardy, who has dementia and lives in a care home in wookey, Somerset, played for decades but had not touched the keyboard for nearly 25 years. his old bandmates David Payne, 67, Arthur rice, 66, and Ron Foster, 88, got
genome sequence from a thigh bone found in siberia shows first interbreeding. study also supports the finding that our species emerged from africa 60,000 years ago. analysis raises possibility that human line first emerged earlier than current estimates.
the opposition is invited to joint talks to discuss the framework for a national dialogue conference. the meeting's organiser, louai hussein, calls for an end to the government's brutal crackdown. he says no such conference had been held in the country for decades.
footage posted online shows injured fans and officers in body armour wielding batons. police say eight fans were arrested for "causing a mess" in the plaza major. a witness told BBC 5 live: "there were a couple of people who probably antagonised the
education secretary Kirsty Williams said children were being "banked" at lower qualifications. Steve Davies told the assembly's public accounts committee the government wants to take action on the issue in the autumn.
the victim, 12, was stabbed 19 times but survived. investigators say the two girls had been plotting for months to kill their victim. a judge entered not guilty pleas on behalf of both girls at a hearing on friday.
a total of 276 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram from the town of Chibok. more than 20 were released in a deal brokered by the international red cross. over christmas, 21 of the young women freed returned home for the first time.
the 36-year-old was taken to a hospital in a critical condition. he died in hospital shortly after 07:00 GMT and his next of kin have been informed. police are treating the death as "unexplained" and enquiries at the home are ongoing.
Toshiba warns the writedown of its nuclear business could see losses exceed 1 trillion yen. the Japanese government confirmed on Wednesday that it was aware of Toshiba's plans. Toshiba has suffered huge cost overruns at two us projects in Georgia and south Carolina.
bandleader Maurice white has died at the age of 74. they sold more than 90 million albums around the world. blending jazz, Latin and soul with an infectious rhythmic pulse.
we all watch the show to see the mess-ups, the catastrophes, and the all-out disasters. the hypnotherapist made a solid impression when she told her team of female contestants that they had to wear make-up and short skirts to help them stand out
new series of geordie shore starts on 7 April on bbc1. figure skating champion chloe, 19, admits she "hooked up" in the house. nathan, 23, says he was worried being bisexual would be a problem.
trams ran in the city between 1904 and 1953 before being replaced by buses. in December, they returned with the opening of the Midland Metro service. once complete, trams from Wolverhampton will continue in to Birmingham.
red bull team principal Christian Horner says title hopes were a "long shot" but Mercedes' reliability problems gave them a chance. reigning champion Lewis Hamilton is almost completely out of the reckoning. mercedes have an "enormous advantage at this point," says Horner
around 9,000 people were killed, and more than 8 million affected by the earthquake. it also caused massive damage to roads and buildings, with schools closed and people left homeless. as time passes things are slowly starting to return to normal, and aid organisations like world vision are helping people get their lives back on track
the 20-year-old had been due to go on trial for allegedly driving an £80,000 Porsche while banned. he has also been accused of attempting to pervert the course of justice. at Glasgow's justice of the peace court, it was said Mr Feruz was in
Otto warmbier has "extensive loss of brain tissue" which was likely caused by cardiopulmonary arrest. there is no sign that he was physically abused during his detention, his father says. the 22-year-old was arrested in 2016 while visiting north Korea as a
England captain unbeaten on 95 overnight reaches 101 not out off 198 balls. england draw 76-7 in second innings after declaring on 379-6 at tea. first Test against west indies starts in antigua on 13 April.
Ormond was down twice at the end of the final round as two left hands to the body secured a 10-7 round for Evans. the judges scored the contest 97-91, 99-89, 96-93 in favour of the Welshman. victory over ormond will improve his WBO
six members of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg blocked the entrance to the building at about 06:30 GMT. the protestors said the action was part of a general campaign to put pressure on the labour administration in Wales to act urgently for the
footballers and entertainers have income from image rights paid into offshore accounts. dozens of footballers are under investigation for potential irregularities in their tax affairs. HMRC's head of enforcement, jennie grainger, said 43 players, eight agents and 12 football clubs were under investigation.
Gurney has signed a new three-year contract with notts. the 30-year-old has been at the club for five years. Gurney joined the club from east Midlands rivals Leicestershire in 2011.
party spokesperson said timing made it "impractical" to put together and finance "a meaningful campaign"
neighbours entered the burning property in an attempt to rescue two cats. the women had inhaled smoke and were taken to hospital with breathing difficulties. fire destroyed the front door and caused heavy smoke damage to the house.
the 29-year-old died from a cardiac arrest triggered by hereditary heart disease. he collapsed on the pitch during a match at London Skolars on 3 may. his widow, Lizzie, has asked people to wear rugby league shirts for the service.
the Nuit Debout movement has organised nightly rallies since 31 march. police cleared away a protest camp on a central Paris square on monday. Mr Valls announced the new aid package during a meeting with student leaders.
mp Jo cox was shot and stabbed after holding an advice session for her constituents. witnesses say the killer shouted "Put Britain first!" before shooting and stabbing her. the murder has sparked outrage across the world.
the money is on top of £58m already allocated for 2014-15 to a sector which covers more than 230,000 homes. the extra cash for each county ranges from just over £700,000 in Cardiff to nearly £111,000 for Merthyr Tydfil.
porto beat chelsea 1-0 in the el clasico at the estadio do dragao. andre andre gave porto the lead with a volley six minutes before half-time. jose mourinho's side have concede
"the fellowship is for all of us," says the 70-year-old comedian. he is a founding member of world-renowned comedy troupe monty Python. the bafta TV awards will be hosted by Graham Norton on tuesday.
revelations come from letters sent by the prince of Wales to labour ministers a decade ago. the letters have been published after a lengthy legal battle. prince wrote: "i, for one, cannot understand how the 'badger lobby' seem to mind not at all about the slaughter of thousands
the collision happened at about 12:35 GMT at Tamnamore. the motorway has been closed in both directions. police are urging anyone who witnessed the crash or saw the man's Honda civic before the collision to contact them on the non-emergency number 101.
Carlsen seals victory after three weeks of play and a series of tiebreakers. chess reached its height in the 1970s when the game was overshadowed by Cold war rivalry. the prize of $1.1m (£879,000) is divided between the two players
Lord oakeshott has donated £600,000 to lib dem, labour and green candidates. he quit facing disciplinary action for commissioning research. research suggested the party would do better without nick clegg.
collision involved a silver Porsche and a grey Toyota hilux. the 30-year-old driver of the Porsche was airlifted to Aberdeen royal infirmary. driver of pick-up was uninjured.
the five-week-olds are doing well but still need six feeds each day. the tiny patients aren't expected to be able to survive on their own until the summer when they'll be moved to a large, outdoor enclosure with a pool.
NRW is buying what is estimated to be a quarter of the timber released by the company every year. auditor general said he was unable to satisfy himself on whether the decision to make the deal was lawful. he said the decision-making process was not transparent and expressed "d
plans include renovating the hidden theatre, dating back to 1875. material from the BBC archives will be shown in revamped TV studios. the theatre will be able to accommodate 1,300 people.
Wright had been linked with a move away from st. johnstone. the 53-year-old has been at the club for four years. chairman says he is surprised no other clubs have enquired about him.
"there's never been anybody in the history of politics that has been so abusive to women," he said. the Republican nominee denied ever sexually assaulting women in a 2005 video. if he won, he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Mrs Clinton
James Maddison scores from 25 yards after referee John beaton gives Rangers a free-kick. the penalty was awarded after Tavernier made an "excellent tackle" on Jonny Hayes. it was the first time the teams had met since January 2012.
toxins above "legally-permitted levels for harvest" in Loch Melfort and Seil sound. toxins accumulate in molluscs such as mussels, oysters, cockles and razor clams. raised levels of Escheria coli bacteria have been identified in
the 28-year-old was a regular for the managerless latics last season. he was one of seven players to be let go by the league one club in may. Jones previously played for Tranmere, Bury, Sheffield Wednesday and Crawley.
the 34-year-old's ban now expires on 1 June 2018, instead of 25 October 2018. he was charged with breaking FA rules for placing 1,260 bets on matches. barton, who says he is addicted to gambling, appealed against the length of the
David west junior, 45, stabbed his father, of the same name, as he lay drunk outside his home. the nightclub owner had made his fortune from the booze cruise trade in the 1980s. by the time of the killing, the business was in financial trouble which was cause
chinese police dog handler creates special home for service industry dogs. Bai Yan has spent seven years and more than one million yuan ($150,000) on the resort. users of the popular social networks are commenting on the decision.
midwives Catherine McCullough and gretta Dixon accused of failing to have Mrs Titcombe assessed. but midwife Caroline Duncan said there was "no evidence" they knew she was ill. the couple's son Joshua died of an infection in 2008, nine days after he
three leatherback sightings have been reported in recent days, in Laugharne, Carmarthenshire, north pembrokeshire and anglesey. leatherbacks nest in the Caribbean before travelling to UK waters to feed. marine conservation society: waters around wales
passengers report an explosion followed by flames and black smoke. the pilot aborted the take-off and evacuated everyone on board via emergency chutes. 20 people suffered minor injuries, the fire department said.
Yanis Varoufakis last week confirmed he worked on a contingency plan in case emergency funding to the Greek financial system was cut off. he has been accused of secretly planning a Greek exit from the euro. but Mr Tsipras said it would have been
south Wimbledon and queensway stations will be the first to see their staff moved. TfL said it would save £50m annually as it tries to save £4.2bn by 2020. union leader Manuel cortes said the mayor was "rushing through" the closures.
the 34-year-old Somalian woman was attacked outside the co-op on 6 august. David gallacher, 37, has been charged with assault causing actual bodily harm. he has been bailed to appear at Milton keynes magistrates' court on 14 march
the 33-year-old won the Burghley and Kentucky titles on his mount la biosthetique. he is hoping to seal the Rolex Grand Slam to earn the bonus. great britain's challenge faltered, with Emily King eliminated.
Everything everything's third album, get to heaven, is mired in violence and destruction. frontman Jonathan higgs admits the writing of the album affected his mental health. "i knew I was in a dark place," he says.
leaked documents allege the €200,000 came from the Bambino Gesu foundation. the foundation collects donations for a children's hospital in Rome. cardinal Bertone said he had paid for the work on his residence himself.
the characters have been revived for their first feature film in 35 years. other familiar characters are also back including the little red-haired girl.
judge rules non-jury trial will be open to the public. the family of the girl who was allegedly attacked wanted to protect her identity. Trenton mays and ma'lik Richmond, both 16, deny the charges they face.
the election in africa's biggest oil producer comes at a politically sensitive time. the rise of Islamist group Boko Haram in the north-east means security is at the centre of the campaigns for votes. 'we need a compassionate, visionary, strong-willed leader to
only notts have won the title following promotion the previous year. only two of Essex's last five matches are at home. the first of those matches is at home to Somerset on monday.
politicians must work hard to ensure frustration and disillusionment can be quickly soothed. offering comfort to foreign-born residents that they will be treated fairly is essential. the process just beginning will not yield speedy benefits.
the harmless reptile was found inside the vehicle after it was dropped off at a yard. the snake is now "fine and well" in an animal shelter. most corn snakes sold in the uk are bred in captivity.
sheridan only took over as manager at rodney parade after butcher's departure. he saw his side fall behind to Exeter when Joel grant cut inside to score. but Newport fought back as John-Lewis pounced after Troy brown blocked Alex rodman's initial effort
Exeter went in front on eight minutes when a superb Lloyd James free-kick was headed back across goal. George Cooper curled a long-range shot off the top of the crossbar for Crewe. two minutes later, it was 2-0 as David Wheeler headed in from close range from
Wajda made more than 40 feature films in a career spanning 60 years. many of his films were inspired by Poland's turbulent wartime and communist history. his last film powidoki (afterimage) tells the life story of the avant-garde painter
Trend micro found blogs on the website had been modified to install malware. malware known as Cryptesla holds files on the host machine to ransom. the media group said it had removed all ads on the site while it investigated.
Ibarguen, 32, won with her fourth round jump of 15.17m. it gives Colombia their second gold of the games after weightlifter Oscar figueroa.
the weir was built as a permanent wooden structure to catch fish as the tide ebbed. the 70m-long (500ft) structure was found by chance close to the Fawley oil refinery. radiocarbon dating has shown it was built in the 8th or 9
the Kremlin's dreams of a US-russian rapprochement were shattered by the missile strike. it is an unexpected reversal of fortune for Russia and president Vladimir Putin. russia's credibility among the leading players in the region is dented now
the 37-year-old was held at his home address under section 41 of the terrorism act. officers from the metropolitan police are searching the property. he has been taken to a south London police station.
a gold pendant inlaid with garnets was found in the grave of a female in 2014. it was declared treasure alongside other items at an inquest in Norwich. the discovery "had certainly given me a good dissertation project"
the trust was given the rating following an inspection by the care quality commission. chief executive Heather Tierney Moore said she was "proud" of the progress made. the trust had been told it "required improvement" in November 2015.
arsenal face west brom at the hawthorns in the fourth round of the fa cup. the gunners have lost three of their last four premier league outings. winger matt Phillips remains out for the fourth game in a row.
first-half tries from Jonny may and courtney lawes were matched by a near-identical pair by George Ford and Owen Farrell in the second period. England had failed to beat the Springboks in their previous 12 meetings over 10 years.
Jason manford turned to facebook after he said his dad "couldn't even get a job cleaning floors at aldi". his fans have suggested working in security and driving lorries. many of the replies to the post highlighted the problems of older people finding work.
James Nicol believes he was exposed to asbestos while working on council houses in the 1980s. the 85-year-old was diagnosed with mesothelioma, an incurable lung cancer almost always caused by asbestos exposure. while still in receipt of a local authority pension,
reducing call centre hours could save £2.9m and cutting the number of one stop shops could draw back £2.7m. his plan sets out a saving of £4.1m in children's services by using fewer independent foster agencies. it also includes reducing the cost of the city's economic
spirit of shankly to vote on reintroduction of safe standing at open meeting this weekend. club says it will "listen" to fans' views if standing legislation is changed. 96 fans were killed in a crush at an FA cup semi-final in 1989.
teenager attacked police officer in court foyer in Dundee in January. girl was told to leave court by PC Louden but returned and assaulted her. she admitted assault to injury and breaching a community payback order.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with colchester united at the britannia stadium. colchester had failed to win in their previous five matches. rowe scored the winner in the last seconds of the first half.
british no. 1 konta beats china's Zhang Shuai 6-4 6-1 in the quarter-finals of the australian open. she will next face german seventh seed angelique kerber in the final on friday. fellow Briton scotsman
two of far-right candidate marine le pen's staff detained as part of financial inquiry. her chief of staff placed under formal investigation over alleged misuse of EU funds. FN leader denies any wrongdoing and dismisses the investigation as a "political dirty trick"
former doctor who actress, from inverness, joins us stars in the new production. her casting follows her securing a bigger role in 2014's Guardians of the galaxy. she shaved her head to play blue-skinned space pirate Nebula in the
17-year-old scored 330.70 in the world championships in Kiev. she finished ahead of russian duo Anna chuinyshena and iuliia timoshinina. the World championships take place in Budapest from 14 July
Edward Alexander Lee, 34, pleaded guilty to 15 charges related to child pornography. judge Kerr said it was the best way of protecting society and helping Lee to change his ways. he said children would continue to be abused while people like Lee continued to view such material.
the basement of powis castle, near Welshpool, is now turned into a replica trench. exhibition includes battlefield objects, old newsreel and food packaging.
"Chip" Pugh sent police a photo of himself and wrote: "Here is a better photo that one is terrible" police in Lima, ohio, posted the photos to their facebook page and asked for help. "man, they just did me wrong," he
the man shouted "Allahu Akbar" ("God is greatest") during the assault outside a police station. he died after being shot by officers. the so-called Islamic state group called him one of its "soldiers"
the bank is suspected of "complicity in illegal sales practices", an official said. it also allegedly set up a shadow accounting system that masked transfers. investigators are examining whether staff broke a french law against "illicit solicitation"
private rents "eat up" more than 50% of a family's monthly earnings in 23 out of the capital's 33 boroughs. the report comes after the mayor put out a series of proposals to "empower tenants and landlords" in the private rental sector.
councils are relying on agency workers to cover nearly 4,000 out of 5,500 otherwise empty posts. local authorities say social workers leave for better pay as agency staff. there were 26,500 full time equivalent posts filled by children's social workers in 2015.
B&M reported like-for-like growth of 1.1% for the 13 weeks to 27 June. that was markedly lower than the 6% recorded in the same period last year. the company now has 450 outlets in the UK and plans to open a total of 80.
GSK says it will adopt a graduated approach linked to a country's wealth. company says changes should help people who cannot afford life saving medicine. in world's poorest countries it will allow other companies to make generics.
the child, who cannot be identified, suffered hypoxia due to a delay in her delivery at Antrim area hospital in 2007. it resulted in a series of complex health issues, including severe cerebral palsy and complex epilepsy. her parents sued the trust, claiming medical negligence
the duo will present monkman and seagull's polymathic adventure on radio 4. the pair became friends during filming, despite being captains of rival teams. they will explore whether being highly intelligent is a useful quality.
ofsted chief says more attention must be focused on regions where too many schools are "languishing in mediocrity" education secretary Nicky Morgan says more needed to be done to "tackle pockets of underperformance" the report highlights concerns about a north-south gap - with stronger
report was commissioned by former pm David Cameron in the wake of the tower hamlets election fraud scandal in 2015. former pm said the review had heard evidence that in a borough at the general election someone arrived at the polling station with 500 postal votes.
the actor has been tipped for awards success in his new film, the master. he was nominated for an Oscar for his role as Johnny cash in walk the line in 2005. the 37-year-old says he is dreading the upcoming awards season.
spendiff took part in a further assault on other men with a co-accused. the 26-year-old killed married construction manager Craig logie last august. spendiff was remanded in custody ahead of sentencing in July.
everton are 12th in the table with one win from their past 10 league games. it was the second time they conceded three goals since losing to manchester united. sunderland secured their survival with a 3-0 win at the stadium of light.
british men's 4x200m relay team win gold in seven minutes 4.33 seconds. individual world champion james guy anchors the final leg of the relay. the us were led off by swimming great Ryan lochte but could not hold on.
dashboard camera recorded footage of car being driven 57 mph in a 30 mph zone. Halfords said the mechanic was a temporary employee who had been let go. company has apologised and offered to refund the £255 for the MOT and service.
the area, predominantly Muslim uighur, has suffered years of unrest. the authorities blame the history of violence on Islamist militants. human rights and exiled Uighur groups accuse the government of repressing the community.
profits before tax dropped 10% to £1.43bn for the July-to-September period. comes a day after the bank confirmed jes staley would be joining. barclays said it had seen slow progress with its so-called non-core businesses.
Oscar-winning actress Sandra bullock, along with three of the main stars - Bob, Kevin and Stuart - hit the yellow carpet. minions opens in cinemas on June 26.
u.s. president-elect Donald trump says he thinks president obama is behind protests. but he adds: "i also think it's just politics" he is due to give his first address to a joint session of congress tonight
2,479 of the university's 3,600 staff took part in the survey earlier this year. only 29% of staff agreed senior leaders provided "effective leadership" one in five said the university managed change effectively.
the man handed out currencies in exchange for sterling to customers. he then emptied the safe into a bag before walking out of the store. police are still searching for the man, described as in his mid 20s or 30s.
prisoner distress, self-harm and suicide attempts too often seen as signs of manipulation. majority of prisoners have multiple and complex needs, including poor mental health. ministry of justice said there were 119 self-inflicted deaths in prisons in 2016.
fly-half david biggar agrees new deal with the wales rugby union. biggar's current deal was due to expire at the end of this season. he is the first of Wales' 17 dually contracted players to re-sign on the deals.
the hustle and bustle of leadenhall market was captured on christmas eve in 1845, when it was a place to buy meat and poultry. today's Christmas shoppers are unlikely to find raw meat but instead gift shops, pubs, restaurants and the occasional film crew. Regent Street
Brandon Flowers is the frontman of stadium rock superheroes The Killers. new album, The Desired Effect, veers towards the melodramatic pop of the late 80s. the 33-year-old admits he'd rather be promoting this new record with his
Omar al shaikh and amie cresswell, both 16, tied the knot in front of family, friends and patients at the queen elizabeth hospital in Birmingham. he was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia after fainting during a football match
left-wing australian greens head Richard di Natale argues reducing hours would boost productivity. he says workers would need to be guaranteed adequate income. but an economist has criticised the proposal, comparing it to the french 35-hour working week.
burnell disqualified for two yellow cards after a tussle with a rival swimmer. the 23-year-old says officials had "no idea what they were doing" he was given third and then fifth place at the finish before being disqualified.
Glamorgan were beaten in under two-and-a-half days against Worcestershire. south african says discussions have been held with senior players and coach Robert Croft. Rudolph believes his side can make an impression in Division Two of the county championship.
profits for the three months to march rose to $3.8bn (£2.6bn) stronger performance in Europe helped Ford to outpace GM. shares rose 3.2% in new york, but are still 11% lower than this time last year.
Stefano Brizzi, 50, denies murdering the 59-year-old officer. he admits disposing of his body but says he had no intention of causing harm. the jury heard that on the day of the policeman's death, the pair took drugs together
haigh had been on the board since GFH took over at Elland road in 2012. he attempted to take charge of the club through his Sport Capital consortium but the deal collapsed in January. his departure comes on the day that west Yorkshire police confirmed they were "investigating allegations of funds
council considering a 2% rise in the authority's part of the council tax. council has seen a 28% reduction in government funding over the past two years. figures show the council was likely to be left short of £580,000 for the next financial year.
Pedro Sanchez has been trying to secure support for a coalition government with the centre-right Ciudadanos party following inconclusive December polls. acting pm Mariano Rajoy said a Socialist-led coalition would be a threat to spanish national interests. another vote
world champions thrash Wales 46-6 in the final test of the series. it was Wales' heaviest defeat for nine years and their 29th in a row against the all blacks. scotland says his side have learned a lot from the experience.
crash happened at about 13:00 GMT on the A607 in waddington. ambulance was responding to an emergency call and had its blue lights on when it was involved in a collision with the two cars. there was no patient onboard at the time.
poland and ukraine to co-host 2020 european championships. 24 nations taking part, up from 16 in 2012. clashes between Russian and polish fans marred a match in warsaw on 12 June. pohorecki says he was "surprised
the SNP defended MP and MSP Mr Salmond saying he was on constituency business. spokesman said there was "nothing in the pm's statement which was of surprise or new"
the Borders needs a through route to the south to maximise the region's economic potential. the report says that extending the line via Hawick to Carlisle could provide a "new strategic link" the report has been presented to transport minister Humza yousaf.
campaign for border rail would have preferred a report looking solely at rail services. it is hoped the study can get underway later this month and will take about seven months to complete. transport Scotland awarded contract to look at wider transport issues across south.
Breezie offers a simplified interface for a standard Samsung galaxy tablet. it can be customised to make sure it has the settings and apps the customer wants. company founder jeh Kazimi says he was inspired by his own mother.
four crossings between Douglas and Heysham cancelled. no passengers or crew were injured.
this is England '86 will pick up two years after the events in the four-part series. the story will focus on the relationship between the lol and woody characters. channel 4 has also confirmed this is england '90 is currently in development.
ex-labour MP says inquiry into act should not be allowed any more. but he tells the BBC the review will weigh the evidence carefully. campaigners say the panel does not include any advocates for transparency.
burns beats indongo 120-108, 118-110, 116-112 at the hydro in glasgow. the 34-year-old was unbeaten in 21 fights prior to this unification contest. it was Burns' third fight at the Hydro and 13th
refugees and asylum seekers living in Belfast spend their spare time doing conservation and preservation work in the Mourne mountains. the mountains are where displaced from their homelands come regularly to find peace. about 100 Syrian refugees are expected to arrive in northern ireland before christmas.
blaze in the town's high street in may that year claimed the life of 43-year-old Gordon Graham.
man seen in Colchester thought to resemble offenders involved in attempted abduction. victim threatened with knife by two men who tried to force him into a car. two men fled the scene in a dark-coloured people carrier.
south korean officials say the missile "crashed a few seconds later" the tests come amid a recent ramp-up in weapons activity. reports suggest it is planning a fifth nuclear test despite condemnation of its last test.
cross-party group publishes report on government's draft budget bill. budget bill marks the start of the formal legislative process. final votes on tax and spending proposals to be held before end of february.
a satellite will use a laser to gather pictures of the planet taken by other spacecraft. it will then relay the data to another satellite much higher in the sky. one benefit will be to put information on natural disasters into the hands of emergency responders.
Fetuli Talanoa, sika manu, Josh bowden, Jack Logan, Jamie Shaul and gareth Ellis scored for the hosts. winger pat Richards scored all 10 of the Dragons' points in the first half.
the next public consultation in the GMSF scheme may not be published until summer 2018. the scheme identifies sites for housing developments that may be built over the next 20 years. regional mayor Andy Burnham promised to revise the plans following protests.
Virtus body armour was first rolled out at the beginning of the year and is gradually replacing Osprey armour in phases. soldiers say its webbing - where ammunition and kit is stored - has been snapping. the main advantage of the Virtus system is that it is lighter
the 22-year-old has scored 11 times in 18 games in the seventh tier this season. he will join the premier league champions' under-23 side for the rest of the campaign. Gordon had eight years at Stoke before dropping into non-league football.
starkidz entertainers cornered by gang after christmas lights switch-on. one performer punched and another threatened with an airgun, manager says. police investigating report of anti-social behaviour by youths at the event.
the original plan was to hold the march in Derry on the same date. relatives of bloody Sunday victims objected, saying it was an "insult" the Derry parade was called off last week amid reports of counter-demonstrations.
footballer le saux says there are no openly gay players in english professional game. rumours about his alleged homosexuality began when he clashed with a fellow player. le Saux played 513 games for clubs including blackburn and stoke.
discovery of the town lying along a hill-slope near Winterborne Kingston has been described as "extremely significant" by archaeologists. it is hoped the finds will show how life was before the Roman invasion. animal remains, a number of quern-stones used
south east Wales support service is one-of-a-kind with nothing similar elsewhere in Wales. charity says "demand outweighs supply" for its two advisers and referral process is "problematic" 4% of the Welsh workforce - about 84,000 people - are deaf or wear
Mourinho wants to keep his squad together for the rest of the season. but sources have told BBC sport he would like to make changes. united have spent £480m since sir alex Ferguson retired in 2013.
IPPR Scotland says the party could generate between £1.1bn and £1.2bn by 2020/21. SNP income tax plans would raise £300m and the Scottish conservatives zero. new finance powers heading to Scotland in April 2017.
two other former executives, as well as the camera firm, filed a guilty plea. the three admitted to hiding losses dating back to the 1990s. they face up to 10 years in prison.
the journalists were sentenced to up to 10 years in prison in July 2014. their convictions were overturned and they were freed in february. the journalists strenuously deny collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood.
Joshua Bwalya, 16, was found dead in the street when officers were called to Movers Lane, Barking, at about 01:00 BST on Wednesday. a boy, 16, and a man, 20, suspected of involvement were also injured. both were taken to different hospitals in the capital before
second row had been an ever-present part of Eddie Jones' side in 2016. he was ruled out of autumn Tests wins over south africa and fiji. fellow lock Joe launchbury was cited on Sunday night for an alleged kick in Saturday's win over Fiji.
dengue is a mosquito-borne disease which is prevalent in sub-tropical and tropical regions. cases have been reported from all 12 districts of the capital, Ouagadougou. dengue fever particularly affects young children and adults, but is not normally fatal.
Naseby battlefield project (NBP) wants to build the centre at the site of the decisive battle of the english Civil war. the group has received £9,900 from the heritage lottery fund to pay for a feasibility study and consultation.
the 24-year-old joins on a free transfer from Olympiacos. he had been expected to sign a loan deal with forest. but he impressed in training and in friendlies with notts and mansfield.
unidentified jet drops cluster bombs on dablan, about 20km south-east of the town of mayadin. it comes only two days after a US-led coalition strike reportedly killed 42 detainees at an IS prison. the coalition said the raid had been "met
the unsung hero award was launched as part of this year's BBC Music day. it is a nationwide celebration of music, aiming to bring people together. events in northern ireland include performances by villagers and the priests.
staff agreed to work extra hours to save the in-patient ward from closure. but the trust said this was a temporary measure. "this is a national problem," said trust's deputy director of nursing.
the military said the driver was taken into custody after the incident. it brings to 41 the number of Israelis killed in knife, gun and car-ramming attacks since 2015. the Palestinian militant group, Hamas, praised what it called the "heroic" attack.
the pair appeared in front of thousands of fans at a news conference in los angeles. the event was the first of four events called to promote the fight in las vegas. mayweather said he was an "old man" but "still had enough" to beat McGregor
downing street says payments were made by the pm's mother to "even out" the inheritance payments made to her children following her husband's death. some may argue that it is morally wrong and that everyone should order their affairs so they take no advantage of rules which allow people to pay less tax
floodlights were replaced but the switch-on was put in doubt when two lights were stolen. the lights were switched on by presenters Carla George and Scott dalton. £2,000 was given to the church to reinstall the stolen lights.
the attacks, occurring from 2011 to 2013, are believed to have been co-ordinated from Iran. the indictment calls them "experienced computer hackers" and officials said the attacks were a "wake-up call" it is the first time the US is charging people associated with a national government
the 18-year-old spent the first half of the campaign on loan with league one rivals. he has made 14 substitute appearances in league one this season. the Wales under-19 international has scored twice for Oxford this term.
the faraday lecture block dates back to the 1960s. the university says its "tired and monotonous design" means it has become an eyesore. work on the 11-month project is due to start in January.
employers will eventually need to offer pensions to anyone over the age of 22. the introduction is a gradual process with 66% of employees now signed up. employers who only have one or two staff may need to add a pensions policy.
the blaze at the former pontins resort at Brixham destroyed the 42-acre site. Rick Edwards, of higher green, south Brent, was given a 12-month jail term suspended for two years. the 20-year-old admitted in interview he started the fire "for fun
Burns has scored one goal in 17 appearances for the Robins this season. the 21-year-old has previously had loan spells with forest green Rovers, Oxford united and cheltenham town. he could make his debut against Scunthorpe united on satur
12,000 people will be chosen to carry the Olympic torch through 300 cities. the torch relay will begin in brasilia in may and end at the opening ceremony in august. security will be a priority, with thousands of fans invited to return for the games.
at least two missiles were fired at a house in north waziristan tribal region. it is the third such attack since new pm Nawaz Sharif won elections in may. a government statement said the strike violated Pakistan's sovereignty.
Donald Swanson was born at Geise, near Thurso, on 12 august 1848. he was the youngest child of brewer John Swanson and his wife Mary. in 1868, the young man joined the metropolitan police and rose through the ranks. during his long career,
lauro Bertulano, 46, and Rebecca Jones, 31, neglected patients on a stroke ward. a third, Natalie Jones, 42, was given a community order for the same offence. all three previously pleaded guilty to multiple charges of wilful neglect
judge reverses ruling which barred work on the Belo Monte dam which interfered with natural flow of the Xingu river. judge Martins had originally ruled in favour of a fisheries group which argued the dam would affect local fish stocks. he said the company behind the
the RSPB said the species is declining. two years ago there were 300 pairs of the rare seabird. this year there are just 190 pairs at sea palling.
pine martens were once common in Wales but were thought to be close to extinction by the 20th Century. the mother of the baby marten - also known as a kit - gave birth about a month ago, must have bred while in Wales to have become pregnant last year
Melissa Reid, 22, was arrested with Michaella McCollum, 23, at Lima airport. they struck a plea deal for a reduced sentence of six years and eight months. she arrived at Glasgow airport on Wednesday evening and did not appear before media. it is understood that she will not have
since 2012, 5.4 million workers have been signed up to a workplace pension. millions more people who work for small businesses, or individuals, have yet to be offered a pension plan. all employers are being warned that they need to offer pensions to anyone over the age of 22 and who earns
Ian Stewart, 56, denies murdering Helen Bailey at their home in hertfordshire. her body was found in a cesspit under the garage in july. court heard he told a psychiatric nurse he had considered taking his own life.
performers from the comic opera gathered outside the bow street venue. the theatre said the interruption was a false alarm and the show had restarted. people took to twitter after being caught up in the real-life drama.
dr john hinds was involved in an accident while providing medical cover at a practice session. he and his colleague were dubbed "the flying doctors" of Irish motorcycle sport. an investigation into the cause of the accident is under way.
foley, known as "axel" to his mates, died suddenly on sunday in paris. he made 201 appearances for Munster and 62 Tests for his country. the 42-year-old won five all-irish league titles with his beloved
the app samples wireless signals to see if data is flowing uninterrupted. it is released alongside research which suggests wi-fi in six million homes and offices is not running as fast as it could do. interference could come from other electronic devices such as baby monitors, microwaves or christmas fairy lights
2008 champion from portrush warmed up for next week's open at royal troon. he finished on nine under and five behind winner Alex noren of Sweden. padraig harrington was six under after a 71 while Belfast's Michael hoey was back on four over
researchers in Swansea hope to be among the first in the world to start using it on humans within three years. the team of surgeons are working with scientists and engineers who have built a 3D printer specifically for this work. they hope to reconstruct lost body parts such as part of the nose
Palau became independent in 1994, after being part of a trust territory administered by the us for 47 years. tourism is low key, although growing in economic importance, with many visitors coming from Taiwan. there is concern that the low-lying islands could be badly affected by rising sea levels possibly due to
Lorenzo insigne's deflected 25-yard shot gave the hosts the lead six minutes before the break. Giacomo bonaventura levelled at the far post five minutes later with Milan's first shot on target. napoli, chasing their first
the five writers of The Gap Band's hit were added earlier this week, according to RCA documents. it's said to have followed a claim from publisher Minder Music on their behalf. the much-publicised Blurred Lines court case in march saw a jury order the
Xi said foreign firms were welcome in china, and that Beijing would not manipulate its currency to boost exports. he also denied Beijing engages in hacking but said he would co-operate with washington on the issue. hacking and economic reforms are expected to come up
Labour MP Keith vaz said Coca-Cola was marketing a "real health hazard" but tory city councillor Ross grant said opening the sweet shop in 2013 "put him into the hypocrite category" public health England has concerns about the marketing of coke.
rape allegation against Jean say was dismissed by a detective sergeant. the IPCC said the squad's approach of "failing to believe victims" was "wholly inappropriate" it also said it was "under-performing and over-stretched"
wife says he had been drinking with another man in the city of Yangon on friday night before his death. foreign office says it is investigating the death of a British national.
66 Israelis - all but two of them soldiers - have also died in the mission to destroy rockets and tunnels used by the militant Islamist group Hamas. up to 6 august, 1,890 Palestinians had lost their lives in the conflict. among the dead were 414
great britain's athletes won 65 medals, including 29 golds. two thirds of the nation's sporting teams hit the mark. nine sports failed to reach their target and will have to wait to see if their budgets are cut.
the call handling and IT system is more than £40m over budget. the programme will now be phased in for some services from this summer. a national roll-out is planned for the end of 2017.
two men found unconscious and bleeding at the side of the road. one of the men died at the scene and the other is critical in hospital. both are thought to be in their late 20s, west Midlands police said.
there is a real spring in the step of the smaller parties, buoyed by a general disappointment in their larger, more-established opponents. UKIP's main target appears to be Heywood and middleton, where they ran labour very close in last autumn's by-election
helpu tariff could offer savings of up to £250 a year for most disadvantaged customers. it is backed by the Welsh government and other organisations. comes as the water company's half year financial report showed a strong overall performance.
Joleon lescott has responded to critics following his post-match tweet. the defender has told a fan to come to the training ground to meet him. lescott had been relegated to the sidelines with tonsillitis and an ankle injury.
the 22-year-old australian will act as cover at allianz park during the rugby world cup. Sarries could potentially lose Jamie George and Schalk Brits to England and south africa duty. porecki has had a spell with super rugby outfit waratahs and has
"significant human remains" were found at the site of a former home in the republic of ireland. the bodies ranged from premature babies to three year olds. archbishop Martin said many in the church and society were "ashamed"
jewels, gold and gems were buried in Edmonton Cemetery in north London. three men deny conspiracy to commit burglary. a fourth denies conspiracy to conceal or transfer criminal property.
Thames water said it was called out 101 times on christmas day 2010 to deal with blockages. 25% more fat - about 500 tonnes - goes down drains in December than at any other time. a group of sewer men and women have posted a rewritten version of deck the halls
developers will be able to publish directly after they completed a sign-up process. the process will require developers to submit the same sort of information as a bank account. developers will also have to pay a publishing fee which could range from $100 to $5000.
judicial sources identify the man as xiyue wang, a 37-year-old researcher. he was arrested last august as he tried to leave the country. the US State department calls on Iran to release all those held on "fabricated" charges.
prosecution finishes its case and trial adjourned until Monday. woman claims she was forced to perform a sex act on him. alleged victim says he exposed himself to her in his office in the 1980s.
the Himalayan forest thrush is only the fourth species of bird discovered in india since 1947. researchers noticed that thrushes in the forests sang much more musically than those on the rocky peaks. the mountain-dwelling variety has been re-christened the "al
former five-weight world champion mayweather faces ufc lightweight title-holder McGregor in canada. the pair will meet over 12 rounds under boxing rules on 26 august. in a series of expletive-laden outbursts, McGregor insulted mayweather over his
Ian Dickson, 48, suffered facial bruising, a collapsed lung and fractured rib. he was punched, kicked and hit with a baseball bat and a piece of wood. the motive for the break-in and attack is still not known.
lamin deen pilots GB1 in the four-man alongside John Baines, Joel Fearon and Andy Matthews. double Olympians John Jackson pilot GB2 with Bruce Tasker, Ben Simons and new recruit Tremayne Gilling. mica McNeil leads the British
inquest told staff heard a "loud noise" at about 09:00 BST on 13 July 2015. paint sprayer Barry joy, 56 and production operative Daniel Timbers, 28, died. the men were working in one of two booths bought from RAF Lyneham in
Belmont, a Grade II* listed building in Lyme Regis, has been restored. it was owned in the 18th Century by Eleanor coade, who built up a successful artificial stone business. the building will open to the public on Saturday and Sunday.
Liverpool reach a record 17th league cup semi-final with 2-0 win over Leeds. divock origi scores opening goal before substitute woodburn equalizes record. former england striker michael owen watches from the main stand. both sides will face each
london mayor says he is "perfectly happy" with the decision to publish details of the rental deal. west ham say it will prevent them "securing the best deal for taxpayers" £272m has been spent to convert the site for use as a premier league ground.
prince of Wales says rise of populist groups has "deeply disturbing echoes" of 1930s. he says religious freedom is a "choice between life and death" for some. the prince says the scale of religious persecution around the world is "not widely appreciated"
education secretary launches consultation to replace "outdated" funding system. plans will remove local authorities from the process, with cash going directly to heads. labour accuses the government of "dodging difficult questions" about who will lose funding.
top of the pile is the change to the way dividends on shares are taxed. from November, the standard rate of insurance premium tax will rise from 6% to 9.5%. the bringing forward of payments of corporation tax raises £4.5bn in 2017-18.
'our' Blowers is unique. special broadcasters like Henry cannot be created or coached - they just happen naturally. Henry makes every ball sound like an event, describing it with such energy, vividness and a wonderful use of language. wherever i go, people always
lvaro morata header from centre of the box to the bottom left corner. inigo Martinez sent off for two bookings in second half. real Sociedad held to 0-0 draw by atletico madrid.
the bill was passed by lawmakers in Sindh - home to many of Pakistan's three million Hindus. activists say that without such a law, Hindu women are targets for forced conversions, abduction and rape. the national assembly is considering a wider law recognising Hindu
the 27-year-old joined the french top 14 club in 2015. he was a member of the side which beat Quins in the european challenge cup final. south africa-born catrakilis has previously played for super rugby franchises.
the Pacaya volcano began spewing ash and lava on saturday. new explosions were seen on sunday, with ash clouds reaching a height of at least 3 miles. flights have been diverted from the area, some 50km (30 miles) south of the capital
the test looks for an "ageing signature" in your body's cells by comparing the behaviour of 150 genes. it was developed by initially comparing 54,000 markers of gene activity in healthy, but largely sedentary, 25 and 65-year-olds. there are plans to
Lisa bridgett, of Pwllheli, had been using the phone when the explosion hit. a steel nut went through her phone and her cheek, ending up lodged in her nose. her husband said the phone probably diverted and slowed down the nut.
russian spokesman says pilots were "guided by co-ordinates" from "turkish partners" but the Turkish military insisted the troops had been at the building for 10 days. the two countries support opposing sides in Syria's almost six-year civil war.
draft sustainability and transformation plan for Merseyside and Cheshire released. it aims to address a potential funding gap of £908m in the area by 2021. councillor Andy moorhead said the plan was "completed in secrecy"
the Sagitaire and the saint Christophe were rescued in the early hours of thursday. the vessels had taken refuge from storms at town quay, dartmouth. harbour master said 10-15,000 litres of diesel oil on board.
emergency services called to the property in the Sangomore area of durness. police say it is not known if she was in the house at the time. the fire was not thought to be suspicious, but the damage caused prevented entry.
services were halted near Woking after a signalling problem caused by a possible attempted theft of cable. network rail said 60 trains out of London waterloo were affected by the signalling fault. a group of passengers said they were challenged by police at the exit.
the gang were caught after armed police stopped two of the men in two BMW cars. five handguns, three silencers and 500g of cocaine were found. they were convicted of firearms and drugs charges on Monday after a six-week trial.
Eric Bikubi, 28, and his partner magalie Bamu, 29, have been convicted. they killed Kristy bamu after accusing him of being a sorcerer who practised witchcraft. in the DR Congo, witchcraft is called Kindoki
mounting evidence that small businesses could be our Achilles heel when it comes to cyber-security. in excess of 60% of these small businesses have suffered some form of successful malware attack. to date, selling security software has been akin to selling insurance.
members of the Hoover pension scheme would see a reduction in benefits. those under retirement age would receive an immediate 10% cut in their pension pot. annual payments to most members, including those already retired, would be less in the PPF than if the hoover scheme continued.
body was found on concrete steps in north street in the early hours of Sunday morning. he was treated by medical staff but was pronounced dead at the scene.
a 67-year-old woman was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident. she had been driving a Volkswagen Polo which overturned after being involved in a collision with an Audi A6 at 16:35 on the A7, a mile north of Stow. a
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney has warned that technology isn't the answer. he argues there is a need for a wider political agreement. since becoming foreign minister, he has not been shy about making his differences.
judges rule ministers could not invoke Article 50 without MPs' approval. uk government says it intends to appeal against the high court ruling. "this is all about trying to undo the result of the referendum," says first minister.
new material is more robust and hardwearing than previous efforts to create artificial cartilage. ink-jet printer combined with a specialised spinning-machine used to make it. could lead to bespoke cartilage created for individual patients.
the 335ft (100m) Victorian structure closed last year and is one of the UK's shortest piers. pier sold at auction in march but was put back on the market in may after the sale fell through. public consultation is expected to start next week to gauge interest in
the city of london was deregulated in one fell swoop 30 years ago, turning it into a financial capital to rival new york. the switch in 1986 from traditional face-to-face share dealing to electronic trading helped it outpace its european competitors. many believe the Big
the 21-year-old moved to the reds in 2014 after being let go by watford. made 82 appearances for Crawley during his three seasons at the club.
the 1500m race first began in 1997 but stopped in 2010 due to funding issues. rowers from Durham university go head-to-head with those from Newcastle university. Durham captain James styles said it was always good to have a "one-on-one" with their rivals.
two British naval ships are shadowing the vessels as they enter the channel. a Russian tug entered the channel first off the coast near Ramsgate. EU leaders have strongly condemned Russia's involvement in bombing aleppo.
the winners of this year's aerial photography competition run by online site Dronestagram have been announced. there were thousands of entries taken using drone cameras and the winners were selected by the judges.
Emenike has been on loan at Qatari club al ain this season. the 28-year-old says he is "very happy and very excited" he becomes west ham's second signing of the January transfer window.
raiders drove into the branch at Babbage gate, oakgrove in Milton keynes. the cash machine was put in a dark 4x4, and the thieves drove off. police are appealing for anyone with mobile phone footage of the raid to get in touch.
the english pairing of Judd Trump and Barry Hawkins topped group c. they face mark allen and Joe Swail, runners-up in group d, in the last 16. Wales, with mark Williams and Ryan day, play group winners china a.
Amy Simpson, 18, died when her car left the road near the village of Dalavich. she was with four other women passengers who escaped without serious injury. her mother said her "gorgeous girl" was "my best friend, my soulmate and my rock"
former world number one carded a six-under-par round of 64 to finish 21 under. he finished one shot ahead of american Ollie Schniederjans. american Davis love finished eight shots adrift in a tie for 10th place.
transcript of frenzied final minutes of flight leaked to german media. pilot Andreas Lubitz, 27, locked out of cockpit shouting "open the damn door!" search teams have so far reached the mountainside on foot or by helicopter. access road being built to remote site to give all-terra
"we don't want hate speech in this country. let him do it in his own country," says president. last week, south africa barred pastor from visiting because of remarks about homosexuality. "i am not being arrested. I am leaving Botswana voluntarily," says pastor.
Scott Williams and Ken Owens will be rested for the european champions cup double-header. the 25-year-old suffered the ankle injury during the win over south africa. head coach Wayne pivac is hopeful of having the flanker back for the match against toulon.
former qpr and birmingham striker is at maidenhead to rediscover his love for football. the 32-year-old has come close to retiring after being wrongly implicated in a match-fixing scandal. he was one of six people arrested in connection
railways across the uk are currently overseen by British transport police. the Scottish government said it would be more efficient for these duties to be integrated into Scotland's national police force. rail unions have spoken out against the move, while police chiefs have warned that a merger could be "mas
the redundancy scheme formed part of the financial package attached to the stormont house agreement. a £200m portion would be used to cut up to 3,000 jobs in the civil service alone by march 2016. the agreement was signed in December but fell apart within three months over the issue of welfare reform
the 29-year-old has signed a two-year contract with the dingwall side. he spent six months on loan at Ross County last season, making 18 appearances. the former motherwell and Celtic midfielder may not be available for Friday's match.
#WhoisMariaSharapova is now trending worldwide. #whoismariasharpova trended in india on tuesday. many questioned why she did not know who Sachin tendulkar was.
the abuse took place while the boys were living at Belmont house, in stockport. police have made "extensive" inquiries and are now appealing for anyone who worked or lived at the home.
naming rights are among the powers set to be devolved in the Wales Bill. Jane Hutt, labour's chief whip in the assembly, will call for the Welsh Parliament name to be adopted "at the earliest opportunity" AMs will debate the issue in the Senedd next Tuesday
the new prime minister will find Brexit at the top of her intray, with the Welsh Government asking the UK government to make up the shortfall left by the absence of EU funds for poorer areas. he praised david Cameron's leadership, even on a policy he personally opposed.
advisory panel on creative industries recommends rejecting request for up to £6m. panel is concerned a similar hub already exists in Swansea. council leader Emlyn dole said the comparison was "completely inappropriate"
scientists at Paignton zoo are researching how the breed has survived the mite. mites carry a strain of a disease called deformed wing virus. the virus has killed vast numbers of the world's bees.
the dudley Muslim association has offered £325,000 to drop court action. if accepted, the association would retain ownership of the land on hall street. the council has so far incurred £213,000 in legal costs.
the three were among 17 people arrested in raids across france on Monday. the driver's brother is still being questioned by police, reports say. gang stole €9m of jewellery, including a diamond ring valued at around €4m.
a man in his 80s stood in a queue for three hours at a bookshop in glasgow. he spoke of being at wembley when clay beat Henry cooper in 1963. the man also spoke about attending Ali's fight with Karl Mildenberger in germany
Sam Burgess' move to bath from australian NRL side south Sydney in 2015 is much anticipated. rugby league has a useful talent pool for union clubs since the advent of professionalism in the late 1990s. players such as chris robshaw, jonathan jose
the children were allegedly snatched off a Beirut street earlier this month. the mother, Sally Faulkner, was arrested, as were four journalists with 60 Minutes. judge has warned that he views the so-called "child recovery" operation as a criminal
cancer cells can be identified quicker, speeding up diagnosis times. new method can also determine a cell's age. project is in collaboration with specialists in the us, germany, London and Newcastle.
the club have also added tight-head prop Tyler Gendall, 22, and jersey reds back rower Nick haining, 26. interim head coach mark Tainton said: "we're pleased to bolster our options"
Martyn Graham, 58, also seriously injured two other motorists in the crash. a web cam in his cab showed the brake lights ahead for 17 seconds before the collision. judge Philip bartle QC said the crash had "devastating consequences"
the number of new enquiries fell most dramatically in London, but also fell in nine other regions of the UK. most surveyors also reported a fall in new instructions to sell, and most expect prices to rise over the next three months.
"the days of impunity and lack of accountability are over," he tells governors. he says it is a "disgrace" that government workers have not been paid. vice-president estimates that Nigeria's debts stand at about $60bn (£38
referee Greg garner sent Davies and captain Ken Owens off in the 28th minute. Davies appeared to use a gesture and swear at the english official. the 2016 british sevens silver medallist apologised to garner during and after the game.
pathologist: "possible that she was put down the well in an unconscious state and then drowned" author's body was discovered in a cesspit beneath the garage in her home. her partner, Ian Stewart, 56, has denied murdering the 51-year-old.
bronze medallist splits the strong Chinese pair of Aisen Chen and Qiu bo. attention now switches to the european aquatics championships in london next month. "this is the last chance to compete against them before Rio," says 21-year-old daley.
the county council plans to build 200 council homes and 300 affordable homes. the first will be built on the site of the former custom house lane school in connah's quay.
by 0900 GMT there were over a million tweets globally, using the hashtag #Bowie. fellow musicians have been sharing their sadness on social media. astronaut Tim peake sent his thoughts from the international space station.
claims against Olam and its main stakeholder, Singapore state-owned investment company Temasek, made in a report by environmental lobby group Mighty. Mighty accuses Olam of turning a blind eye to unsustainable palm oil trading practices. Singapore and Malaysia regularly suffer from haz
"investment that has been put into Tibet has raised the standards of living of people here quite remarkably," says Lord Davidson. his comments have been met by astonishment by Free Tibet, a group that campaigns for an end to what it calls china's occupation of Tibet. "
the mako-type shark was recovered on barmouth beach on friday. they are also known as sharp-nosed mackerel sharks.
scientists have struggled to explain the so-called pause in temperature growth. a 30-year cycle in the Atlantic ocean could continue to divert heat into the deep seas for another decade. global average temperatures have increased by around 0.05C per decade since 1998.
the transfer window closes on monday night. renowned agent Eric hall once represented the likes of england internationals Dennis Wise, Tim sherwood and Neil Ruddock. seligman and hall give insight into the type of last-minute negotiations that occur.
eight houses on the island of wight were evacuated after landslip in 2014. emergency services helped residents leave their homes on undercliff drive. council agreed to pay £5,000 compensation to one family.
arsenal beat Hull 2-1 at the emirates stadium on saturday. goals from aaron ramsey and alexis sanchez for hosts. yaya toure and edin dzeko score for visitors. arsenal
six of the accounts remained live three weeks after the BBC reported them. convicted child sex offenders are not allowed to use the social media site. facebook's policy director said the company was effective in dealing with the issue.
arsenal beat canaries 2-0 in their premier league clash at carrow road. gunners keeper Lukasz Fabianski denies jamar loza and robert Snodgrass. sombre finish to a disastrous season for the championship side.
ex-derbyshire skipper graeme welch left as elite performance director in June. the 56-year-old will head a smaller backroom staff "streamlined" and aided by player-coaches. a review of the "cricket pathway to the
south african left-hander jennings was out for 48 on the fourth morning of the third test against the proteas. the 25-year-old averages just 15.3 in six innings and is yet to pass 50 in his nine innings. he is the latest opening partner
two reports, published in November, criticised regulator at the time for failing to take action. one said regulators should consider banning 10 former HBOS executives. a new investigation has now been announced by regulators.
the woman visited the accident and emergency department for treatment to a hand injury. next day she was contacted on social networking site by the man. he said he had been "checking her out" while she was being treated in hospital. the cleaner has been suspended and police are investigating
militants allied to the so-called Islamic State came out onto the streets of marawi last week. army failed in its attempt to capture a top militant leader, believed to be linked to the Maute group. militants now control only small pockets within the southern Philippine city.
Southern encourages passengers to tweet the union about on-going strike action. the RMT said the advert amounted to "targeted harassment" most people who responded criticised the company rather than the union. months of industrial action by the union have hit Southern's services.
officers on patrol in the drylaw area observed a green light coming from marine drive just before midnight. a 16-year-old boy and four females, aged 16, 17, 19 and 22, were arrested. they will all appear in court at a later date.
remus hamza, 41, was jailed for 12 years in 2016 for raping a 20-year-old woman. he took his case to the court of appeal, arguing this was too severe. judges said his appeal was "totally without merit" and
batsman godleman, 27, has signed a two-year contract with Derbyshire. 22-year-old chris thakor has agreed a three-year deal with the county side. Godleman this week scored his third century in his last eight championship innings
arek Jozwik, 39, was attacked in Harlow, Essex, last month. two polish men were assaulted in the town a few days later at a vigil for him. police commissioner said there had been increase in people saying "rude things"
anyone with a British passport who lives in australia is eligible to vote in the UK's referendum on exiting the EU. southern hemisphere votes have the potential to swing the knife-edge referendum. some expats have been incorrectly told they need to pay to return their postal vote
Windsor, Slough, Eton and Hounslow Athletics Club normally use the park's famous long walk for winter training. but the crown estate say the ground conditions are not suitable for the club's training sessions. coach John higgins said: "mo farah used to
the new shows will be on 28 June and 2 July, 2017, with tickets on sale from 7 December to members of her fan club. take that hold the record for playing the most dates at wembley, having staged eight nights of their progress tour there in 2011. the previous record holder was
Jesse Sene-Lefao scores two tries for castleford. tries created by Luke Gale, michael shenton and Jake webster. leigh have one of three scores ruled out by video referee.
the number of plastic carrier bags has gone up by 200 million since 2013. many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away. the bags end up in rubbish dumps and even rivers causing big problems.
this was the third night of protests in the city, and the second with the national guard on the streets, following the killing of Keith lamont Scott on Tuesday.
parade led by Mary Ellen Campbell, Belfast's first openly gay deputy mayor. more than 100 events have showcased the creativity, arts, history and culture of the LGBT community in the city. festival goers and musicians gathered in queen's square before parading through city centre.
Karma Khayat and her television station al-Jadeed are accused of contempt of court. they deny any wrongdoing, and say they are fighting for freedom of speech. the five men accused of killing Mr Hariri remain in hiding, and are being tried in
mayor of london announced on sunday he would be backing the campaign for Britain to leave the EU. his intervention in the debate was said to have helped cause the pound to slide on the international money markets. he has arguably the highest profile of any of the governing conservative party
paralympian was jailed for five years in 2014 for the culpable homicide of reeva steenkamp. he has been fighting a lengthy battle to be released early from jail. justice minister Michael Masutha made a last-minute intervention
a month ago, Joshua fell from a bridge near his home in Pontypridd. he fractured his spine in four places and suffered a broken leg. the family claims the teenager has been bullied for the last five years. south Wales police said it had carried out "
the group all stars have just released a peace song entitled Dafa dafa which means revenge in the local Arabic. in June, troops loyal to south Sudan president salva Kiir clashed with those of his deputy, Riek Machar. "i'm calling upon all
argentine-born film-maker died in hospital in sao paulo on 13 July. kiss of the spider woman was also nominated for best picture at the Oscars. Babenco also directed 1987's ironweed with Jack Nicholson and meryl staep
researchers in Cambridge and Zurich have built "babies" that get better at moving. the ultimate aim of the research project is to develop robots that adapt to their surroundings. one aim is to gain new insights into how living things evolve.
sheeran tweets that he has given his "whole wardrobe" to charity shops in Suffolk. two shops in his home town of framlingham and one in Ipswich were given bags each. Suffolk Family Carers plans to sell about 15 pieces of clothing via ebay in may
tweeters accused him of homophobia and infringing on the right to freedom of expression online. he argued that homosexuality did not scientifically exist and was a social construct. tweeter: "have you ever come across a gay goat or bird? homosexuality is not biological,
elderly man was spotted in the water at leith at about 22:00 on wednesday. he was taken to edinburgh royal infirmary by ambulance, but later died. police say inquiries into circumstances surrounding incident are ongoing.
mansfield town beat dagenham and redbridge 3-1 in their premier league clash. Oliver Hawkins, Matty Blair and adi yussuf scored the goals for the visitors. adam pearce was sent off for tripping Jamie curet
Northamptonshire police say six arrests were made by away fans on saturday. a further three were made when flares were let-off on the pitch. coventry city spokesman says the disruption was "unacceptable"
Stephen archer, 51, of openshaw, manchester, convicted of murdering sister. court told she suffered 95% burns in the attack at her home in february 2016. archer was told he must serve a minimum of 27 years.
Richard Broughton, 37, died on Sunday after he was knocked down by a car. the car did not stop at the scene in Elsecar, south yorkshire. a 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder, and a 35
Washington made his NI debut in march and scored in his second game against Slovenia. the postman played for non-League St Ives between 2010 and 2012. he then got his break with Newport who paid £5,000 for him.
1,400 tickets have sold out for the opening weekend at bramall hall in stockport. the manor dates back to the reign of William the conqueror when he bestowed the lands upon one of his followers, Hamon de Masci. in 1936 the timber-framed hall
rich and Anna Blake-Smith beat Lithuanian Vytautas Kirkliauskas. race saw all combinations of competitors - men carrying women, men carrying men and one woman carrying a woman.
so far 60 nations have ratified the accord, but not the us - the world's top arms exporter. the deal also bans arms supplies if this promotes war crimes or genocide. other major weapons traders - like china, Russia, india and Pakistan - are
gmp and city council give go-ahead for athletics' great citygames. great run will take place in manchester on saturday with a half-marathon on sunday. chelsea cancel their victory parade, which was due to take place on
the vehicles collided on red hill way, Leicester, at 21:17 BST on Tuesday. police said the 19-year-old on one of the bikes was killed.
Essex beat reigning champions by an innings and 34 runs in chelmsford. south african bowler says he'll be back in south africa at the Wanderers. victory leaves Essex 29 points clear at the top of division one.
a prison reform trust inquiry will report early in 2016. it will also consider the greater use of technology and the "direct engagement" of employers in shaping prisoners' learning. in a speech in July, Mr Gove called for an end to the "idleness and futility" of prison life
many people are describing the removal of the country's first female leader as a coup. but the process was a long drawn-out legal affair, overseen by a court. president obama has vowed to restore democracy to the country.
formic acid is a cheaper solution than hydrogen, yet delivers same environmental benefits. the acid can efficiently carry ingredients needed for hydrogen fuel cells. an electric bus is set to hit the road in the Netherlands later this year, running on conventional bus routes.
Tom queally, 30, was found asleep in his car in Cheshire in march. he admitted the charge and received the ban and a £1,350 fine at Crewe Magistrates' court. his lawyer argued the law did not recognise the sleep walking argument.
the former Oceana nightclub building will be demolished in October and replaced with an office block. it forms part of the council's plans to transform the Kingsway into a business district. the current civic centre site is likely to be replaced with public spaces, tourist attractions and homes.
one-year-old spaniel bitch found on the side of the road near Ashford. had some "really nasty wounds" on her feet and legs, an RSPCA spokesman said. vets believe she has had her claws forcibly and traumatically
the man was shot in the Sunset house bar near Croke park at about 21:30 local time. it is believed he was known to Garda­ for involvement with dissident republicanism. a burnt-out car, believed to have been used in the shooting, was found
sale forward vadim cobilas has joined the french top 14. the 32-year-old is the first Moldova international to play in the premiership. he joins fly-half Ian madigan in moving to Bordeaux for next season.
striker has played for three promotion-winning championship sides in four seasons. united face Morton in the Premiership play-off quarter-final first leg on 9 may.
remortgaging loans approved in July hit the highest level for nearly seven years. mortgage approvals for house purchases also rose to a 17-month high. both remain far below the peak of housing market activity.
men's lawyers say they will apply to have the case dismissed due to a "complete lack of evidence" ms Shahid, 28, from Bradford, died in July in Pakistan.
Xiaoyu Zaijia - or little fish - responds to voice commands using a combination of pictures, text and speech. it can answer questions, find local services, play music, make video calls and control smart home devices. Baidu chief scientist Andrew Ng said
Thames valley police caught 12 drivers using phones on a single day. one driver was filmed for 30 seconds driving with no hands on the wheel. comes after a lorry driver was sentenced to four years for getting distracted.
Edmund reached a career-high ranking of 43 on monday. the 21-year-old from york won 7-6 (9-7) 7-6 (7-5).
president Muhammadu Buhari set up an investigation into the procurement of weapons. it found that phantom contracts worth $2bn had been awarded. last month, former national security adviser Sambu dasuki was arrested.
they set off from their home at 09:00 BST to go to a day nursery but did not arrive. police were called at 17:30 when family members realised they had not returned home. they are named as 36-year-old Robert Roche, a boy aged three and a girl
Almog Cohen and Dario lezcano put ingolstadt 2-0 before half-time. borussia Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick aubameyang reduced the deficit shortly before the hour mark. Adrian Ramos netted for Dortmund with 20 minutes left and Christian Pulis
polling stations opened at 07:00 BST in the area's 11 constituencies. votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00 BST.
the Scots are contesting their first ever hockey world league semi-final. they face india, the Netherlands, Pakistan and canada in pool b. seven teams go through to join hosts india at the 2018 world cup in india.
a batch of pills with the superman logo containing the chemical PMMA may still be in circulation. police are searching for ecstasy pills containing PMMA following deaths of three men in Suffolk and one in shropshire. paraMethoxyMethylAmphe
the pair saw off competition from the world bank's new chief economist Paul Romer. the economics prize is the only Nobel not created by Alfred Nobel. to date americans have dominated the award, with 55 of the 76 laureates holding us citizenship.
more than 300,000 people without power in abruzzo and traffic disrupted in marche quake zone. three deaths across italy have been attributed to freezing weather. temperatures in amatrice, lazio, where 236 died, set to fall as low as -6
scientists have developed a technique to "snip out" specific disease genes. called Crispr, it is cheaper, faster and more accurate than current methods. AZ vice-president says it will speed development of medicines for many illnesses.
the barwell stand will increase the capacity of Franklin's gardens by 1,900. the all-seater stand will include a new hospitality suite and members' bar. it will be built in time for next season and will open up the possibility of a european champions cup quarter-final
around 4,000 lambs will be born on Tom and mali's farm this year. ten-year-old and his sister mali have been helping their family during lambing season.
the incident happened at about 00:30 on sunday and both men were taken to hospital for treatment. officers are now asking anyone who saw what happened or has information to get in touch.
eight bottles were recovered from the wreck in 1987 by Donald macphee. the SS Politician sank off Eriskay in the outer hebrides in 1941. whisky is not thought to be fit for human consumption.
sculpture depicting a murder victim surrounded by police tape won sandcastle competition. labour councillor Hannah Toms said some would find it "very offensive" force said it was a "fun event" and officers had not intended to cause offence.
critics across the eu questioned the statesmanship of the outgoing prime minister. some applaud the vote as being in the country's national interest. others fear that the only beneficiary will be Russia.
potential investors including the Jaguar land rover group and motorsport vision had previously shown interest in the northamptonshire venue. BRDC chairman said it expected to "pick up discussions" with an "unnamed substantial overseas investor" in the new year. decision means background changes such as the removal
nearly 400 Horsa gliders were involved in the operation, in march 1945. most of the wooden giants broke up on landing. in 2013, the museum was awarded £9,000 to build a replica glider cockpit.
Rio's offer of 16.50 australian dollars ($16.42; £10.14) is now conditional on 47% of shareholders accepting it by 6 April. previously its minimum target was 50%. the move came after talks on the offer between Rio and Riversdale major shareholder, Brazil's
at least four people were killed in clashes between police and protesters. the vote is aimed at pushing through changes to the constitution. police fired shots and tear gas in the capital, brazzaville, on tuesday.
the 27-year-old utility back moved from the Irish province to welford road in 2011. Morris missed all of last season because of a serious foot injury. the Dubliner has represented Ireland U20s and Emerging Ireland.
Carol boardman suffered serious injuries after a collision with a pick-up truck. she was cycling in connah's quay, Flintshire, at the time of the collision. a full investigation is now under way, including a forensic examination of the scene.
sunderland mascot, Bradley lowery, has been diagnosed with neuroblastoma. his mother, gemma, has revealed his cancer has grown and treatment will only give him more time. everton pledged £200,000 towards his appeal fund.
internet-connected cars will improve in-car entertainment, and be able to help with crash alerts. it will also be key for driverless technology. the deal is the biggest overseas purchase made by a south Korean firm.
all kick-offs at 19:45 BST unless otherwise stated. efl cup third round Bournemouth 2-3 Preston north end (aet) scottish league cup quarter-finals greenock morton 2-1 Dundee united Rangers 5-0 queen of the
former afc fylde striker joins league one club on three-year deal. the 25-year-old has scored 29 goals and assisted 19 this season. he is the second non-league signing of the summer after Ricky Miller.
demolition of the existing buildings is still subject to a bat mitigation licence being granted by natural England. the site, near st austell, was previously home to the Cornwall coliseum complex, which hosted acts such as Cliff Richard.
Adam purinton, 51, fled the scene of the attack at a pub in Olathe, kansas. he was arraigned in court on Monday with first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder. police say he shot and killed Srinivas
ventriloquist died last month at the age of 67. his puppet duck orville became a staple of saturday night tv in the 1980s. he also gave life to the popular puppet monkey, whose catchphrase was 'i hate that duck
tries from Henry trinder, Richard hibbard and Billy twelvetrees give Gloucester a bonus-point win. the result leaves Gloucester in eighth, one point off sixth-placed Harlequins. northampton saints play Saracens on sunday
judge tells google to hand over information related to four reviewers. one of the reviewers assumed the identity of a dead woman. nursery complained reviews made unfounded claims it was neglecting children. three of the reviews were removed by google for breaching anti-spam rules.
nineth-tier westfields will face curzon Ashton, who upset york city 2-1 in replay. ties to be played on the weekend of 5-6 November. 39 non-league clubs joined the 48 from leagues one and two in the first-round draw.
the order loosens a provision of the tax code which prohibits religious organisations from directly supporting or opposing political candidates. it directs the IRS to provide "regulatory relief" to faith-based organisations that are tax-exempt. the order was signed by president Trump as he hosts
Sharon Forbes and her daughter Savannah filmed the man, Alex Davies, at a rally. National Action is a far-right group that describes itself as fighting for a free white british. the video has been viewed thousands of times since they shared it.
Ken Dickie, 64, died in hospital on 14 may, six days after the incident in poole. his mother and her boyfriend were going through a "down phase" at the time. Jamie Mitchell, 35, of apple close, admitted intervening in an argument. he shoute
Portland won their first major trophy since joining MLS in 2011. Diego Valeri put the hosts ahead after just 27 seconds. rodney Wallace then headed in to make it 2-0 in the seventh minute.
Margaret aspinall and Trevor Hicks campaigned for more than 20 years to secure fresh inquests into the deaths of 96 people in the disaster. a jury is currently hearing the new inquest in warrington before coroner Lord justice goldring. fellow campaigner Anne Williams,
sports minister do Jong-hwan said north and south could co-host skiing events. he also said the countries may enter a combined ice hockey team. the games in Pyeongchang, south Korea, will take place from 9-25 February.
witnesses said the assailant fired several shots. mr Dundar escaped unharmed.
the Guildhall was facing uncertainty after the ministry of justice announced it was one of 10 law courts to close in Wales. the council said it was still investigating how to make best use of the venue. one of the main reasons for buying it was to "ensure a secure future"
this year's festival will celebrate and champion Ms suu Kyi's cause and world vision. events include a discussion with wikileaks founder Julian assange called article 19. Ms Suu Kyis said it was wonderful to know there was so much support for the effort
prince will step down as a pilot after stints in the RAF and air ambulance. the prince is the only senior royal to have a deep understanding of the nhs. with his family moving from Norfolk to London, prince George will go to a private school.
the convention on the rights of persons with disabilities failed to reach the two-thirds majority needed. the treaty was signed by 155 nations and ratified by 126. former senator and presidential candidate Bob dole, who uses a wheelchair, appeared on the floor in support.
the government says the high court ruling will not slow down Brexit. the government is appealing against the ruling, with the case due to be heard again. ukIP's interim leader, Nigel farage, warned of large-scale public protests.
1,700 students read from attack of the Shidas at school in Nairobi. author muthoni muchemi wants to break stereotype that africans don't like books. last year 142,279 children read aloud in 360 schools in Kenya.
MotoGP world champion marc marquez's two-year reign is over. the spaniard had not won a race since the Czech grand prix in august 2014. his team-mate and title rival Jorge lorenzo was third after suffering tyre problems.
the author previously tweeted that her "personal line [had] been crossed" by some abusive comments. rowling faced a flood of criticism on twitter last year after it emerged she had donated £1m to the campaign for a no vote in the Scottish independence referendum.
the prosecutor's office says the main cause of his death could be physical shock. it notes that prosecutors have obtained witness statements from inmates and prison wardens. the blogger's death sparked an international outcry.
twenty-four buildings at Stow Maries Aerodrome, near maldon, have been grade II star-listed by the department for culture, media and sport. the airfield site, which was used as a base for the 37th Squadron, Royal Flying Corps, is one of the
two men, both 32, shot in the legs in newry, county down. a detective objected to bail, saying police feared he would reoffend. defence lawyer argued he could be released under stringent conditions.
almost all trials in sheriff courts in 2016 began within 16 weeks. two years earlier that figure was half. report said closure of 17 courts - 10 sheriff and seven justice of the peace courts.
Lewis and Harris are named after neighbouring islands in the western islands. Harris' name was chosen by the public in an online vote last week.
incident happened at the co-op store in Thornton at about 02:15 on 17 may. a Ford transit flatbed van, stolen in Station road, reversed into the premises. 25-year-old man is expected to appear at Kirkcaldy Sheriff court on Monday.
Nicki minaj will host the 21st annual mtv EMAs in london on sunday. u2, Alicia keys and ed sheeran are set to perform. Calvin Harris has pulled out of the awards after suffering a heart scare.
no children were apparently hurt when the school playground was shelled. but a biology teacher and a parent were among the dead, witnesses said. the school is 4km (2.5 miles) from donetsk airport, where rebels have clashed with Ukrainian troops.
Ibrahim Halawa was arrested during a siege on the al-fath mosque in Cairo in 2013. the 19-year-old could face the death penalty if convicted. he was on a family holiday when he and three of his sisters were arrested.
the group, who met on Wednesday, are against publication of their details. this is due to the negative publicity some businesses received after details of their biomass installations were made public. the economy minister, Simon Hamilton, has plans which, he claims, could reduce a potential scheme overspend of hundreds of millions
document prepared by the university also warns of the impact of a "harder" border. two-thirds of UU's staff from the republic of ireland work at the Londonderry campus. UU had 1,332 EU students in 2015/16 - including 1,206
uruguayan midfielder has signed a three-year deal with the tigers. the 24-year-old has scored seven goals in 14 matches for his country. his signing takes the club's summer spending beyond £30m.
1,000 londoners voted for 31 may as the date to celebrate the capital's history. the date was closely followed by 5 September - the date of the great fire of London. people also chose the queen as their favourite historic hero.
baby wombat was born at the wildlife refuge in st george, in australia. brings the total number of the species to 251. main threats are wild dogs, disease and competition from kangaroos.
england beat new zealand 20-14 to clinch the series 2-1. it is the last game before his current contract expires. the 44-year-old is also out of contract with club side Sydney Roosters.
Adrian Bayley was sentenced to life imprisonment in 2013 for killing an ABC radio employee. he was found guilty of three more rapes, of a Dutch tourist and two sex workers. all the women came forward after recognising Bayley during the investigation.
the princess of wales died on 31 august 1997 in a car crash in paris. the princes have commissioned a statue to mark the 20th anniversary of her death. princes prince charles and the duchess of cornwall will be in canada.
ARM ceding control is an example of the city mindset of "don't back [the] British economy" 95% of ARM shareholders voted to back the acquisition by softbank. ARM provides chip designs used by firms including apple.
four of the top five sound of 2017 acts are black British women. list was chosen by a panel of 170 DJs, critics and festival bookers. born in Nigeria and raised in south London, singer has avoided signing a record deal.
marineland, in Niagara falls, was also charged with failing to provide adequate food and water for 35 bears. charges also relate to failing to comply with the prescribed standards of care for a peacock and guinea hens, the OSPCA said. the company deny
Hibs join holders Glasgow City in the fourth round of the cup. holders city beat Rangers ladies 3-1 to reach the last 16. hibs are targeting a cup double after landing the SWPL cup earlier in the season.
cafodd siopwyr eu hebrwng o Ganolfan Siopa Quadrant toc wedi 14:00, ac mae'r digwyddiad hefyd a march
terror attacks have had a "devastating effect" on the company. the civil aviation authority (CAA) said it was helping about 1,200 holidaymakers. last month a gun and suicide attack on Istanbul's ataturk airport killed 42 people.
lawyers of the 55-year-old captain are expected to argue that the disaster was a collective failure. in february 2015, he was sentenced to 10 years for multiple manslaughter. investigators had severely criticised his handling of the disaster off Tuscany's coast
first minister says a second independence referendum will only happen after the outcome of the Brexit negotiations becomes clear. she also confirmed controversial plans to fast track new teachers into classrooms were to go ahead. the last of the four main party leaders in Scotland to appear on the programme.
five Saudis, reportedly including a prince, detained at Beirut's airport. two tonnes of pills branded as Captagon found in cases due to be loaded onto jet. largest drug smuggling operation yet uncovered at the airport, according to reports.
prosecutors had been expressing their wish to put him on trial in a US court since his arrest in February 2014. as the head of the Sinaloa cartel, he is accused of overseeing the smuggling of huge amounts of drugs from south and central america to the
the tools included scrapers used for cleaning skins and sharp points for hunting big game. the excavation had been started after pigs foraging along the Islay coastline uprooted Mesolithic objects in 2009. it is now thought they were made by people of the Ahrensburgian culture
the charge follows the mass fracas in the 95th minute of the game. city forward Sergio Aguero and midfielder Fernandinho were sent off. but midfielders Cesc Fabregas and fernandinho will not face any further action.
new finding gives more idea of how the group of dinosaurs, known as the Ornithischians, evolved over the years.
the 27-year-old pleaded not guilty at Durham crown court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming. the winger, who has played 12 times for England, was arrested in march. he was released on conditional bail ahead of his
firstGroup and MTR will provide 90 new trains with doors that can be operated by the driver. the RMT union said in talks the firm refused to provide a guarantee "despite what they have been telling the press". the union sees a second member of staff on board its trains as "critical"
fossil discoveries in australia show titanosaurs were living worldwide by 100 million years ago. a spell of warming allowed passage over frozen land bridges between the continents. scientists say the fossils add to our knowledge of the area 95 to 98 million years old.
the incident happened at 10:30bst near the village of tockwith, west of york. police said it was believed the aeroplane had suffered engine failure.
jp Morgan chief executive says he will move hundreds of people out of the uk. he says how many more jobs would go to centres all around the EU was no longer in the UK's control. lower personal and corporate taxes, making it easier to hire and fire are among the incentives
the man accused of throwing stones at the temple has been arrested. his family say he is mentally ill. police say protesters damaged property and threw stones.
four constituents raised the action under the Representation of the People Act 1983. they argued he misled the electorate over a memo claiming Nicola sturgeon would rather see david cameron become prime minister. judges have ruled that section 106 of
decorative stones were supposed to spell out poem, The City Speaks, by Shane Rhodes. but braille teacher Barry wheatley said it made no sense as the braille is too big. council said it was only intended to be "creative" tactile paving.
Hamilton trails Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel by 12 points heading into the azerbaijan grand prix. the briton won the last race in canada but had poor performances in two of the previous three races. he was 24 points behind Vettel before a dominant performance by the german
the latest version of the open world adventure was due to go on sale on 27 January. a statement from rockstar said: "the game requires a few extra weeks of testing and polish to make it as good as can be." the company announced that eagerly-awaited online heists are
the 21-year-old made seven appearances in all competitions during a loan spell with barnsley last season. the attacking midfielder has penned a two-year deal with manchester united.
experts say attempting so-called "gay cures" can be "dangerous" and "damaging" 14 organisations, including NHS England, have signed an agreement to stop gay conversion therapy being offered to patients. there are no official figures for how many people attempt conversion therapy every year.
Brian Krebs says a Russian cybercrime forum administrator hatched a plan to order heroin. he says the person used bitcoins to buy 12 small bags of heroin using the Silk Road online black market. the package duly arrived at his house, and he handed it over to the police
barts health NHS trust was placed in special measures by the care quality commission. the trust is responsible for the care of around 2.5 million people. fresh concerns have now been raised at the royal London hospital and newham university hospital.
food and drink exports as a whole grew by 8.3% year-on-year to £4.9bn. whisky remained the top export during the period, with sales of £895.9m. exports to non-EU countries have been growing at a faster rate than those
Grainger credits her karate instructor and school art teacher, Mr Davis, for her success. the 40-year-old went from white belt to black belt and was the first student he had. grainger took up rowing after winning gold at the 2012 olympics
thirty-six whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea on Tuesday. but 28 of them floated back to the shore and died on Wednesday. the last time such an incident occurred in Tuticorin was in 1973.
Mohammed abboud is on trial for murdering his former partner at their home. jury shown video footage of him telling detectives Ms Szefler "fell" with knife in her hand. the 57-year-old denies all the charges against him at the high court in Edinburgh
Emmanuel-thomas spent last season on loan at mk dons. the 25-year-old scored five goals in 15 appearances for the tigers. he becomes Gillingham's eighth signing of the summer transfer window.
wood pellet boiler used to power a horse solarium in a family business. solariums are the "same as what a physio would use for the human populace" the horses seem unfazed and no goggles are required.
Hatton finishes second at the Scottish open, his best finish on the european tour. the 25-year-old also booked a place at the open at royal troon. he will also play in his first major - the uspga at baltusrol, new jersey
"it's as good a four days of cricket as you could wish for from an english point of view," says england captain. Joe root named man of the match after scoring 254 in first innings and 71 off 48 balls in second. captain alastair cook made 105
the 27-year-old has signed a three-year contract with rugby park club. he made 150 appearances for the club before being used more in midfield at hearts. hearts' new owner, Ann Budge, dispensed with his services in her first act.
Vonn won her 77th world cup race on saturday in altenmarkt, Austria. the 32-year-old american beat last season's overall winner by 0.15 seconds. she was out of competitive racing for 322 days after suffering two serious injuries in 2016.
turkey's bid to join the EU and the proposed deal to grant Turks visa-free travel in return for turkey taking back migrants to Greece sparked a row earlier on in the EU referendum campaign. uk prime minister david Cameron has said it would be "literally decades" before Turkey was
with just days to go until christmas, many of us will be panic-buying presents. here are some tips on how to take the stress - and strain - out of last-minute shopping. homelessness charity Crisis works to help rough sleepers over the christmas period. shelter estimates more than
VW says it is working out how to refit the software in the 11m diesel engines involved in the emission's scandal. in spain slightly over 3,000 new cars are affected but showrooms have been told to put them aside. the effects are spilling over into the local economy around VW's
polling stations opened at 08:00 local time (07:00 GMT) in many states, gubernatorial and state assembly elections could prove to be a tight race. biometric voting cards are to be used again, despite some problems with their debut in last month's election.
Neil lennon was sent to the stand during last month's Europa League qualifying match against Brondby after remonstrating with officials. the 45-year-old was automatically banned from the touchline for the return leg in Denmark, with hibs losing on penalties.
two years ago, a major hospital in Belfast, Royal Victoria, was said to be "at breaking point" there is evidence of a change of mood with the opening of an emergency department. there has been a 10% year-on-year increase in the number of patients treated within four hours.
duffy is the only nominee from outside the premiership, having led the toon to the play-offs and the league cup semi-finals. McInnes's dons have reached two cup finals and are second in the league. thistle achieved a top-six
Canon Enid Morgan remembers the moment a bill to enable women to become bishops failed. the first woman was made an anglican deaconess in usk, monmouthshire, in 1884. just 11 years before the failed vote for bishops, the church had accepted women
about 400 people in northern ireland live with permanent disabilities. injuries include amputations, paralysis and blindness. victims say compensation is now running out. the democratic unionist party is preparing a bill to put a special pension in place.
Frazier Glenn Miller Jr, 74, targeted the sites in kansas last year. judge: "your attempt to bring hate to this community, to bring terror, has failed" Miller shouted "heil Hitler" before he was removed from the courtroom.
wildschut has agreed a two-and-a-half-year contract with the latics. the 25-year-old helped Wigan win the league one title last season. dijks has joined the canaries on a deal which includes an option for the english club to
prince william's last shift was thought to have been on Tuesday. he could return to his regiment in London, the Household Cavalry's blues and royals. the duke has said the island has been a "special place" for him.
Alloa beat queen of the south 1-0 in challenge cup semi-final first leg. striker dobbie scores his fifth goal in three games and 12th of season for wasps. goalkeeper Neil parry denies striker three times before the strike kills off visitors' hopes
Morgan Owen, 24, from Buckley, Flintshire, died after being restrained. he had also been stunned with a Taser by police two days earlier. an inquest jury concluded the death was accidental through taking cocaine.
daron dylon wint, 34, was detained late Thursday in the us capital. he is accused of killing the four victims and setting the house on fire. police refused to confirm reports he was identified by DNA from a pizza crust.
the live-action remake was granted a "p13 parental guidance classification" the decision to review the film in Malaysia courted criticism from netizens, many of whom called it "stupid and laughable"
police called to near Llantwit major beach shortly after 20:30 BST. force helicopter used during the search with help from the coastguard. police said the death is not being treated as suspicious.
the Guardian published more than 2,000 leaked reports from the immigration centre on nauru. these revealed widespread abuse and trauma among asylum seekers. former police officer accused the media of "trivialising" allegations.
49 children died and more than 70 were seriously injured when flames spread through the nursery. the fire started at a warehouse in the city of hermosillo on 5 June 2009. prosecutors asked a judge to issue the arrest warrants for the director of the nursery and some of
the 79-year-old was held on Monday on suspicion of murdering Elsie Frost. she was stabbed to death in a tunnel beneath a railway line in wakefield. the man was first questioned in connection with the murder in 2016. he is also being questioned
triprebel, a german start-up, hopes to solve the problem of paying too much for a hotel room. its algorithm constantly checks the rates for each hotel room, from the moment it is booked, until a couple of days before a guest checks in. a third of hotel
the 35-year-old is Spain's most-capped player with 167 caps. but he has been overlooked for matches against Belgium and Liechtenstein. former porto boss Lopetegui replaced Vicente del bosque in July.
the winner will be announced at the guildhall on Tuesday night. it is the first year that the prize is open to all authors writing in english, regardless of nationality. former booker winner Howard Jacobson is among three British writers on the shortlist.
the annual festival started back in 1945. this year the town will launch its first ever tomato-based obstacle course, the Tomatina race.
the 6ft (2m) mako shark is thought to be the first ever caught off the coast of wales. the shark was pulled from the water near Milford Haven by four anglers. actor Julian Lewis Jones was among the team who caught the shark.
more than one million people have watched the video on facebook with hundreds leaving comments. the zoo's director of life sciences said lope's "dance" is evidence of him playing.
in sport security often becomes the story - 'to go or not to go' dilemma is shared by competitors, journalists and spectators. there are two differing approaches to security at events considered to be a risk. most memorable example of the first strategy was in india after the Mumbai attacks.
the number of nurses and midwives has risen by 5.2% since 2006. the RCN said a "boom and bust" approach to staffing had led to cuts. they said the workforce was facing added pressure as the age profile of nurses increased.
we were there was written in 1982 by Leicester singer Bob Wragg in support of England's World cup finals campaign in spain. the song was about to be released when the Falklands conflict broke out.
a hacker using the alias Stackoverflowin ran an automated program. it scoured the internet for printers that did not have basic security controls on. once it found a vulnerable device, the program made it print a page announcing the invasion. the
police said a 15-year-old boy had been charged. the teenager is expected to appear at Aberdeen sheriff court.
Danny rowe put the Silkmen ahead after the break with a deflected strike. mitch Hancox made it 2-0 shortly after, before Danny Whittaker's shot put the result beyond doubt. the result lifts Macclesfield up to seventh in the table, while
deputy prime minister tells the BBC he thinks the debates will go ahead. but he says broadcasters should grow a "backbone" and push ahead without him. plans put forward by the broadcasters include the conservatives, labour, lib dems and ukip
around 1,500 children still remained living at the camp in temporary shelters. they have now been taken to special centres around france where they can be properly processed. the jungle is situated at a place called Calais, which is on the north coast of france, right near to the UK
retired field marshal overthrew president Mohammed morsi last July. has since been pursuing a crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood. said there would be no reconciliation with anyone who had "blood on their hands"
Lukas Jutkiewicz scores his seventh goal of the season from the penalty spot. Jacques Maghoma pulls one back for the visitors before the break. marc Roberts is sent off for Barnsley after a foul on Che Adams.
the OU has developed a scheme to observe students' paths through online courses. the programme, called OU Analyse, was developed during the 2013-14 academic year. it uses a variety of data sets held by the university and assesses the likelihood of a student submitting their
daphne corboz taps in after steph houghton's free-kick is saved by keeper. in second-half stoppage time, Jane Ross heads home to secure all three points.
detentions by the immigration and customs enforcement agency jumped to 41,318 between January 22 of this year and the end of April. that was up from 30,028 arrests in about the same period last year. more than half the increase in arrests was of immigrants who had committed no
former west indies captain gayle scored 41 runs in 15 deliveries. he was responding to a question about his aggressive batting style. the comments were described as "disrespectful and inappropriate"
customs officials became suspicious after finding the man's suitcase contained six pairs of trainers and almost nothing else. italian police said the drugs haul had a street value of more 2m euros (£1.8m/$2.2m) the man had said he flew to Rome for a short holiday
the agreement appears to bring to an end a bitter dispute between the coalition and the Afghan government. special forces and local police have been accused of committing atrocities in the area. relations between the president and Nato have been tense in recent weeks.
universities and the Kirsty Williams campaigned for the UK to remain an EU member before the vote in June. the conservatives said she had offered some "nuggets of wisdom" but was "exaggerating a sense of crisis"
much of india's milk is collected from small farms across the country. by the time it reaches consumers it's impure and old. as part of the BBC's Taste of Asia series, suranjana visited one dairy farm outside Mumbai that's trying a fresher approach
the boomtown rats were to headline the event in dumfries on 4 June. Rick astley, ABC, The stars from the commitmentments and the Rezillos were also to perform. but advanced ticket sales of just 700 compared with 5,000 sold in 2015 prompted the decision to cancel
team new zealand beat americans 9-8 to retain the 2010 olympic sailing cup. four-time Olympic champion ainslie drafted in as tactician to help Oracle resurgence. americans won 10 of the next 12 races to lift the oldest trophy in
manchester city beat swansea city 2-1 in the efl cup on wednesday. it was their ninth consecutive win since new manager pep guardiola took over. spaniard rangel says guardiola is a "maestro at what he
fifth seed and 2013 winner massaro to face seventh seed and sixth seed Nicol David. third seed Gregory gaultier will face frenchman after third seed led 11-9 when ashour retired. fourth seed and world no.1 matthew will play switzerland's juan
Ilex was set up in 2003 to regenerate two former army bases. closed in march amid accusations it failed to deliver enough investment and jobs. ex-workers accuse the northern ireland executive of breaching employment law.
NHS Highland asked people to avoid the site last week, after 50 people fell ill. three wards remained closed to new admissions and visitors. the rest of the hospital was open.
the images were taken by photographer Nick Hedges in the 1960s and 1970s for housing charity Shelter. an exhibition will be held later this year in Sheffield, Birmingham and Manchester to mark Shelter's 50th year. the charity is asking anyone who recognises themselves or anyone else in the images to get
Nadine foster, 18, was a passenger in a Ford focus when it hit a wall. she was taken to hospital but died a few days later, police said. two men are accused of causing death by dangerous driving. they are due before magistrates in Walsall
the ferry, which sails between Poole in Dorset and the channel islands, struck the quayside at St Peter port, Guernsey. the vessel, which is meant to be more resistant to heavy seas, has been out of service for repairs since the crash.
Dylan Marcus Edwards, 50, from Llanrwst, admitted causing suffering to cat. the cat defecated in the royal oak hotel kitchen in Betws-y-coed in December. he was sentenced to 18 weeks in prison, suspended for two
action by MyFerryLink workers has also caused Eurostar services to be suspended for the day. foreign office warns travellers to keep their car doors locked in slow moving traffic heading back to the UK. P&O Ferries said the workers feared for their jobs after their ships were sold by Euro
whistleblower claims team sky continued to inject riders despite ban. one of the substances said to have been injected is fluimucil. in march, Josh Edmondson told the BBC he secretly injected himself with a cocktail of vitamins when riding for Team Sky.
Marmalade, a 13-year-old ginger cat, was found nearly four months after going missing from Tracy Brewster's maidstone home in July. the cat, nicknamed marmie, was discovered nearly 40 miles away in Surrey in November after Ms Brewstern launched an
researchers examined the way the Beckhams spoke before and after their move to the US. they found that David dropped his H sounds at the start of words far less often. and in a separate video study of wife Victoria, the ex-spice girl was found to be "definitely getting
racing and Stade Francais set to merge for 2017-18 french top 14 season. former Racing star david Phillips says the news is a "huge shock" racing's new 30,000-capacity stadium is due to be completed later in 2017.
technology companies will be able to introduce the flags to their software from July. a UK flag is already available on smartphones and other devices. flags already available include those for ascension island, st barthelemy and djibouti.
an initial rally in the pound faded. overnight it hit a two-year high against the euro. shares in RBS were up 2.6%.
committee says prejudice-based bullying is on the increase in schools. racism "has made a resurgence" and gender-based harassment "commonplace" committee has made 29 recommendations, among them measures. government and councils urged to adopt refreshed anti-bullying strategy.
the scam involves a fake story about an african man trying to transfer his inheritance to a new account after his father was poisoned. the use of gaelic in the email is poor, according to speakers on the isles.
the midfielder more than 150 appearances for rochdale. the 27-year-old was released by Carlisle united at the end of the 2015-16 campaign.
the crash happened at about 17:20 on saturday. the fire service and air ambulance was sent to the scene.
coventry city's owners have been involved in a long-running dispute with the Ricoh's previous owners. the council said the club wanted to meet to understand how it would deal with a planning application. rugby borough council said its leader and the council's executive director and head
fast bowlers Timm van der Gugten, Michael hogan, Graham wagg and Craig Meschede took on the bulk of the fast bowling duties in 2016. teenager Lukas carey topped the championship averages with 13 wickets in three games. the county hope that leading bat
the 29-year-old was overlooked for their triumphant six nations campaign after starting in the 2015 world cup. the surgery ruled him out of contention for the tour to australia in June. youngs will mark his recovery by taking over as Leicester club captain.
leigh halfpenny taken off on stretcher after man-of-the-match display for australia. beale scores last-gasp try to give hosts 12-9 lead at half-time. wales drop out of top eight in world rankings ahead of 2015 world cup draw.
the net migration target, set by david cameron in 2010, has never been met. recent figures put net migration at 273,000. questions had been raised about whether the commitment would feature in the manifesto.
Clint hill and Ryan jack were both booked for two bookings. Andrew considine headed a late consolation for the hosts. the win puts Rangers level on points with hearts but eight behind leaders Celtic.
"no" side polled 2,001,926, votes to 1,617,989 for "yes" - 55% to 45%. tory leader says the debate must now widen to the rest of the UK. pm set to outline plans for Scotland to have draft legislation published
university of Nottingham is developing a quick and easy test to do in clinics. the test looks for a combination of "markers" in the blood which are different in healthy people and those with the disease. it could mean much earlier diagnosis and better treatments.
cruise ship has 23 swimming pools, over 10,000 plants and a 10-storey high water slide. it took 32 months to build and will set off on its first cruise at the end of may.
former west ham and sunderland defender Ferdinand, 31, has suffered with injuries in two seasons at reading. academy graduate cox, 29, has struggled for goals in the last two campaigns. six loan players who represented the club this season have all returned to their parent clubs.
the original Jolly Fisherman poster was commissioned by the great northern railway. it featured the slogan "skegness is so bracing" and has become synonymous with the resort. peta says Jolly "evokes images of cruelty to animals"
actor depardieu says he loves his new country, calling it "a great democracy" he had announced he would give up his french passport to avoid higher taxes. french prime minister had called his decision to leave the country "shabby"
noppert will play darryl fitton in the last four. waites, a two-time winner, was seeded sixth for this year's tournament.
Ryan Giggs is out of the running to replace Bob Bradley at the swansea city. former Derby boss steve clement was interviewed for the job in the autumn. the club are hopeful of having a replacement in place before the trip to crystal palace.
McCann leaves Dundee after five-week spell as interim manager. the 42-year-old indicated he was going back to his previous role as a tv pundit. former winger took over from the sacked Paul Hartley on 18 April.
the 2016 world monuments watch list hails the pools as a "rare survival" and the mansion an "architectural masterpiece" the list also includes the Kua Ruins in Tanzania - the remains of a medieval Swahili town at risk.
1914 - Cyprus annexed by the uk, after more than 300 years of Ottoman rule. 1955 - Greek Cypriots begin guerrilla war against the british. 1956 - Archbishop Makarios, head of enosis campaign,
he was an assistant referee at the match between sporting Lisbon and real madrid. his trip to Portugal meant he missed a justice committee meeting in the Scottish Parliament. he earns up to £40,000 a year as a self-employed specialist assistant football refere
visitors expected to flock to RBGE at peak of plant's pungency over next three days. horticulturist ''thrilled to finally see and smell' the plant after 12 years of cultivation. plant has heaviest corm ever recorded (153.9kg
969 under-18s have been referred in the UK in 2015-16, including nearly 200 aged 12 or under. this compares to just 94 in 2009-2010. one three-year old and three four-year-olds were referred since April last year.
president and vice-president are limited to two consecutive five-year terms. with almost all the votes counted, the "No" camp had a narrow but irreversible lead. opposition politicians and some within his party said it was a victory for democracy.
the 29-year-old spent the majority of last season on loan with wolves. he previously played 211 league games for the Molineux side between 2008 and 2015.
seven riders in the peloton crossed with the safety barrier down, but were not sanctioned for breaking race rules. one rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by a barrier which came down seconds before the 60kph train sped past. race organisers
raucous fans jumped up and down during an early first-quarter touchdown in the game between the Seattle seahawks and the new orleans saints. the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network detected the vibrations, measuring between a magnitude 1 and 2 earthquake.
adidas, Gazprom, Hyundai-Kia, McDonald's, Budweiser, Coca-Cola and Visa have signed deals with the world cup. but now they find their name associated with the increasingly tarnished Fifa brand. a number of the sponsors have made known
england coach Eddie Jones says his side have scrummaged illegally during the tournament. Jones says he is "quite upset" by Wales' approach to the set-piece. forwards coach Robin McBryde says England's Joe marler is a frequent in
Lee Doyle, 37, of Houghton Regis denied punching the groom. he and Gary Hutson, 46, of Luton, were guests at another wedding. both deny affray on 10 august 2014 at the court in hertfordshire.
the 22-year-old finished more than 2.3 seconds ahead of ducati's Andrea dovizioso. nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi was third on a Yamaha. Danny Kent, Moto3, and Sam lowes, Moto2, became the first two GB riders to
the overnight operation took place in nowzad district in Helmand province. two insurgents were killed and many were detained in the raid. it came amid the Taliban's annual spring offensive. in December a similar operation led to the release of 40 people.
Indonesia is highly diverse, with more than 300 local languages. the country faces demands for independence in several provinces. a powerful undersea quake in late 2004 sent massive waves crashing into coastal areas of sumatra.
despite the drop, the supermarket said it was continuing to make progress. chief executive Mike Coupe said he was confident its strategy would enable it to "outperform our major peers" this quarter, it said it had cut the prices of broccoli, onions, Margherita pizza and its own-brand nap
researchers found that by looking at a specific group of genes they were able to reliably detect underlying problems. it follows the death of sir david frost's son who died suddenly from a condition thought to have been inherited from his father. his family aims to raise
Hampshire restricted Glamorgan to 118-6 on a slow pitch at Lord's. captain James Vince (60 not out) saw the hosts home with six overs to spare. middlesex prevailed in a tight finish as Sussex could only manage two.
two people were rescued from the burning fishing boat. roman repec, 35, appeared at Peterhead sheriff court charged with wilful fireraising.
campaigning group says photographs are proof the boy was summarily executed. a military spokesman denies the allegations, saying they are based on "lies, half-truths and rumours" the army said he was killed in battle but human rights groups say he might
manuel pellegrini's side suffer only their third defeat of the season. city come from behind to beat germans 3-2 at the etihad stadium. aleksandar kolarov equalises for the visitors with a penalty. david Silva pulls
Susan Nicholson's family launched a five-year campaign to get to the truth. they hired a barrister and a forensic pathologist to re-examine pathologist's report. he concluded that Ms nicholson was suffo
living with lions is the fly-on-the-kitbag story of the 1997 British and Irish Lions tour of south africa. it came to both define that epic trip, and give it an eternal youth. a special BBC Radio 5 live programme has brought together the men who made it
the care quality commission (cqc) has rated as "good" the hospital was placed in special measures in 2013. the trust's chief executive said she was "proud" of the rating following the inspection.
the fate of a steel plant, thousands of miles away in Wales, will be decided by the board of the company. falling steel demand post-global financial crisis has meant that Tata's steel operations in Europe have been suffering heavy losses. if economics forces its hand, Tata
Sanchez signed a contract extension to remain in charge until the end of next season. but deportivo won just two of their last 22 league games. they were beaten 8-0 at home by barcelona on 20 April.
cosby family donated the money to the women's college in 1988. a 2005 civil case shows he admitted obtaining sedatives to give to women before sex. more than 12 women have accused Mr Cosby of sexual assault.
defending champion Simona Halep thrashed 6-1 6-1 by ukraine's elina svitolina. rain disrupted the schedule at the wta championships in Toronto. defending champs wozniacki and
investigation continues into why vehicle ploughed into Catherine Bonner's flat. a 55-year-old man who also lived in the flats continues to be treated for minor injuries. the lorry has been removed from the building and taken away to undergo tests.
three teenagers - aged 16 to 17 - were sentenced to five months' custody. two 13-year-olds were handed non-custodial 12-month referral orders. all five of the teenagers had earlier admitted violent disorder.
air force blue never challenged and was a distant 12th of the 13 runners. dettori crossed to the rail side to win by one and half lengths for his third victory. trainer aidan o'brien expected to give trainer a record eighth 2000 Guineas success.
new bill bans all types of geospatial information, maps, raw data or photographs. offenders could be fined up to 1bn rupees (£10.4m) the government said the rules would not create barriers to business if the bill became law.
the tour championship is the final event of the Race to Dubai. four players still in with a chance of topping the european tour order of merit. defending champions phil mickelson and rory mcilroy lead the 60-man field.
1733 portrait of gambian slave, ayuba suleiman diallo, by artist William hoare, has never been seen in public. the heritage Lottery Fund, the art fund and the national portrait gallery will all contribute to the total cost, which is £555,00
Lord Janner was accused of sex offences against children - which his family deny. the hearings, part of the Goddard Inquiry into child sexual abuse, were due to start in September. but they have been put back because of other inquiries, including the IPCC
more than 2,300 seats are up for grabs in county councils and unitary authorities across the length and breadth of England. the majority of council results are expected on Friday between 11:00 BST and 18:30 BST. six councils - Lincolnshire, Dorset, Somerset, Essex,
the last remnants of Israel's recently installed security apparatus were taken away on Thursday morning. Palestinians had fiercely objected to the measures introduced after the killing of two Israeli policemen. they had refrained from entering the Old City complex known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif and
Jhanvi Ahuja was visiting the india gate monument in delhi when she went missing. she was found with a placard around her neck with her name and uncle's telephone number on it. her family launched a campaign - bring back jhanvi - on
first foot found by dog walkers in weston park east in bath. second found in a garden of a property in July. third foot found in nearby Cranwells park two weeks ago. police say they do not believe a crime has been committed.
highways England wants to turn the hard shoulder into an extra lane to tackle periods of heavy congestion. supporters say it will improve traffic flow and ensure "less stressful driving" opponents claim it will increase congestion and affect the environment.
radon occurs naturally in areas with a large amount of granite. 99 of the homes tested were below target levels. 14 homes were above target levels and owners have been told to ensure there is good ventilation.
council says it is implementing the cuts "with a heavy heart" and blames "severe austerity cuts imposed by central government" plans include relocating the town's central library and cutting back on the citizens advice bureau. council will also work with traders to find a private
england opener cook scores his second ton of the season with the bat. westley scores his first first-class century as Essex close on 243-2. Kyle Abbott bowls westley with the last ball of the day to end their stand.
South Yorkshire police and Humberside police are to cut the number of dogs and handlers to a combined total of 25. the new operation will have two bases in Sheffield and one in melton, east Yorkshire. south Yorkshire police said that the move was "required to meet budgetary cuts
warwickshire police took the first call about a car on the wrong carriageway. but officers incorrectly recorded the direction he was heading on the M42. he crossed the county boundary into Leicestershire, where there were no motorway patrols. coroner: "this vehicle had
Linfield will host Celtic in their second qualifying round tie on friday 14 July. the first leg could earn the Irish Premiership winners up to £1million in prize money. security concerns led to agreement that any potential first leg would be moved from the normal midweek slot to the Friday.
marine conservation society calls it an "embarrassing u-turn" for the government. he will now look at the 125 existing marine protected areas to see if further improvements could be made. creating the zones would mean a ban on fishing and anchoring in some areas
ex-Celtic and Brighton winger joins the hatters on a two-year deal last summer. the 32-year-old has had to face up to some personal problems in recent weeks. boss Nathan Jones says it wasn't a straightforward decision for him.
the 29-year-old officer suffered a leg injury when the car hit him. a 38 year-old man was arrested and will appear in court on friday.
forensic expert Susan Williamson gave evidence at the trial of two men who deny attacking a journalist. she said she examined a jacket, mail bag, a knife and a jar that contained acid. the court was told she also examined the handle of the knife found at the
HebCelt is taking place in Stornoway and will run until Saturday night. this year's acts include the waterboys, imelda may and the peatbog faeries.
the number of women taking their holy vows has trebled in the past five years. 14 of the women who entered convents in 2014 were aged 30 or under. the Church says women are drawn to religious life because of a "gap in the market for meaning"
Poland international forward faces surgery after suffering injury in 2-1 win at MK dons. defender Antony Kay was yellow carded for late challenge on 23-year-old forward. Zyro is third Wolves player to suffer a serious knee injury this season.
charity worker Nazanin zaghari-ratcliffe was detained in Iran last year. she was trying to leave the country with her baby daughter after visiting relatives. her family denies she broke any laws and say her detention is a "stain" on Iran.
Bradford city beat chesham united 4-0 in the fa cup second round. city go ahead from 18-yard finish before james Hanson's angled strike. a cameo from Chesham's Barry Hayles goes close for the seventh tier side.
Chris Clark says he has uncovered a crucial pathology report showing she was strangled. the pathologist's report showed bruising on her neck consistent with a "knotted ligature" she was found battered in a Bakewell cemetery in 1973 and died in hospital
Cerys Yemm, 22, was killed by Matthew Williams, 34, in argoed, caerphilly county. PC Kelda Griffiths, who was the second officer into the bedroom, said Williams "didn't seem human" she said she had refused to enter the hostel without
OAS chief clashed with president last year after he called him "rubbish" in a series of tweets, he also called him a "petty dictator" he urged him to allow a recall referendum to go ahead.
closure of Pangbourne station in west Berkshire to help save £1.4m. closure of wargrave station in wokingham borough was deferred for a year. station currently manned part-time by retained firefighters.
the government is fighting a challenge in the courts, an effort to make ministers accept that Parliament, not the prime minister, must decide when to trigger Article 50. a senior government source says it seems to be "60-40" in their favour, with the judgement expected in the next week or so
Jacob Khanlarian, 20, from Newton abbot, was charged with two counts of intent to supply a class A drug. he will appear before Exeter crown court on 10 august. it is believed that leah Kerry suffered an adverse reaction from the substance.
the newly minted millionaire was reported to have just returned from a holiday. "my husband was literally pumping the air when he was on the phone," said the child's mother. Bonus Bonds are an investment that pays out thousands of prizes.
former bristol rovers trainee is first professional contract for the club. forest green gave a first senior deal to 18-year-old striker Olly mehew last week.
long-end crude prices have fallen by almost 40% over a very short period of time. coal prices are at near nine-year lows because of slowing demand from china. Noble also expects to book a loss from the sale of its agricultural unit.
detective botha was removed pending the result of an investigation into seven counts of attempted murder. national police commissioner mangwashi phiyega announced the change after a third day of testimony at Mr pistorius's bail hearing. the 26-year-old denies murdering his
Kirsty Williams has been a member of the Welsh Assembly since it was created in 1999. at 28, she was one of the youngest AMs elected. after the 2007 election, she opposed her party entering into a so-called rainbow coalition with the conservatives and plaid Cymru
only five of the 28 members - including the us and the UK - spend 2% of their annual income on defence. the white house has warned that the US could "moderate" its commitment to the 70-year-old defence partnership.
eight unnamed people were among 170 identified by investigators as being involved in modelling online. they included 59 photographers and make-up artists, 58 models and 51 fashion salon managers and designers. prosecutor Javad Babaei claimed modelling agencies accounted for about 20% of posts on Instagram
Armitstead extends lead over Moolman-Pasio to eight seconds. 2014 winner Vos wins 119km stage from Nottingham to Stoke in a sprint finish. only 20 riders at the front of the race to battle it out after the bulk of the day's climbing
police spoke to the woman in Failsworth after an abandoned 999 call. a 57-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assault. police later returned to the property to take a statement from the woman.
death row dog Stella Stella was seized by Devon and Cornwall Police in 2014. police said the dog was "deemed too dangerous to walk due to her aggressive behaviour" a petition to save Stella has gained momentum with more than 20,000 signatures.
the star of Ang Lee's award-winning film crouching tiger, hidden dragon wins best film. nora aunor, 59, and 87-year-old actor Eddie Garcia take home the main acting prizes. japan's takeshi kitano
former world champion will target the time trial and may also support Lizzie armitstead in the road race. pooley, 33, retired from cycling after winning two silver medals at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. the 29.8km time trial course in Rio features the 1.2km, 7% average
David Ellam, 52, was attacked as he walked his Yorkshire terrier, Rolo. Aaron Joseph, 29, denied being the owner of a dog that caused injury. he was released on bail and a trial date has been set for 5 february.
jaz oberoi said he was "accommodating" with police when they found the wires to be a headphone lead. his train was held for 30 minutes on friday evening while he questioned. police said the matter was "concluded" and no arrests
descendants of Sephardic Jews who can prove a strong link to Portugal can apply for a passport. proof can be brought through a combination of surname, language spoken in the family or evidence of direct descent. Thousands of sepulchric Jews were forced off the iberian peninsula
Catherine - also known as the Countess of Strathearn in Scotland - joined dozens of school pupils and teachers at a tennis workshop in Edinburgh. earlier in the day, she visited a school where children's mental health charity place2be support pupils having difficulties.
the visitors went ahead when Gary Roberts won possession and found Michael Smith to slide the ball home. Wimbledon made a better start to the second half and Andy barcham fired over, before dragging a shot wide.
in the year to the end of march, 57 victims of homicide were recorded - down five on the previous 12 months. sharp instrument remained the most common method of killing in Scotland. nearly all of these cases (26 out of 29) involved a knife.
the top two in super league will also meet in the final eight as Hull FC host leaders castleford tigers. Leeds Rhinos host championship side Featherstone in a local derby, while Wakefield make the trip to salford. the ties will be played on the weekend
NI families have £105 a week discretionary income, the lowest of any region. sterling has weakened since the EU referendum, pushing inflation to 1.6%. NI households spend £28.90 on petrol compared to the UK average of £19.90.
Hamilton wins at monza to take his tally of pole positions to 69. team-mate Valtteri bottas finishes second and is three points behind. red bull's daniel ricciardo finishes fourth. sebastian vettel
photographer David Baird has charted the progress of double amputee john whitehead. the runner, from Nottingham, has won two paralympic 200m gold medals. exhibition will be at Sneinton market, in Nottingham.
labour's new leader says he wants weekly sessions to be less "theatrical" new leader asks about housing, tax credits and mental health service cuts. pm says there should be more focus on "substantial" issues. new leader insists he will not campaign for the
many of the crocodiles have been recaptured, but more than half are still on the loose. the floods have killed at least 10 people in Limpopo province. son-in-law of the farm's owner says many escaped into dense bush and the river
the £230m development consists of 11 wind turbines. mr Trump claims they would spoil the sea views for golfers on his course at Menie. the project is aimed at providing enough energy for more than 49,000 homes.
drop-off point could be widened to provide a walkway on the right side for foreign-registered coaches. residents have expressed concerns coaches are avoiding the town. the work would cost £85,910.
RBS said about 600,000 payments were affected. it said it had now identified and fixed the underlying problem.
prosecutors say they have found the man's number on the phone of anis amri. the 24-year-old Tunisian killed 12 people by ramming a lorry into market shoppers. he was shot dead by police in Milan early last Friday, four days after
Cardiff are one point off the top six with nine games to play. slade has previously taken Grimsby, Yeovil and leyton orient to play-off finals. the 55-year-old admits a top-six finish would top any achievement so far.
alasdair McCrone, of Mull Theatre, and Gordon McLean, of the arts centre an tobar, were among three directors of the umbrella body Comar. funding restrictions made it necessary to reduce three posts to one. equity blames poor business planning and is calling on the board
the european and african leaders agreed to set up a trust fund to reduce the flow of people into the eu. the fund is supposed to "foster stability... and to contribute to better migration management" the summit was planned after around 800 migrants died when their boat sank off Libya in
report: wind power saved the UK £579 million in fossil fuel costs in 2013. the UK is recognised for having the best wind resource in Europe. report: energy sector will need to be re-shaped again in the next 10 to 20 years.
the government looks like it wants to tackle this head on, writes nadine dooley. longer NHS waiting lists means more private work, she says. the private market is worth £4.6bn a year, according to market analysts laing buisson.
the 26-year-old was hit by a van at about 13:20 BST on 27 July. he later died in hospital. police have appealed for witnesses.
tries from Rhys priestland, leroy Houston and ollie devoto give bath a 17-0 lead. second half try from Alafoti Faosiliva, Kyle eastmond and Nikola matawalu earns bonus point. exiles
contract was expected to fetch up to £500,000 in a sale of other rock memorabilia. it is the only managerial contract signed by both the final line-up of the Beatles and their manager, john epstein. a single page from John lennon's high
sirens sounded for a third consecutive day warning of an incoming rocket fired from Gaza. the Israeli military used its iron dome defence system to intercept and destroy the missile. despite the sunshine, outdoor restaurants, parks and pavements were much quieter over the weekend.
Cole Doyle and his family had planned a trip to Costa Rica but the first leg of the journey was overbooked. the family travelled to two other airports and spent an extra C$1,000 (£590) to get a flight. it comes after video of a man
report by OECD found Northern Irish pupils more satisfied with their lives. they had an average satisfaction score of 7.24 on a scale of nought to 10. findings are based on survey of 540,000 students in 72 participating countries.
Friday is likely to be the busiest day of the year, with more than 8,800 flights. air traffic controllers expect to manage a record 770,000 flights in UK airspace. the government launches a discussion to shape the industry for the next 30 years.
a warrant canary is a statement saying a company has not received secret requests. it is named after the birds that were taken down mineshafts to alert workers to toxic gases. when it disappears, visitors might assume the website has received classified requests for data.
competition organised by village leaders in Bibipur, Haryana attracted nearly 800 entries from all over the country. winners received a trophy, a certificate and prize of 2,100 rupees ($316; £199) Haryana has one of india's lowest gender ratios, with
footage taken inside the entrance to the westgate mall's Nakumatt supermarket. soldiers seen walking out of the supermarket, past a blood-spattered floor. at least 67 people died when suspected al-Shabab militants stormed mall.
about seven miles (11km) of shoreline, including beaches at great yarmouth, Gorleston and from Scratby to north denes, were affected by the flooding. workers are left with glass, wire and wood to dispose of. there is no estimate for the total cost of the
21 of the 35 residents at the unidentified home had been ill since 10 April. it is unclear if the flu-like illness caused the death. earlier this week, two people had died after a flu outbreak at two nursing homes.
flash Gordon star says he came across a woman in labour in 1963. the actor said he rushed across to her and got the baby out. he was covered in blood when an ambulance arrived.
"it's a scary thing, why would I intentionally scare a patient, that you've got a time bomb?" says dr Ian paterson. he denies 20 counts of wounding with intent against nine women and one man. the trial continues.
the team are taking the journey to draw attention to the melting sea ice. they've just left Alaska and have a 3,500 mile journey ahead of them.
the search giant's advertising revenue was also up 11%, to $16bn. google's shares jumped 7.5% in after-market trading as traders welcomed the results. advertisers pay Google only if a user clicks on one of their ads.
Frankie dettori was competing for the first time since he was thrown from his mount before racing at great yarmouth on tuesday. the 46-year-old fell after his mount seemed to be startled. this year's royal ascot meeting starts
Gateshead beat Wrexham 2-1 in the north east derby. Ryan bowman scores a late winner for the hosts. Connor jennings misses a penalty for the visitors.
the Philippines brought the case to the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the hague. the tribunal ruled there was no evidence that china had historic rights to the waters or resources that fell within its "nine-dash line" the Philippines has had diplomatic spats with china over the Scarborough Shoal
Mahmoud has been using technology developed in Scotland to capture 3D images of moving faces. the 28-year-old graduated with distinction in his masters degree and hopes to take his research to a higher level. he says this technique could provide pointers to the correct treatment.
man arrested after a 54-year-old man died at a hospital in livingston. he had suffered head injuries during an incident in King street, bathgate. officers have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
the takeover ends the troubled three-year stay of italian businessman Francesco Becchetti. the club recently staved off a winding-up petition at the high court. former owner Barry Hearn will retain ownership of the club's stadium.
the Fixed Term Parliaments Act was introduced after the 2010 election to bind together the two parts of the new coalition government. the Act provides two mechanisms by which an early election could be triggered. taking each in turn, the government does not have the numbers on its own to achieve a two-
a 47-year-old man has been charged with arson and is in custody. about 400 people normally work at the fire-damaged council site. a skeleton staff of 40 people worked from temporary accommodation last week.
ambulance trusts paid private companies and voluntary organisations £68.7m to attend emergency calls in 2015-6, compared to £22.1m in 2011-2. ambulance service in england took 861,000 emergency phone calls in march 2016 - which equates to 27,800 a day.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp made only four changes from the xi that started at burnley. divock origi and Roberto firmino scored for the reds in the 15th minute. Tom Naylor inadvertently put the ball in his own net after the
off-spinner Danielle hazell injured in training on monday. she will be replaced in the squad by fellow england spinner Laura marsh. the 27-year-old's place in the side for the game with india went to left-arm spinner Rebecca Grund
former Newcastle centre-back joins championship side until the end of the season. the 31-year-old was offered to clean his boots by a young player at portman road. he spent the first part of this season in the united states with MLS side Portland Timbers.
the 16-year-old girl was raped on Saturday 20 December 2014 at an unknown address in the bolton area. the victim has worked with specialist officers from Greater Manchester Police since the attack to create the e-fit images of the men. detectives want to hear from anyone who recognise
atkinson has made 20 appearances for the magpies since joining in 2015. the 22-year-old has yet to play in a league game this season. he could make his debut for the Heed when they travel to face Guiseley.
"they have no idea if it's Russia or china or somebody sitting in a bed some place," he says. cia officials said on friday they concluded that Russians hackers were trying to help Mr Trump. senior Republicans have now joined Democrats in calling for a full investigation.
government bond yields hit a five-month high, while shares fell 1.9%. Socialists struck a deal with two smaller far-left parties over the weekend. they will have 122 seats, enough to out-vote the centre-right coalition government. a vote on
the 19-year-old is in her second year of competition at the snowboard cross world cup circuit. qualification for PyeongChang 2018 depends on points accumulated during the season. the 2018 games' opening ceremony takes place on 9 February 2018 in south Korea.
the gang carried a handgun, a crowbar and a machete as they raided the flat. they also made off with a haul of £2,500. the victims believed they were going to be shot after the gun was pointed at their heads.
the 29-year-old made 37 appearances for the sky blues last season. he has also had spells with Charlton, Bradford and Preston. colchester face aston villa in the first round of the efl cup on wednesday.
Cameron Toshack is the son of former manager John toshack. his under-23 side have reached the quarter finals of the checkatrade trophy. but they were beaten on penalties by coventry city in the last eight.
children from deprived backgrounds are twice as likely to face police action. living in poverty also increased the likelihood of violence among both boys and girls. the government has said Scotland is becoming a safer place to live.
Shana Grice, 19, was found with her throat cut in her bedroom in august 2016. her ex-boyfriend, michael Lane, 27, had placed a tracker device on her car. miss Grice contacted police several times about Lane's unwanted attention. police watchdog
Jason set up one of the UK's largest computer games companies with his younger brother in 1992. the 53-year-old jousts a dozen or so weekends every year, wearing an exact replica of a medieval suit of armour. he says he tries to run
10 people affected by e. coli outbreak in Bordeaux. sprouts believed to have been grown from seeds sold by Thompson and Morgan. company says it has no evidence of a link to the outbreak.
a bidder to run fertility services at university hospital of hartlepool was rejected. council asked clinical commissioning group to explore with bidder how it could reach standard. but, the CCG said it could not lawfully treat one bidder differently. care fertility, which operates 15 clinics across
northbound carriageway closed at junctions five, castle bromwich and six, Spaghetti junction. 200m-length section across four lanes had to be resurfaced after a fuel spillage. a 26-year-old man driving a Saab died at
ex-sunderland winger denies two counts of sexual activity with a child. court hears how he told her "everything" about kissing a 15-year-old girl. he also told her about other women he had cheated on her
social mobility commission warns of "treadmill families running harder and harder but standing still" it says young families can no longer expect to do as well as their parents' generation. report urges government to commit to building three million homes over the next decade.
Netanyahu says he will raise renewing sanctions when he meets Trump in February. it is not yet clear what type of missile was launched, or if it violated the UN resolution. a 2010 resolution barred Iran from undertaking any work on "ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear war
network rail said it would provide twitter updates of engineers installing new freight lines over Easter weekend. the rail firm said they would "definitely have a story to tell" but railway magazine said the firm's PR team had gone into overdrive after work overran.
Lee haskins defends his IBF world bantamweight title against Ivan Morales at Cardiff's new Ice arena. haskins is brother of current world IBF featherweight champion Lee selby.
scotland lost to northampton in the rbs 6 nations on saturday. it was only the Scots' first match in the competition. but the reality of european rugby hit them right between the eyes.
premiership Celtic 2-0 motherwell hearts 1-1 inverness caledonian thistle 2-0 partick thistles 2-0 st johnstone championship dumbarton 2-2 ayr united greenock morton 2-2 falkirk raiders 1-1 hibernian challenge cup
Blackpool can move to within a point of the relegation zone if they beat Rochdale later in the day.
experts say Welsh place names are particularly important, as they tend to be descriptive of the conditions at the time of naming. despite the rich source of information which they could hold, Wales does not have a national place-name body monitoring trends and derivations. this weekend, a conference organised
shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith says this is "the most important general election for a generation" he made his remarks as labour launched its campaign in a seat it lost to plaid Cymru in 2001. some of the replies were more on message than others.
Rachel Morris wins gold in the women's arms-shoulders single sculls. brits win trunk-and-arms mixed double and mixed coxed four. men's track cycling team claim sprint gold in world record time.
met commissioner sir Bernard hogan-howe asks sir Richard henriques to make recommendations. operationtion Midland inquiry into 1970s and 1980s paedophile ring among inquiries to be examined. met police has come under fire amid claims it over-reacted to allegations
Yanagihara's novel, the story of four college friends seeking fame and fortune in new york, is tipped to win by bookmakers William Hill and Coral. this year's shortlist features two authors from the UK, two from the us and one each from Jamaica and Nigeria. victory for
the reverend gavin Ashenden left his position as chaplain to criticise the move. a passage from the Koran was read during an Epiphany service at the cathedral. the cathedral has said it is standing by its decision.
anders behring breivik complains in a letter to the prison service that his coffee is served cold. he also says he does not have enough butter for his bread and he is not allowed moisturiser. Breivik is serving a minimum 21-year
Henrik stenson shoots six-under 65 to lead at royal troon by one shot. defending champion Zach Johnson two shots behind in second place. northern irishman Rory McIlroy shoots 71 to finish eight shots off the pace.
sources close to Jeremy corbyn say "100%" they didn't leak the manifesto. sources are trying to point the finger at the party's deputy leader, Tom Watson. they say this is all about 9 June, if labour fails to get 30% of the vote on polling
a study in nature has shown aducanumab is safe and halts memory decline. 40 people dropped out of the study, half because of side effects they experienced. larger studies are now under way to fully evaluate the drug's effects.
paediatric pathologist Dr Caroline Gannon resigns over interventions by attorney general. foetal abnormality and abortion are two of the most common causes of death in ni. attorney general John larkin has intervened in legal proceedings over the issue.
Richard Brittain, a former champion on tv show Countdown, travelled from england. he used facebook to find Paige rolland, 18, at her work at asda, Glenrothes. the 18-year-old suffered a severe
Alexis sanchez gave barcelona the lead with a superb strike in the first half. david villa hit the post for atletico before david godin equalised. Diego Costa went off injured just 14 minutes into the game for the hosts.
the beatrice offshore windfarm limited is being constructed in the moray firth at a cost of £2.6bn. energy firm SSE is among the scheme's investors. a total of 84 turbines are to be installed by seaway heavy lifting.
the body of Rebecca Johnson, 26, was found in the Finnish village of Kuttanen. the couple lived in Scotland before moving to the Arctic for seasonal work. a 36-year-old Czech national was arrested on Saturday after fleeing into the wilderness.
physicist's work contributed to development of radar technology, which aided the allies in world war two. grew up in the city and graduated from Swansea university in 1930. also played a key role in developing radio astronomy in the u.s
panhypopituitarism has left him with just 5-10% vision in his left eye and 50% in his right eye. he has no perception of 3D and is also colour-blind. doctors think the condition was caused by a piece of his skull not forming correctly in
2% of the UK is listed as ancient woodland. 45 rare species of trees have disappeared in the last 100 years.
the surrender was the largest by Afghan security forces since Nato ended its combat mission. the Taliban have stepped up attacks during their annual spring offensive. some officials blame the central government for failing to send reinforcements.
folk music played a large part in this year's opening ceremony featuring Cerys Matthews and other leading Welsh musicians. we asked ten of the leading exponents of Wales' folk music to share songs that best represent what makes each tradition so unique.
83% of critical care patients were discharged to another ward in 2014-15, up from 79% in 2011-12. health boards have been told to cut delays in transfers and discharges, equivalent to the loss of 16 beds. Deputy health minister Vaughan gething said continuous improvement was needed
the 59-year-old was the first american to manage a premier league club. he lasted just 85 days before being sacked by the swans in 2016. los angeles will join the MLS for the 2017-18 season.
the 36 survivors include men, women and children who were enslaved. they are being housed in centres established by the UN Population Fund. the UN estimates that 1,500 women and girls are still being held.
holidaymakers ran and hid from presumed attackers in Platja d'Aro. panic turned into a stampede as bystanders mistook selfie sticks for weapons. police were called to the centre of the town following reports that shots had been fired.
west germany won the 1974 world cup with a 2-1 victory over the netherlands. the germans were guided on the pitch by an all-great in the shape of Franz Beckenbauer. joachim low's sweden were the only team to reach the final
the earthquake struck this morning between the capital city of Kathmandu and another city, pokhara. it had a magnitude of 7.8 - which means it was very strong. officials say that more than 700 people have died as a result of the earthquake.
board of community health councils refuses to say why chief executive Tony Rucinski was suspended. emails show he raised concerns the board's chair may have been influenced by a government minister to stop him doing media interviews.
sovereign military order of Malta celebrates 900th anniversary of founding. founded by a Benedictine monk who opened a hospital for pilgrims in Jerusalem. evicted from Jerusalem by Saladin, they set up a new headquarters in Cyprus. settled in Rome in 18
in her role in the 1965 film, she famously performed the song sixteen going on seventeen. after leaving the film industry, she ran an interior design firm in California. the real life Liesl, Agathe von Trapp, died aged 97 in 2010.
the hacker, known online as Th3Dir3ctorY, was arrested in Malaysia in October 2015. he was extradited to the US in January this year. after he has served his sentence, he will be deported to Kosovo.
BBC Sport readers predicted the top three for every race this season. the vast majority of you were on the money when it came to the top two. however, third place caught a few of you by surprise.
concerns about public protection and child safeguarding in Surrey were down to a "failure of leadership" Kevin Hurley, Surrey Police and Crime Commissioner, said he considered seeking her dismissal. last November, Mrs Owens saw off competition to be named director-general of the National Crime Agency
trust said there was "no indication that any patients have been adversely affected" more details will be published shortly. please refresh the page for the fullest version.
world-leading expert in forensic anthropology becomes a dame. rod Stewart knighted for services to music and charity. Lord Smith of Kelvin made a member of the order of the companions of honour.
Northampton player scored three tries in Wales' 61-20 win over italy in the six nations in march. the 23-year-old is one of 10 players retained for the starting XV against Italy on saturday. north earned his 50th Welsh cap in Dublin and
Isabelle prime, 30, touched down at villacoublay air base where she was greeted by her family and the french president Francois Hollande. she was captured, along with her translator sherine Makkaoui, on 24 february. in June, a video showing Ms
RMT members working for CalMac are preparing to hold a second 24-hour strike. union members within Argyll Ferries are also to walk out. dispute triggered by tendering of Clyde and hebrides ferry services.
England face Sri Lanka in world t20 semi-final in Delhi on saturday. victory would secure England's place in the last four for just the second time since 2007. Defending champions Sri Lanka have not played since Sunday's defeat by the west indies.
more than 5,000 people are being housed in tents set up in emergency camps. a river burst its banks, triggering flash floods and landslides. the death toll is expected to rise.
police seized computers, mobile phones and sketches in the raids. they did not find a "smoking gun", a prosecutors' spokesman said. two other Algerians in germany were tracked down but not arrested.
the 28-year-old was charged on 29 July with breaching FA rule E8. rule prevents professional players from betting on football-related matters. lafferty made one league appearance for Norwich last season.
Thomas McMeekin crashed into a tree in Morley, near Leeds, on 7 march. the defendant and a teenage passenger were left paralysed by the crash. he pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and will be sentenced next month.
the man was arrested on suspicion of preparing for terrorist acts. officers are searching a property in east London.
Mr Oyston sued Stephen Reed over material posted on a fans' webzine. the verdict comes the day after the club was relegated to league two. judge says the effect appeared to be "to stir up, and maintain, resentment of and hostility"
the second round of peace talks gets under way in Geneva on monday. both the worsening war and a grave humanitarian crisis will be on the agenda again. "everything - even daily bread and innocent children - are weapons in this war"
the holiday inn express in picardy place was put up for sale in November. its owners, the european development company, ran into financial difficulties. it was bought by international hotel properties for £17.7m, plus costs.
andre ward will defend his light-heavyweight titles against russian 'Krusher' kovalev, 34, was unhappy with the decision in the first fight. the pair weighed in at 12st 5lbs on friday, two pounds under the limit.
the government said the right to a fair trial would not be affected. some law firms estimate that the reforms will reduce the number of people who qualify for legal aid by 75%. lawyers and others fear the proposals will fundamentally change the criminal justice system.
Rochus Misch was the last survivor from Hitler's bunker in Berlin. the former SS man had operated the telephones in the bunker. he called the fuehrer "a very normal man... he was no brute"
tries by Tom Habberfield and Tyler ardron gave the home team a 14-point interval lead. Brendan Leonard's try saw the game off before Jacob Stockdale's late score. ospreys need a point in their final game to secure a play-
polystyrene blocks are believed to have caught fire in the mine. seven workers were taken to hospital and treated for smoke inhalation. more than 100 staff were underground at the time, 11 of whom were unaccounted for.
former lorry driver is alleged to have committed 31 offences against three children. alleged victim told jurors she went to police because she was unable to cope with the "guilt" of not making a complaint. she told the court she had hidden abuse she suffered as
Glamorgan win toss and captain Jacques Rudolph chooses to bat first. both teams face a hectic schedule of five limited-overs games in a week.
the three ministers - dubbed the "three Brexiteers" for their role in backing a Leave vote - are on a two-day tour of australia. no deals can be done until withdrawal in march 2019 but the UK has established a series of inter-ministerial working
aidan chaves wanted in connection with "an incident of affray" in sawbridgeworth. game between Sawbridgeworth and Clapton was abandoned after 95 minutes. player appeared to get knife out after being spat at by a Clapton fan.
dog walker spotted the body in vernatt's drain, near the bridge in spalding. police recovered the body from the water after being alerted shortly after 14:00 GMT. officers initially treated the death as unexplained, but said they were now class
of a pre-war population of 3,000, there are now only around 40 people left. cnn's nina dos santos spent a night with a couple who refused to leave one of the most embattled places on the Ukrainian front
Cardiff Devils will face the steelers in the elite league final on 4 march. the Devils requested to rearrange their game 24 hours before the final. league rules state teams cannot change fixtures within four weeks of a game.
Collins, 66, suffered a severe gash near his eye after falling on the way to the toilet. he had stitches in hospital and will be kept under observation for 24 hours. the shows were meant to take place on 8 and 9 June but have now been rescheduled.
Natalie queiroz, 40, has been moved from critical care to a ward following the attack. her daughter is doing well, university hospitals Birmingham said. businessman Babur Karamat Raja, 41, is charged with two counts of attempted murder and one of attempted child destruction.
tour players were also given an option to scrap the tournament after last month's controversy. world number 20 Dave Gilbert was knocked out in the quarter-finals after referee failed to call a time foul on china's Xiao Guodong. event winner Anthony
dujardin, 30, set world records in winning the freestyle dressage and grand prix events last year. the double Olympic and world champion will ride Uthopia instead of her usual horse Valegro in Wednesday's freestyle. Brash, the first rider to complete the sport's grand
trainer John gosden let favourite Shutter speed race after he walked the course. the unbeaten 4-7 favourite beat runner-up vintage folly by a length and three quarters. trainer William Haggas took the Duke of York Stakes for trainer William haggas.
families of missing students in mexico refuse to believe they are dead. they say they want more answers and will not give up looking for them. prosecutor says the students were killed by the gang.
norris was speaking at a public debate on diversity in UK theatre at the NT in London. he said he was also in talks with "senior writers" about a play on the main Olivier stage.
Dunlop, 27, lapped the course at 132.36mph on his BMW superbike. he was only four seconds outside John McGuinness' absolute lap record. Ian Hutchinson was second fastest in the Superbike class with 131.66.
sheep rustling is the problem and efforts are being stepped up to tackle it. border collie Tom gathers his flock of mule gimmers - young ewes. the purpose of gathering the sheep in is to teach police officers how to spot a stolen animal
lines Henry have been appointed as administrators of the food chain. the firm was founded in 2004 by chef and his father, also called Anthony Flinn. despite good reviews the business had struggled with increased competition.
police seized 12kg of "high purity cocaine" worth between £1.5m and £4.5m. at least 36kg of mephedrone worth up to £300,000 was also seized. 11 defendants from Blaenau Gwent, Newport and Rhondda Cyn
Sally Shalloe, 51, died when her bicycle was hit by David staley's motorbike. at Nottingham crown court, staley admitted causing her death by dangerous driving. he was disqualified from the roads before being bailed ahead of his sentencing.
the government described the current contracts as "outdated" and "unfair" the BMA said the sticking point was over classifying Saturday shifts in the same way as weekday ones. junior doctors get extra payments for work outside "normal hours" - which are currently classified as 7am to 7pm
foredowne boarding kennels is facing allegations about how dogs were kept without exercise. the licensing authority, Teignbridge council, said it was investigating. whistleblowers have made allegations about dogs being put in 3ft by 9ft cages.
car and parts production has already been halted at four plants. production will be stopped at two others later this week. the interruptions in production will affect 27,700 staff.
lib dem leader says young people are "front and centre" of party's plans. the scheme would be paid for by cutting winter fuel allowance and free tv licences. he rejects reports that free bus travel for pensioners would be axed by the party.
west indies chasing 346 to win in their 400th test in the united arab emirates. mohammad amir took 3-63 for the hosts, his best figures since his spot-fixing ban. bravo reached three figures off 211 balls, hitting nine fours and
the EAW operates EU-wide and replaced separate extradition arrangements. it was introduced in 2004 and was prompted by the anti-terror drive after the 11 September 2001 attacks. figures for 2009 show that 15,827 EAWs were issued in total and of those 4,431 were executed.
12,000 midwives will have to time theirs around delivering 1,800 Christmas babies. at care homes there will be 200,000 staff sitting down to eat during a break. father christmas will visit wards at alder Hey children's hospital in Liverpool.
Ferrari were the only team to run the soft tyre, which is about a second a lap faster than the medium used by Mercedes. max verstappen was sixth following his promotion to red bull, 0.169secs behind new team-mate Daniel Ricciardo. mer
ex-BBC journalist found dead in a toilet at the city's ataturk airport. she was acting Iraq director for the institute for war and peace reporting. family and the IWPR say they believe she acted alone.
hooker Vicky fleetwood will also remain in England for the next few days. forward Poppy Cleall has been called up as a replacement.
man claims he had sex with Julie wadsworth up to 15 times between 14 and 18. he says he sent messages to her when "drunk, depressed, or down" the couple deny assaulting seven boys in the 1990s.
Froome trails Contador by 13 seconds and Porte by six seconds. stage three of the tour de france warm-up race was won by Astana's Fabio aru. aru broke away from the peloton with 12 kilometres to go.
Declan McManus and Joe Cardle put the hosts 2-0 up in 11 minutes. Craig Sibbald was sent off for Falkirk and Lee Miller was also sent off. Tom Taiwo scored for the Bairns with a right footed shot from the centre of the
people not on electoral register have until 7 June to apply for a vote in 23 June's referendum. around 7.5 million people in Britain are not registered to vote. Electoral commission says booklet "gives everyone the information they need"
if the front of the glacier retreats 150km, it will enter a runaway reversal that takes it 200-250km further inland. the last time Totten retreated to the deep interior of the catchment was probably in the Pliocene Epoch
president obama fired special prosecutor appointed to investigate alleged wrongdoing. julian zelizer says the firing of archibald cox was reminiscent of the 1973 "saturday night massacre" he says the president lost his moral authority, argued his critic
rigging supervisor Steve innes said he and fellow wood group contractors discovered they had been exposed to alpha radiation. he said the workers now faced cancer fears, and blood tests were ongoing. the incident happened at thistle, 125 miles (201 km) north east of shetl
Anton Levin, from dagenham, was stabbed at a house in southend in 2014. Abdulfatah suleiman, 28, was arrested in Norway and extradited back to the uk. he was jailed for 16 years with a five-year extended
vessel capsized at midnight local time in Libyan waters south of lampedusa. so far only 28 people have been rescued and 24 bodies retrieved. italian pm Matteo Renzi said it was a european tragedy.
Shrien dewani, 34, from Bristol, is accused of hiring a hitman to murder his wife. he denies any involvement. his legal team argued that his mental health was too fragile for him to stand trial. three men are currently serving jail terms in connection with the death
Sri Lanka made 248-9 after half-centuries from mendis, chandimal and mathews. plunkett took 3-46 as rain delayed the start of the run chase. England lead the five-match series 1-0.
a year since plans for a combined Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire devolution deal were submitted to the government. of the 19 councils first involved, only 13 are left. two, Chesterfield and Bassetlaw, have decided they would rather be part of a deal already signed off with Sheffield
"this does not reflect well on anyone," said chief executive Erik Samuelson. Robinson previously spent six years in charge of MK dons, the club which resulted from Wimbledon FC's relocation to Milton keynes in 2003. the comment directed towards him "breaks all boundaries of football," said
Jason Cummings, James Keatings and Chris Humphrey scored in the first half. a goalkeeping error gifted Hibs a first-half lead. the second-half saw a flurry of goals for the underdogs.
the 22-year-old was born in Edinburgh but has not been involved in the Scotland set-up before. Jones plays for Cape Town-based super rugby side the stormers and his preferred position is centre. he comes into vern cotter's 27-man squad after fly-half
"i am most grateful for the many digital messages of goodwill I have received," she wrote. the queen sent her first ever tweet in 2014 when she opened a new exhibition. her official birthday is held on a Saturday in June - a tradition going back 250 years.
the Rev Canon Alison white was made the bishop of Hull in a service led by archbishop of york Dr John Sentamu. she and her husband, bishop Frank White, are the UK's first husband and wife bishop partnership. the church formally adopted legislation last November to allow
ball has taken six wickets in each of notts' first two games of the season. the 25-year-old is the leading wicket-taker in division one of the county championship. read says ball is "genuinely lively and he does plenty with the new ball"
major Roy and Joan Bates moved to an anti-aircraft fortress just outside British territorial waters almost 50 years ago. they declared it an independent state and gave themselves the titles "prince" Roy and "princess" Joan of Sealand. their son, "prince" michae
the Ukulele Orchestra of great Britain seeks injunction against rival group. the judge rules in favour of the german-based united kingdom ukulele orchestra. both orchestras perform their take on contemporary pop songs.
multiplication was a "very important" part of a child's mathematics knowledge, he said. plans for such a test were in the conservatives' election manifesto. the test will be taken by Year 6 pupils in the spring of 2019.
US military says strike targeting Taliban may have caused "collateral damage" at least 12 MSF staff members and seven patients were killed in the incident. the UN called the strikes "inexcusable and possibly even criminal" the hospital, run by the medical charity, was severely damaged.
McChrystal played 114 times for derry city and tranmere Rovers. the 33-year-old is the latest summer signing for the crusaders. "i hope I can bring more success to everyone here on the shore road," he said.
seeds of the forest project aims to extract oil from the andiroba tree. settlers migrated to the region from north-east of brazil in search of land. project has expanded to include more forest products and involve more communities.
some fans and politicians angry that poppies were not worn by players. Ulster rugby said several other pro12 clubs had not worn a poppy during games. it said its players had observed a minute's silence and it would hold a memorial service.
Johnson scored 15 goals in 41 games for the heed this season. the 23-year-old joined the club from championship side Cardiff city in 2015. he has previously had spells with Stevenage and Tranmere.
site believed to contain thousands of copies of a video game called ET The Extra-Terrestrial. Gordon Sinclair from retro gaming event play blackpool shares his 'top 5' worst video games.
most members of the equal opportunities committee endorsed the marriage and civil partnership bill. the legislation still needs to go through three stages of voting at parliament before becoming law. campaign group Scotland for Marriage renewed its call for safeguards in the legislation.
whistleblowers say they were employed by two front-companies set up by a gang of fraudsters. they say as many as 60 "employees" work in "call centres" in two Indian cities. victims are tricked into giving access to
care quality commission (cqc) made a number of recommendations. trust said it is "working hard already to address the issues" care at the trust was given an overall rating of "requires improvement"
employability minister says two-thirds of sluggish growth is down to oil and gas downturn. report suggests much - but not all - of the explanation was the oil price. dean lockhart of the Scottish conservatives said the SNP had to take responsibility.
the 33-year-old mother had a section of her ovary removed 11 years ago. after chemotherapy, doctors re-implanted the tissue last year. the new service was open to NHS patients.
Nick yarris has never had an apology for being imprisoned for crimes he did not commit. he spent almost all his time in solitary confinement. while on death row, he educated himself about the law, and sometimes read up to three books in a
bedene beat coric 7-5 4-6 6-1. he will face german fourth seed Alexander Zverev in the last 16.
cross-party amendments on giving Parliament a final vote on the Brexit deal will be pushed to a division. potential further votes on issues like the Brexit implications for northern Ireland. there will be plenty to watch out for in what will be the last full-scale budget in march.
Nóirn O'Sullivan welcomed the fact that new police recruitment had begun. but she said policing is a profession that constantly needs new people. she said over 500 new recruits every year were needed to cope with crime.
Curtis has served the Swans as a community officer, youth coach, first team coach, assistant manager, caretaker manager (twice) and match day host. the 61-year-old faces arguably the toughest challenge in his 44-year association with the club -
the goal of the season will be chosen at the end of the campaign. the last man to win the award was Steven Gerrard's strike in the 2006 FA Cup final. can scored a volley with his back to goal in the 3-1 victory at liverpool.
researchers are preparing to contact all 6,400 families in the country affected by type-1 diabetes. those at risk will be offered a drug called metformin to see if it can hold off the disease. if successful, the study could challenge long-established thinking.
Karen jacquet, 59, was pronounced dead at the scene. yousef Mohammed, 65, appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' court charged with her murder.
Flipkart was founded in 2007 by two former amazon employees. it has 22 million registered users and handles over 150,000 shipments a day. earlier this year, it acquired fashion portal myntra and exceeded $1bn in annual sales.
three judges rule pm cannot trigger formal Brexit process without parliament's backing. communities secretary says vast majority of MPs backed referendum in 2015. theresa may due to speak to eu president by phone on friday to say she will stick to March 2017 deadline.
a party member recorded a member remarking at a meeting that Golden Dawn members had not beaten radical left MP dimitris Stratoulis hard enough. the party sued the leftist when he accused them over the attack. golden dawn denies involvement in violence.
chief financial officer Alan trotter is to leave Alliance trust. chief executive Katherine Garrett-cox is to step down from the board. the firm aims to simplify its structures and reduce costs by £6m per year.
arsenic occurs naturally in the earth's crust, but if it leaches into groundwater, long-term exposure can cause serious health risks. Until now, estimating the scale of contamination in large countries has been difficult. researchers from Switzerland and china looked at geological maps of the
parliamentary select committee into anti-doping has been hearing evidence about package. it was sent for team sky's former rider sir Bradley wiggins at a race in 2011. team sky has admitted "mistakes were made" over how medical records were kept. but
council has rejected calls for the authority to ignore government spending targets. mayor Joe Anderson said the council would set a legal budget. council has to save £156m over the next three years, on top of £173m cuts.
sixth form at Halewood academy in knowsley will shut in august 2017. department for education agreed it could stop providing A-levels. principal Gary Evans said it was "sad" but left the academy in a stronger financial position.
Hartley is favourite for the england captaincy in 2017. but he insists all the focus is on the November opener against south africa. Hartley believes the new club and country agreement will be of great benefit.
protein-infused patch encourages growth of healthy cells and leads to less scarring. scarring can be common after a heart attack, making the heart pump less effectively. scientists believe repairing or replacing some of these cells may help reduce long-term damage.
on 11 January, 32-year-old midfielder will have been with the bluebirds for a decade. his current deal in the Welsh capital runs out in the summer. Cardiff face Fulham in the third round of the FA cup on Sunday, 8 December.
this year's Proms will see pianist leif ove andsnes bring to a close a four-year Beethoven piano concerto project with the Mahler chamber orchestra. the decision was made to include some of Mozart's works as well, says proms director Edward Blakeman
Kevin O'Malley tells RT that he expects the trip to happen within the next 12 months. he paid tribute to president Obama as a "spectacular leader and role model" whose "character is impeccable"
Pogba's emoji was shown on advertising boards in his side's 1-1 draw with Liverpool. the 23-year-old missed a first-half chance and conceded a penalty at old trafford. former Sweden striker Ibrahimovic, 35, has
on average, 94 women in northern ireland each year are diagnosed with cervical cancer. Approximately 22 will die. the trial, which targets women who are too late to undergo surgery, gives six weeks of additional chemotherapy.
"we must win that game," says head coach steve strachan. the 60-year-old has been in charge since 2013. he signed a new two-year contract in October 2015.
the Cerutti mastodon site near san diego was uncovered in 1992. possible stone tools were discovered alongside the smashed up remains. some of the bones bore a characteristic breakage pattern known as spiral fracturing.
former england defender Stuart pearce to play for langford afc on saturday. the 53-year-old defender joined the non-league club in january. longford have lost all their games this season and are 178-goal
the US foots more than a quarter of the UN's $7.9bn (£6.1bn) peacekeeping bill. a spokesman for UN secretary general Antonio Guterres said the organisation was willing to discuss how peacekeeping could be made more cost-effective.
police say the 58-year-old was found with head injuries on a road in Riddrie. his family are "completely devastated" by his death and appeal for information. officers say the car driver is assisting with their inquiries.
study of 18,000 seven- to 15-year-olds in 16 countries, by university of westminster academics. freeing children to go out alone in their local area benefited their health and development. overall, Finland was found to be the top-performing country on independent mobility.
the 33-year-old man was injured while grabbing onto a toilet at colchester police station. six officers face allegations of assault and using excessive force. the IPCC said the allegations could amount to gross misconduct if proven.
caley thistle beat inverness 4-0 in their scottish championship clash at firhill. a well-worked goal from Carl Tremarco gave the visitors a half-time lead. miles storey doubled the visitors' lead before Josh meeking
accounts prepared for parliament class £2.9bn of the £3.9bn in maintenance arrears as "uncollectable" ministers said the focus was on debts for children still being brought up, but old debts would not be "forgotten" around 1.3 million single parents are owed money
reporter had apparently called on the comedian to question him over his tax affairs. brand deleted the reporter's mobile number and email, but not before some said they had contacted him. some twitter users, including former daily mirror editor Pier Morgan, complained that targeting the journalist was unfair.
polls suggest a centre-left alliance is running ahead of the hawkish Likud Party. the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians has never felt like a major campaign issue. this campaign has centred much more on the economy - problems like the cost of housing.
scottish football's financial landscape has changed dramatically in recent years. all clubs are free of long-term liabilities now that they have a deal with london's Lloyds bank. clubs have been saddled with large debts and were able to only service them.
gao Yu, 71, was found guilty of sending an internal communist party document. the document warned against the dangers of a free press and an independent civil society. sources have told the BBC that Ms gao has already left prison.
jury concludes death of man from St austell was suicide while undergoing care 140 miles away from where he lived. inquest heard he was hit by a train near St Austell after going on leave from a Somerset hospital. the 29-year-old had been suffering from paranoi
Klopp signs three-year deal worth £15m to replace Brendan rodgers at anfield. the 48-year-old german says he believes in the potential of the team. he will be joined by former borussia Dortmund assistants Zeljko buvac and Peter Kra
more than 8,000 bottles were picked up during the great British beach clean up in september, up 43% on 2014. the marine conservation society wants deposit return schemes, which give money back to people who return empty bottles, to encourage recycling. it said putting a charge on the bottles of up to
20-year-old centre-back made 12 appearances this season as Pompey won the league title. whatmough has played 50 games in total for the club. find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
the playwright's political play this house has just transferred to the west end. it debuted at the national theatre in 2012, and recently had a run at the Chichester theatre. director Jeremy Herrin said he was "delighted" by the reaction the play has had.
the ratings were up on the launch of last summer's show, which debuted in august 2015 with a 2.2 million average. reality show personalities Saira Khan, Marnie Simpson and Katie waissel are among the latest edition's 15 celebrity housemates.
the government announced finalised plans for a cull, initially in pilot areas, as a way to curb the spread of tuberculosis in cattle. the Badger Trust says culling will not stop TB and may in fact help spread it. other campaign groups are considering action under
12 march 2016 Last updated at 13:12 GMT.
the collapse of the dam, containing waste from an iron ore mine, killed 19 people. it created a river of millions of tonnes of toxic waste. the companies said they still had not agreed how and when the mine would re-open.
new overhead bins will be fitted to some 737 aircraft from the end of this year. new design will mean a 2in (5cm) reduction in headspace for passengers. bins can be retrofitted to any of the "Next-Generation" 737s.
Kyle Abbott dismisses angelo mathews for 59. south africa go 1-0 up in the series. the second game in the three-match series starts in Cape Town on 2 January.
the man has been released on bail until early december. he is the 19th person arrested under the Yewtree probe.
Durham closed on 324-4 after batting first in their first innings. latham reached his hundred but was caught behind off Neil dexter for 124. steel went on to make his century off 242 balls.
Pritchard has signed a four-year deal at Carrow road. the 23-year-old has scored a total of 20 goals in 100 matches on loan away from white hart lane. former england under-21 international has made more than 400 career appearances.
pound has risen at times when a softer Brexit has looked more likely and vice versa. pound rise suggests markets are betting that theresa may will (a) win and (b) win a bigger majority than she currently has. an election in June does give her -
pearse Jordan was shot in the back by an RUC officer as he ran from a stolen car. judge Horner said there was a basis for concluding the officers committed perjury. the judge rejected an application to lift the anonymity order preventing either officer being named
millie Thompson, nine months, fatally choked on her lunch at a nursery in stockport. her mother, Joanne, set up an e-petition to make paediatric first aid training mandatory. the government said it would produce guidance and a national review.
most of the refugees in Wales were taken in the second half of 2016 - 285. a total of 5,454 people have been resettled in the UK. Oxfam Cymru welcomed the figures, with Conwy and denbighshire the latest authorities to become involved
british no.1 rafael nadal beats canadian kei nishikori in straight sets. novak djokovic and stan wawrinka also reach men's finals. serena willi
Ashley sibery, 39, persuaded her husband to take heroin after confronting him about his drug habit in their home. she pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable and reckless conduct at Edinburgh Sheriff court.
Ogogo has resumed training as he continues his recovery from a knee operation. the 27-year-old has made 79 appearances for shrewsbury since joining in 2015.
four-time tour de france champion froome finishes in bunch on stage in Tarragona. team sky rider still holds two-second lead at top of general classification. briton's Simon Yates moves up to 10th in general classification, 48 seconds behind leader
two-time major winner last won at the tournament in January 2016. american carded a seven-under-par 65 in the third round to move to 17 under. fellow american brandt snedeker (67) is second on 11 under, one ahead of dustin john
hole opened in Ripon, north yorkshire, at 22:30 GMT on Wednesday. measured about 20m by 10m and was 9m (30ft) deep. no-one was injured in the latest collapse.
the tourists are without a one-day international series victory in india since 1984. batting line-up for Sunday's first ODI in Pune is expected to be Alex hales, Jason Roy, Joe root, Jonny Bairstow, Eoin Morgan and Jos Buttler
60 jobs at careers Wales, which employs around 600, are to be axed, the union says. Unison said all employees of Careers Wales had been written to asking if they would take voluntary redundancy. the union said the organisation was facing a £2.7m cut in
french and evans took an 18-second advantage into the final shoot-run combined phase. but Lithuania's team overtook them and won gold by just three seconds. the mixed-team event is not currently part of the Olympic programme.
the 30-year-old joined Serie a side napoli from Siena in 2009. he is watford's fourth summer signing after Christian Kabasele, jerome sinclair and Isaac success. zuniga played four times for Colombia at the 2014 world cup
spending review will set departmental budgets for next four years. chancellor says he has reached a settlement with all government departments. health, schools, international aid and defence will escape cuts. police chiefs warn that a cut of 25%, at the bottom end of the expected range,
"i loved casino royale and Daniel Craig. he is a wonderful actor," he said. the 84-year-old veteran actor played the British spy in seven films between 1973 and 1985. Craig's third Bond film, Skyfall, is due for release in the UK on 26
Kent close on 288-5, a lead of 437, opting not to set Essex a target. Essex earlier were bowled out for 292, avoiding the follow-on by one run. northeast shared an unbroken 185 with will Gidman (63 not out)
questions are being raised in the province around radicalisation and whether there is a climate of intolerance that needs to be addressed. police have not said what motivated the alleged attacker, who opened fire at the Quebec Islamic Cultural Centre during evening prayers. there are reports that Mr Bissonette expressed anti-
unions have been pressing for a bigger wage increase in view of the TV company's profits. ITV said it was "confident" that viewers would be unaffected by the proposed industrial action.
Glamorgan won three of 16 games in the county championship division two last season. but they failed to make progress in the limited overs competitions. mott is in the third and final year of his contract as head of elite performance.
in 2014, english and wales had the highest incarceration rate in western europe. 146 prisoners per 100,000 population, narrowly ahead of Scotland's 145. since 1993 the prison population has almost doubled over a period of 17% population growth.
Marie black, 34, of Norwich, stood trial with nine others, including five women. she was convicted of offences including rape and inciting a child to engage in sexual activity. black sobbed uncontrollably in the dock as the verdicts were delivered.
review from the international programme on the state of the ocean warns that the oceans are facing multiple threats. they are being heated by climate change, turned slowly less alkaline by absorbing CO2, and suffering from overfishing and pollution. conditions are ripe for the sort of mass extinction
chancellor is £23bn better off than he thought in July, and without doing anything. he is using £19bn of it to cover the £4.4bn annual cost of not slashing tax credits. but if tax revenues turn out lower and interest payments higher
one of Tata's two galvanised steel lines could be closed from the end of October or November, according to the community union. the company said the line could be restarted in better market conditions. last month, Tata announced it was mothballing part of its plant in Newport
a shallow grave was found near bundaberg in the state's south-east. police and the RSPCA are investigating the find. it follows an expose by the ABC into the practice of "live baiting" in the greyhound racing industry.
the 17-year-old left-back has made seven appearances for the Bairns this season. it had been suggested several english clubs were also interested. he was dropped to the bench for sunderland's 2-1 win at St Mirren.
magician Newton Edward Daniels was born in middlesbrough on 6 April 1938. he was a junior clerk in the local council before joining his parents in a small grocery business. the couple often performed together as The Eldanis, an anagram of his surname.
govia Thameslink paid £2,233,000 in 2015-16, which it said was about 50% more than in 2014-15. last year, which? lodged a "super complaint" amid claims the system was too complicated. rail minister: passengers need to know they will be compensated fairly.
body of Peter Wrighton, 83, was found three miles south of east harling. he had been repeatedly stabbed. police want to trace three men seen around the woodland close to the time he died.
Scott Ludlam, 46, is deputy leader of the Australian greens party. he said he had been dealing with mental health issues "for a while" figures from across australia politics wished him well on social media.
staff at Breckland council will not be paid in future for the time they take to have a cigarette. council said move was aimed at making issue of smoke breaks fairer for individuals who did not smoke. leader of the conservative-run council said: "we are not trying to stop
at least 80 people were killed during the attack on the 1,500-seat venue. student Hanna corbett said there was blood all around and people lying on top of each other. she said people inside did not realise straight away what was happening.
australia reach 156-6 before declaring for the second time in the match. england were reduced to 29-5 before losing their last five wickets in 39 balls. seamer Ellyse Perry took career-best figures of six wickets for 32 runs.
wayan mirna solihin, 27, met with two friends in a Jakarta cafe on January 6. she collapsed after complaining about her coffee's taste and died a short time later. traces of cyanide were found in her coffee and tests confirmed she had been poisoned
Burke's move to RB Leipzig makes him the most expensive Scottish player. the 19-year-old joins after just 31 appearances for forest. he scored six goals during his time at the club. motherwell manager James McFadden believes the move will benefit Burke.
Timothy Allen, 40, is due to go on trial in Cambridge for her murder next year. he was due to appear via video link at the Old Bailey, but it was decided he did not have to attend.
media officials say journalists who filmed bowatte indarathana's suicide could have tried to have him rescued. the monk was protesting against the slaughter of cattle and the alleged conversion of Buddhists by Sri Lanka's minority faiths. he set himself on fire outside the
Hitachi is to buy Horizon Nuclear Power, which was intending to build reactors on existing sites. the Japanese company says it wants to invest billions of pounds and create thousands of jobs in the UK. no firm investment commitment will be forthcoming until the government comes up with a minimum price for nuclear power
party members are set to vote for new leaders at Holyrood and Westminster. the shadow secretary has given his backing to leadership contender Kezia dugdale. he is also backing Yvette cooper to become the next Labour Party leader.
in the us it took $204.6m (£132m), making it the second biggest opening weekend ever just behind 2012's Marvel's The Avengers with $207.4m. in the global box office, the film took $774 million (£499m) despite strict quota on the
australian personal trainer, 22, was stopped at an airport in bogota on 12 April. family claims she is innocent of drug trafficking charges. australia's department of foreign affairs and trade is providing consular assistance.
Sevilla beat barca 2-1 at the Sanchez pizjuan stadium on saturday. barca have now lost consecutive away games in la liga. the catalan giants are still serving a 14-month transfer ban.
lawnmowers, a scarifier and a turfer were taken from the lockerbie site. det con Scott Barr said it appeared to have been a "targeted raid" he appealed for anyone who may have seen anything suspicious to contact them.
how i met your mother star clad only in socks, shoes and what are referred to in america as "tighty whiteys" bafflingly, the script saw Harris referring to reese witherspoon as someone he could eat "with
as an EU member, the UK and UK-based firms can sell their goods to EU customers without having to pay additional taxes. the prime minister has already ruled out continued membership of the EU's single market post-Brexit. many assuming this means the UK will also leave the custom
action man plastic figures made their debut in the UK at the British Toy Fair in 1966. sales of the figures topped 20 million by the end of the 1970s. a boxed judo costume recently sold for??6,000 at auction.
the giant orb, covered in detailed NASA imagery of the lunar surface, has been hung temporarily in the Wills Memorial Building. each centimetre of the internally-lit spherical structure represents 5km (3 miles) of the moon's surface.
engineers at MIT pioneered a method for glass 3D printing in 2015. they then started to work with mathematician Pierre-Thomas Brun. he has studied the fluid dynamics of liquid "ropes"
17-time grand slam champion beats france's gasquet 6-4 6-2 6-2 in Lille. the win gives the Swiss an unassailable 3-1 lead over the frenchman. he also paid tribute to compatriot Stan wawrinka
snow in the inverness area and roads around Fort William and Glencoe were very icy. the met office has issued amber "be prepared" severe weather warnings. five schools in the Highland Council area are closed, according to the local authority's website.
Andy Taylor came close to opening the scoring after five minutes. adebayo akinfenwa hit the bar with a powerful 25-yard strike. blackpool almost snatched a winner in the 81st minute.
shots were fired through windows of the house in moneyleck park. man, who was in the house at the time, received hospital treatment. he has since been discharged from hospital.
the toddlers took their mother's 2005 ford focus after finding the keys in the floor mat. the pair made it three miles (4.8km) down the road and successfully navigated multiple turns. officials are weighing charges against the mother.
officers called to Leith Walk at about 06:00 following reports about a man with a neck injury. it is believed he sustained the injury sometime between 05:30 and 06:30 in nearby Smith's place. he was taken to the Edinburgh royal infirmary where his
10 servicemen and one woman died after their bomber crashed in the island of man. the aircraft veered off-course by several miles before coming down and bursting into flames in a field above Port St may.
justice Thomas has said in the past he prefers not to "badger" lawyers in court. he spoke weeks after the death of one of the most conservative Supreme Court members, justice Antonin Scalia. the court is considering placing new limits on the reach of the federal law banning people
the move comes a day after a federal appeals court lifted a ban that had been in place since 2008. supporters of the ban say by law they had more time to appeal before the ban can be lifted. the ban was approved by voters in 2008, months after the state of California refused to
finance committee wants Derek mackay to hand over detailed planning information. opposition members say he has been "ambiguous" and not been clear about what information will actually be provided. a "fundamental" review of the budget process has also been established.
former warwickshire coach dougie brown steps down as director of cricket. the 46-year-old is leaving by mutual consent after four seasons in the job. brown was appointed in 2013 when he became coach of england's limited-overs teams.
the world gravy wrestling championships took place in Stacksteads, lancashire. 16 men and eight women competed in the tenth event in aid of east Lancashire hospice. the wrestling ring is a 14ft (4.3m) by 13ft (4m
Kevin McGuigan, 53, shot dead at his home in the short Strand on Wednesday. police believe two men shot him several times in the head and chest at point blank range. he was one of a number of suspects in the murder of Gerard 'Jock' Davison
Kemp, who last played Grant Mitchell in 2006, says it will be a "brief return" he says he is looking forward to filming what are set to be classic eastenders episodes. he played Grant from 1990-1999 and then again in 2005 and 2006.
police officers have pursued civil claims against car owners after car thefts. no-claims bonus can be affected and insurance premiums can increase. police say they do not have records of such claims.
Roslyn condie, of Mossdale, admitted owning a dog dangerously out of control. her Staffordshire bull terrier, Nipper, bit the postman on the leg leaving a puncture wound. condie's sentence was deferred for six months.
Rotherham chairman Tony Stewart is the man that saved his club from administration. in 2008, he bought a club in administration, preparing for a season in the basement. he promised to fund construction of a new home for the club in the S60. the club secured promotion
a minute's silence was held and the names of all the victims read out. some 2,600 people attended the service in the courtyard of the historic les invalides complex. president Hollande said that France would "do all it can to destroy this army of fanatics"
the conservative MSP formally resigned from the seat as of 13:00 on Thursday. he is seeking to unseat the SNP's Calum Kerr in the constituency. the Lib dems have put forward catriona bhatia as their candidate for the
emergency services were quick to arrive at the scene of the crash. services between leuven and Brussels have been suspended. last June at least three people were killed and nine injured in a train crash in the town of Hermalle-sous-Huy.
the HTC vive is one of the latest VR headsets on the market. you can walk around your surroundings and fly up to the top of the Eiffel tower. but the VR experience might not be so good if you just wanted to explore your street.
golfer John lahiff disturbed crocodile while looking for a ball in water at the course. he was taken to hospital with a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calves. the 75-year-old said he would
Bloomington is a traditionally liberal city. its county gave Hillary Clinton 58.6% in the presidential election. the move sparked a backlash on social media, with opponents condemning it.
transaction volumes in the granite city fell from over £600m in 2014 to only £55m last year. investors spent nearly £1.8bn last year across all sectors in Scotland. report found low oil price "continued to take its toll" in the north east.
mr corbyn said the prime minister's position owed less to "great philosophers" than Baldrick, the hapless sidekick from the 1980s BBC TV show Blackadder. prime minister and pm argued over the government's yet-to-be-an
first film, starring Oscar-winning actor Eddie redmayne, is due out in cinemas on 18 November. JK rowling, who wrote the film script for fantastic beasts, will also write sequel.
Silk Road 2.0 was shut down in 2015, following raids that targeted almost 400 suspected illicit marketplaces around the world. at the time, it was generating sales of about $8m (£5.5m) a month and had about 150,000 users.
animal rescue officer Sian Robertson was alerted when a nurse became suspicious. she said: "when i arrived, i took one look at the little fluffy animal and knew she was a fox cub - and a very cute one at that!"
27-year-old wins unbeaten 22nd fight in front of home crowd in birmingham. Yafai knocks down 31-year old japanese in the second round. younger brother wins undercard fight against undefeated super-bantamweight Sean Davis
satirist and playwright dario fo died on thursday at the age of 91. he was a target himself of fo's sharp wit. his plays often starred his actress wife Franca Rame. fo won the Nobel Prize for Literature
Cornwall Live said its journalists were told they could not broadcast the pm's visit via facebook live. the publication, owned by Trinity mirror, took to social media to vent its frustrations. conservatives said the reporters' "last minute" request to film had "not been possible"
Sharon dodd-archibald, 46, and her sister, 51, were found dead on sunday. their deaths are not being treated as suspicious. police are awaiting the results of toxicology tests and post mortem examinations.
King owns 14.5% of shares in Rangers international football club plc. shareholders at the meeting called by King voted Derek Llambias and finance director Barry leach off the board. new board has already appointed shareholder Douglas park as a director.
Daniel mould, 25, remains in police custody charged with murder. michael young, 25, formerly of Rutherglen road, sunderland, has also been charged.
second series of "gimme a break" returns on tuesdays at 9pm. stars bertie carvel as gemma's estranged husband and their son, tom. admits it can be "uncomfortable" viewing at times.
teams from black and ethnic minority communities tell radio Wales' eye on Wales programme of the comments, abuse and hostility they encounter at some matches. there have been a number of racial incidents at football matches in Wales over the past year. a linesman at a Welsh league game between
Ashley Yates, 45, used a spy pen to record images of pupils and staff. he admitted charges of making indecent images of children and voyeurism. in a letter to parents the school said "additional adult victims have been identified"
US, taiwan accuse china of deploying missiles on disputed island in the south china sea. china dismisses the reports as "hype", but says it has the right to defend itself. the islands are claimed by china, Taiwan and Vietnam.
the annual pink dot picnic is held on the eve of ramadan. an Islamic teacher has started a campaign against homosexuality. the backlash has reignited the issue of gay rights in the largely conservative city-state.
a toxic mix of higher inflation, stagnant wage growth and falling consumer confidence means that 2017 and 2018 could see that economy in dark and chilly waters. inflation's rise to its highest level for two years can be directly linked to the value of sterling, which has fallen by 16% this year.
flowers planted in gardens and allotments provide a valuable food source for bees. scientists counted 7,412 insects visiting flowers in and around some of the UK's largest towns and cities. richness of species was higher in urban areas than on farmland.
the girl, called Nieve, needed eyelid surgery and suffered "potentially irreparable damage" to a tear duct. the dog, believed to be a Staffordshire bull terrier, was on a lead at the time of the incident. a second man, also
overcrowded boats towed by local fishermen to the shores of Aceh province. aid agencies believe the rescued group had been at sea for about a week. 25,000 Rohingya and Bangladeshis have boarded smugglers' boats this year.
WCRC and a driver are facing criminal proceedings after allegedly breaching health and safety laws. last march a locomotive stopped across a busy main line railway junction near royal wootton bassett. ORR said a number of incidents leading to safety concerns had occurred since the
"big budget" delivered by a politician with "big ambitions" slowing and softening spending and welfare cuts. cuts to tax credits for families will dwarf the pay rise many will get. tax rises on buying insurance, on buying a car, on pensions dwarf the headline tax cuts
the survey of more than 80,000 car buyers found that Kia had the fewest problems in the first 90 days. it is the first time that a non-premium brand has come first in the annual study by consultancy J.D. power.
more than 600 child migrants arrived in the UK without their parents last month alone. thousands of child migrants are living in a camp called the Jungle in Calais, france.
the cause of the election was Sinn Féin and republicanism wanting to rerun the election. "people have rejected the middle ground, the non sectarian power-sharing approach" "we have a shared responsibility to ensure a strong and stable administration is established"
police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across canada motivated by hate. nearly half of all incidents were linked to race or ethnicity. just over a third of reported hate crimes were motivated by hatred of a religion.
frenchman was part of the Ferrari young driver programme. crashed during a difficult wet race at the suzuka track on 17 july. was placed in intensive care but died three quarters of a year later.
five of these candidates are opposed to a third runway at heathrow. find out more about all the candidates in the london elections.
he would prefer that the UK abolishes air passenger duty (APD) but, in its absence, he said carriers within his IAG would "certainly look at what is on offer" from stormont. he also expressed potential interest in Bombardier's new C-Series
police received reports that a grey Toyota Rav4 had left the road and collided with a sign just after 14:00. the northbound lanes of the A90 were closed while an air ambulance attended. a woman who was a passenger in the car was not injured.
DNA sections in cancer cells give an "accurate indicator" of disease progression. researchers say the study could help doctors in choosing the most effective treatment. results from two studies have been published in the British journal of haematology.
a 34-year-old woman became the second person in three weeks to die at the busy bow roundabout junction. the driver of a lorry involved in the crash was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. he was released on bail to return to an east London police
female players had been considering striking to address wage discrimination. the players' union had not called a strike over the issue, but had been weighing the possibility. a judge ruled the players are not eligible to strike because of a provision in an earlier contract.
eight-year-old female had been in Belgium awaiting transportation after being seized in germany on welfare grounds. spokeswoman for the zoo said she would have a "lifelong home" there. the animal was seized two years ago and held in isolation at an animal welfare
Gerry was honoured at a ceremony in Dublin on friday night. his career with the BBC spanned almost 30 years. he stopped broadcasting in 2012 due to illness.
the head of Xbox said the console "must deliver true 4k gaming and high-fidelity VR [virtual reality]" but virtual reality didn't get a single mention at the company's bonanza press event on Sunday. contrast that with Sony, whose PlayStation VR has sold more
Facebook given 72 hours to take down page focusing on paedophiles in northern ireland. judge ruled that the contents of the original version amounted to prima facie harassment. he also said that the ruling does not suppress information about the man or his criminal record that
the academy is inviting 774 new members from 57 countries to join. actress says she was "profoundly hurt" when no black stars were nominated. only four black actresses have been up for the best actress award in 15 years.
he decided to head to calais on a fact-finding mission. newsnight's james Clayton and jack garland followed him around.
education minister John O'dowd wants the panel to complete the investigation by summer. about a third of the school's 70-strong teaching staff were absent for a period prior to Easter. a group representing some parents also held a number of protests to express their concern.
she said this year's series had been her "best Strictly experience ever" she also won in 2011 with McFly's Harry Judd. she had to pull out of the 2013 series after fracturing her ankle.
uk foreign secretary has arrived in irbil to meet Kurdish regional government officials. he has warned that the country is facing an "existential threat" the government has bought second-hand jet fighters from Russia and Belarus.
the 28-year-old's representatives are set for talks with the english side. reports suggest there are no direct offers for the argentine. gareth bale's £85m move from Tottenham to real madrid is the most expensive transfer in football history.
the law, which is set to become a world first, aims to close the wage gap between men and women. companies face auditing and possible fines if they do not comply. if it passes, it will take effect from January 2018.
security forces are still searching for the missing students, who were abducted by Boko Haram Islamist militants on 14 April. parents and some girls who escaped say more than 200 students were seized from their school in Chibok in north-eastern Borno state by gunmen overnight.
the current speed record is 42 mph, so matt reckons his trolley could have set a new world record. he'll contact Guinness World records to see if it can be officially recognised. but he wants to improve his trolley to try and reach a speed of 60
department for the economy plans to publish another list of RHI recipients next week. applicant claims it posed a risk of reputational damage to him and losses to his business. department says risk is "tenuous in the extreme" and it is within its rights to proceed.
roaming charges in the EU will be abolished completely from June next year. the government said that those making calls, downloading data or texting would save millions of pounds in charges following the latest changes. biggest reductions will be for people downloading data - such as emails, pictures or social media
the woman, aged in her 20s, was attacked after leaving the event's chinawhite enclosure. she walked with men she met there and was raped outside a car, which the men then drove off in. a passerby found the victim near the three horseshoes
the 19-year-old is the son of former bolton midfielder jaaskelainen. he was released by the club at the end of last season without having made a competitive appearance.
"i feel vindicated that the court has convicted the police and the doctors too," says bilkis bano. the 15-year battle for justice has been long and nightmarish but, she says, giving up was never an option. attack on Bilkis Bano and her
Liverpool drew 2-2 at the Stadium of light, less than 44 hours after beating manchester city. the draw leaves the reds five points behind leaders Chelsea, who visit Tottenham on Wednesday. jose mourinho's side covered a total of 118.63km as
survey shows many myths about HIV endure in the uk. he said he was not surprised considering the DUP's Trevor Clarke did not know until recently that heterosexual people could contract HIV.
software "issue" meant polling cards and postal votes were sent to "non eligible" voters. Electoral commission confirmed the numbers affected so far, and said software provider had since "resolved the issue" leave campaigners have expressed "serious concerns" about the "conduct of
australian centre-back Wright's contract at the club expires in 2017. the 24-year-old has made 20 appearances in all competitions so far this season. Grayson says he thinks Wright owes the club a lot.
images appear to show two batteries of eight missile launchers and a radar system on woody or yongxing island in the paracels. the presence of missiles would significantly increase tensions in the acrimonious south china sea dispute. china's foreign minister Wang Yi said
"the times in which we could completely depend on others are on the way out," says Merkel. comments come after president obama refused to re-commit to the 2015 climate deal. polls suggest Mrs Merkel is on course for a fourth term as german chancellor.
menstrual leave should be offered to all women, says author. but unpaid leave will increase the wage gap, she says. 'we are just gonna have to "man up" if we expect equality,' says one reader.
only businesses with a wage bill of more than £3m will pay the levy. the chancellor said it was a huge reform to raise the skills of the nation. business groups have described it as a new "payroll tax"
MPs sir Kevin barron and John healey awarded £40,000 each in libel damages. lawyers for the MPs said the allegation was "extremely grave" lawyers said the allegations had caused "real anger and distress"
at least 24 people have been killed in violence since the 8 august election. opposition leader odinga said the poll was rigged to give president uhuru Kenyatta victory. kenyans on twitter have been using the hashtag #TurudiKaziniC
gorse fire engulfs large area of dry heath-land on woodbury common. four treated for smoke inhalation and one taken to hospital with burns. 20 fire engine crews sent to tackle the flames that were fanned by high winds.
wheelchairs are our mobility lifelines, and damage can really ruin a holiday. easyjet says it is "very rare" for its ground handling companies to damage wheelchairs. passengers with reduced mobility have experienced similar problems on flights this year.
reports say the blast may have been caused by a letter bomb. mr papademos and his driver have suffered leg injuries but their lives are not believed to be in danger. no group has said it was behind the blast.
two cars were damaged in the incident in the nursery drive and parkhead area of newry on friday night. assistant chief constable said he was a "appalled by mindless attacks on PSNI officers and the newry community" a post on the PSNI Newry & M
7-4 favourite seventh heaven outbattled architecture to win the oaks trial. the galileo filly, trained by aidan o'brien, proved a neck too good for her rival.
two city marshals in Louisiana have been charged with second-degree murder. they opened fire on a car in which the family was riding during a traffic stop. mourners met for Jeremy mardis' funeral in neighbouring Hattiesburg, Mississippi.
slugs spend much of their time out of sight in the top 10cm (4in) of the ground. improved tracking technology will allow scientists to accurately follow their movements for the first time. aim of the research is to answer an interesting problem facing farmers.
Simone sorensen scored the crucial spot-kick after Austria missed their first three penalties. the Danes will face the hosts in the final after their 3-0 win over England in the second semi-final.
the bones of a 15 or 16-year-old girl have been found in a cenote in the yucatan peninsula. her DNA backs the idea that the first Americans and modern Native americans share a common ancestry. the girl's features are similar to
president has broad powers to declassify whatever he deems necessary, says julian zelizer. a wave of the hand on twitter isn't going to make this story go away, he says. the process for impeachment for "high crimes and misdem
Swansea drop back into the bottom three after losing to Tottenham hotspur on Wednesday. the defeat was the third in the last four games for the south wales club. they are now two points adrift of safety and five points behind leaders west ham.
a former senior employee of the OPCW has given his assessment of the testing process. he says samples from Syria have arrived at a central laboratory for analysis. the results will form part of a report due to be published by the UN on the alleged attack.
nearly two million people in the uk have a sight problem which seriously affects their daily lives. researchers at Oxford university have developed a way to enhance this. smart glasses are fitted with a specially adapted 3D camera. images are processed by computer and projected in real-time on to
Jason Rezaian, a dual us-iranian citizen, has been accused of passing information to "hostile governments" he defended himself in court, saying he had carried out his activities as a journalist. he could face up to 20 years in prison if
the birds set up nests by burrowing tunnels in low gelt quarry, near brampton. an RSPB viewpoint on the perimeter of the quarry has attracted more than 1,000 people in two weeks. a foreman noticed the colourful birds flying among the site's colony
seagrass was deemed to be heading for extinction in this region before the otters returned. the urbanisation of california has led to a huge increase in nutrient pollution. this is said to be the reason for the dieback of seagrass.
noel conway, 67, has motor neurone disease and fears becoming entombed in his body. he wants a doctor to be allowed to prescribe a lethal dose when his health deteriorates further. any doctor who helped him to die would face up
police valued the drugs at almost £130,000 but the defence said it was half that amount. the judge sentenced callaghan to two years and eight months, half of which will be spent on licence. he said he got involved in what he called "this crazy scheme" because
"significant quantities" of human remains found at a mother-and-baby home in Tuam. the discovery "confirmed what we had all feared", says the minister. she pays tribute to a "tireless" county galway historian.
Raith Rovers won the 1994 scottish championship on penalties against celtic. the underdogs had never won a major knockout competition. they had been assembled with £215,000 in transfer fees. twenty years on, it seems no less momentous.
education minister leighton Andrews said he wanted to look into how schools can increase levels of physical activity in children and young people. a group chaired by paralympic multi-gold medallist baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson says it would be the first country in
11-month-old has rare genetic condition called encephalomyopathic mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome. he cannot open his eyes or move his arms or legs, and is unable to breathe unaided. his parents want him to have an experimental treatment called nucleoside therapy
report: fewer opportunities for children to spend time outdoors. loss of exposure to natural environment would have negative long-term consequences. report calls for outdoor learning to be adopted by national curricula.
seam bowler chappple has played for the red rose county for more than two decades. he will be assisted by ex-lancashire spinner Gary Yates on the coaching staff. Moores left his position as head coach following the division one fixture with warwickshire.
hales obliged, asking fuller for his bank details. the fan posted a picture showing a transfer of £4.10. hales hit an unbeaten 50 on day three - his fifth in tests.
the 18-year-old fell into the river after a night out in bath last September. safety railings have been placed along the stretch of river where six people have drowned since 2009. the monument will be placed at the spot where Mr amin died.
england beat Slovenia 1-0 in their final euro 2016 qualifier in ljubljana on sunday. it was the perfect antidote to those who believe they are entirely functional under hodgson. but it was also the wrong sort of excitement, especially in
father quoted as saying: "we want the world to know her real name" india media later said the father denied giving consent for her name to be revealed. law protects sex crime victims by prohibiting identification.
drug laws are being relaxed across the world, from Uruguay to Portugal, Jamaica and the Czech republic. the inquiry hears from four expert witnesses, including a former Colombian president and a drugs prosecutor turned defence lawyer.
flooded river over-topped the reserve at snape, filling the freshwater marshes with saltwater. RSPB said it hoped to open the reserves in the spring. the 125-acre marsh at Snape is an extension to the existing 70-acre reserve.
four buzzard nests and one goshawk nest were found abandoned in moy forest. police said some of the sites appeared to have been deliberately disturbed. forestry enterprise Scotland is managing the nests.
Ciarán maxwell, 30, has been charged with one offence of terrorism, one of fraud and one of possessing cannabis. he was arrested in Somerset last week after searches in larne and Devon. his arrest was understood to be connected to two arms dumps found in county Ant
brains believes there is potential in the coffee market and plans a chain of about 50 outlets over the next three years in south Wales and the south west of England. the family-run brewery employs about 2,000 people. in autumn 2011, Brains bought the chain Coffee #1, which comprised 15 high street shops
city will pay an initial £28.5m for the argentine international. the 27-year-old was named in la liga's 2014-15 team of the season. he played in the Copa America final.
Jason James, 41, previously admitted manslaughter at winchester crown court. he struck Dave "chewie" coxon once as they headed home after a night of heavy drinking. the pair, who were both members of the Cyder Commando Scooter Club, stopped
politicians dominate the front pages of the newspapers in northern ireland. the clock which was supposed to stop yesterday at 16:00 keeps on ticking. former ass chief const says there would be public fury if MLAs could collect pay cheques.
the price of Brent crude oil fell below $39 a barrel at one point, its lowest since december 2008. the IEA said demand in the current quarter was growing by 1.3 million barrels a day. but the agency predicts that will slip back to 1.2 million next year
Coleman says the 2018 world cup will be his last as manager of wales. the 46-year-old has signed a two-year contract extension with the scottish side. football association of Wales chief executive says it would be hard to keep Coleman.
the global agewatch index measures the social and economic welfare of those over 60 in 96 countries. Norway comes on top and the worst country is Afghanistan, followed by mozambique.
the 18-year-old helped the Brewers win promotion from league one last season on loan. "the bones are there. we hope it will be done by Saturday," says boss Nigel Clough.
the film will see Jordan reunite with his Creed director Ryan coogler. he added he could not wait to work with Nyong'o and Chadwick boseman. black Panther will be released in February 2018.
man was crossing bridge when he was hit by a blue Vauxhall corsa. the man was taken to crosshouse hospital, where his condition was described as serious but stable. police say the car drove off towards Irvine and have appealed for witnesses.
cannabis was discovered in a van in camlough, south armagh. 167kg drugs shipment was tracked through spain, england and ireland. three of the accused are from Birmingham and the fourth from county wexford.
Imrich Joni, 20, stabbed and strangled 68-year-old Gordon Bolam last summer. he was found guilty of murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice in April. court heard he had expressed "genuine remorse" for his actions
reservists L/cpl Edward Maher, Craig Roberts and james dunsby died during march. soldier 1B told inquest it was not in his thought process to stop the test. he said he was not concerned because the course was "tough
the return of u.s. detainee aamer to the uk was greeted with a collective sigh of relief. the 5,017 days of detention were a point of tension in the critical transatlantic relationship. critics argue that in the wake of
scottish champions go out 4-3 on aggregate after a 2-0 defeat in malmo. deila was new to the Celtic job after being knocked out in play-off round last season. Celtic will now compete in the Europa League and find out their opponents on friday
the FTSE 250 index gained ground during the afternoon after spending the morning in the doldrums. the pound dipped 0.13% against the us dollar and was 0.4% lower against the euro at 1.1707 euros.
Bono: "we've lost a family member" sheehan had been on the road with U2 for more than 30 years. he had worked with other rock legends including Iggy pop, patti Smith and lou Reed.
Stephen Mallan converted a penalty to give the Buddies the lead. Darren Cole had fouled Calum gallagher. Liam Buchanan quickly levelled for the hosts.
ex-derry city winger says his wife, Laura, was diagnosed with a brain tumour. she had a seizure on the way home from a holiday when she was diagnosed. doctors told the couple they needed to have the tumour removed as soon as possible. the operation
the latest markit/cips services Purchasing managers' index (PMI) fell to 52.7 last month. any figure above 50 means expansion, but the rise in service sector activity was the weakest since march 2013. the service sector accounts for more than three-quarters of the uk economy
the two are charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank fraud. that brings the total number of indicted Rabobank employees to six. an earlier indictment had previously named traders Tetsuya Motomura and Paul Thompson.
Fran Kirby scores the only goal of the game for newly crowned women's super league champions. keeper Lee Alexander also saves well from millie bright and ana borges for the visitors.
Fufa admits it owes the coach and says paying him is a priority. sredojevic led the Cranes to their first africa cup of nations finals since 1978. the coach has complained on social media about not being paid.
Yvette cooper, Jeremy corbyn, and nick clegg are vying to succeed ed miliband as leader. ms Kendall says she is the only candidate who isn't "continuity Miliband" the four candidates will take part in a
the move risks angering china, which sees Taiwan as a breakaway province. it is highly unusual for a US president or president-elect to speak to a Taiwanese leader directly. the split between china and Taiwan goes back to 1949, when the ROC government fled the
house masters at harvard will become "faculty deans" at the university. academics say the word "master" derives from the Latin term "magister" protesters have argued that whatever its original derivation, the word has connotations of slavery.
world champions germany moved above Chile with a 3-1 win over cameroon. RB Leipzig forward Timo werner scored twice, with hoffenheim midfielder Kerem demirbay also on target for the experimental german squad competing in Russia.
mayor Joao Doria said he did not want to see an "open-air shopping mall for drugs" at the end of may, 500 armed police officers were deployed to clear the main streets in the area known as "Crackland" many of the addicts fled into neighbouring streets
deputy first minister will visit flanders and the somme in the "spirit of reconciliation" he will also visit the Somme, where soldiers of the 36th (ulster) and 16th (irish) divisions fought together. "tens of thousands Irish
Guardiola says this season has been a massive lesson for him. city are fourth in the premier league after a 2-1 defeat at home to Chelsea. the catalan has never gone a single season without winning a trophy.
many clouds collapsed after narrowly beating thistlecrack to win the cotswold chase. the 10-year-old horse was treated by veterinary staff before being pronounced dead. many clouds had previously shown symptoms of post-race ataxia in the past.
january is a time when clubs look to strengthen their squads. some are flops soon to be forgotten, while others go on to become club legends. take a look at our shortlist below and decide for yourself.
81,700 full-time servicemen and women in the army, down from 102,260 in 2010. more reservists are being recruited but that process has been slow. former commander Richard Kemp said it showed the plan was "incoherent"
United have lost their past three matches for the first time since 2002. former chelsea boss believes his team have fallen victim to unfair refereeing decisions. the defeat leaves united seventh in the table with nine points from five games.
Russian football union acting president Nikita Simonyan told the R-Sport agency capello's role was in question. capello took over as Russia boss in July 2012 and signed a four-year contract extension in January 2014.
"it's a desperate situation," says presenter of tv documentaries on wildlife. turtle doves are vulnerable, with their numbers down by 95% in the uk. a wildlife official insisted that patrols to stop illegal hunting had been stepped up.
off-duty inspector found the girl in Grange Lane, near Pedmore technology college, stourbridge. police are seeking a light grey or blue vehicle in connection with the crash. the girl suffered a fractured skull and internal injuries in the crash, thought to have happened just before
the music group said a consultation on redundancies at its Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in coatbridge began on Tuesday. production of audio equipment at the plant is understood to be moving to china. tannoy is one of the oldest audio brands in the world, having been
West brom beat relegation-threatened Stoke 2-1 at the hawthorns on saturday. baggies took the lead through Stephane Sessegnon's first league strike in over a year. visitors' geoff Cameron was sent off in
the county council plans to prohibit buses, taxis and private hire vehicles from using queen street. the authority said it was "vital" for more pedestrians and cyclists to use the route. a consultation on the proposals runs until 6 June.
a formal complaint has been made to the european commission by a group of italian consumers' organisations. they accuse McDonald's of forcing franchisees to pay excessive rents and high fees. the company said it shared risks and rewards with its licencees.
the 57-year-old has spent the last 18 years working for the club's academy. had three spells as a villa player and joined the backroom staff in 1998. made 528 appearances in a Villa shirt and scored 59 goals, 42 of them in the league
the prime minister launched a 12-point plan of tough measures to deal with the threat of terrorism. theresa may is dealing with her terrorism while the election campaign is still going on, says david cameron. he says there are several lessons she could take from the experience of her
Swansea's survival marks a remarkable turnaround in fortunes under Paul Clement. the Welsh side extended their unbeaten run to four games with a win at Sunderland. a 2-0 win at the relegated sunderland opened a four-point gap on
the bulls had hoped to have a deal for the club agreed by Friday. the club are in administration for the third time in four years. joint administrator Gary pettit asks fans to "remain patient"
remains of 43-year-old woman found near entrance to gosford house in longniddry. police say there is no reason to speak to her son at this stage. murder charge against her son Sean Flynn was found not proven in 2005.
home favourite Thomas Aiken bagged the round of the day, a nine-under-par 62. the 62 took him to eight under overall. england's james morrison is a shot off the lead on nine under.
the collapse of the TPP kills a deal that was a decade in the making. it will now create a void in Asia, says edward mccain. he says the world can ill-afford watching the largest economies turn inward.
Lara Clarke, from Walsall, won the award at the Cake International contest. her 5ft 10in (1.7m) creation was inspired by the Hunger games star. she previously triumphed at the contest with a life-sized Johnny depp cake.
human rights charity says the deal fails to hide the EU's "dogged determination" to turn its back on a global refugee crisis. under the plan, migrants arriving in Greece will be sent back to turkey if they do not apply for asylum or their claim is rejected. many migrants, including
the department of justice confirmed the payments after a freedom of information request. the school was caught up in a violent dispute outside Holy Cross primary school in 2001. about 100 pupils needed counselling due to their daily ordeal, according to principal.
reprinting the anti-Semitic book was banned after WW2 by bavaria's regional government. the copyright has now expired and Munich's institute of contemporary history is to publish a new edition. its annotated version will aim to show that Mein Kampf is in
noss primary in Wick is closed until 30 may following a "significant failure" the new school only opened to pupils last month. it was built as a replacement for Wick's north and hillhead primary schools.
Roedd Mr Jones yn ymgyrchu i Brydain adael yr UE. y farwnes anelay sydd wedi cymryd ei le fel G
city thought £40m deal for argentine striker Carlos Tevez had been agreed. but Corinthians say there is not enough time to sign the 27-year-old. the Brazilian transfer window closes at 0400 BST on Thursday.
cantat's comeback overshadowed by fresh allegations over suicide of wife. Kristina Rady hanged herself in 2010 - two-and-a-half years after singer's release from jail. in recording, Rady said she was suffering psychological and physical abuse
Geraint Thomas a phencampwr y llynedd, Chris Froome, ddamwain ar hyd y daith, ond llwyddodd Thomas i gyrraed
post mortem results indicate he may have died in suspicious circumstances. police believe Mr Corrigan may have been assaulted in the hours prior to his death. "i would urge the local community to help us ascertain what happened to Sean"
the attack on pearl harbour killed 2,300 US servicemen and propelled the us into world war two. after landing, the Japanese prime minister first headed to national memorial cemetery of the Pacific. he stood for a moment of silence at the cemetery near downtown Honolulu.
Gianni Moscon faces disciplinary action from team sky after it emerged he used racially abusive language towards FDJ's Kevin Reza. italian Moscon apologised and rode in Sunday's final stage. team sky chose not to withdraw Moscon from the race following
many websites illegally sell drugs like Ritalin and Modafinil without a valid prescription. drugs can cause dependency, heart problems and psychosis. MHRA has closed nearly 5,000 websites selling fake or unlicensed medicines.
fighting between Muslims and Christians in CAR has driven nearly a million people from their homes. about 4,000 african troops and 1,600 french troops are trying to prevent more bloodshed. cost of an EU force of up to 1,000 troops is not yet clear.
Clarkson could make his debut in the championship against alloa on saturday. the 30-year-old joined premiership well for a second spell in July. he scored nine goals at Dundee last season and has featured mainly as a substitute.
Antoine Griezmann put atletico ahead in the 24th minute. denis Cheryshev equalised for Valencia before Fernando Torres scored. anderlan santos sent off for Valencia on 80 minutes.
players and coaches left their base at the Vale Resort, Vale of Glamorgan, on saturday and headed to Cardiff Airport. the team then took off for a friendly in Sweden on sunday. they will then head to france ahead of the team's first game of the
it will be available to 1.7bn people on the platform worldwide via rooney's and the manchester united facebook pages. proceeds will be distributed to the four charities chosen by Rooney.
the new constitution has some takers among the press as well, who hailed the referendum's results. a section of the press showed no interest in the referendum, commenting on the country's worsening economy instead.
a chinese-made aircraft went down in the andaman sea with no survivors. investigators found the pilot had lost control after entering thick storm cloud. the disaster is among the worst in the country's aviation history.
Peter Gillespie, 64, was part of a £4.7m plot to bring counterfeit drugs to the uk. he was convicted of conspiring to defraud pharmaceutical wholesalers and pharmacists. the counterfeit medicines contained only a fraction of the correct dosage.
three cats who have made the grounds of stormont their home are the latest victims of the collapse of the political institutions. a security review means a pensioner has been banned from feeding the cats, says the Belfast Telegraph. the Irish news leads with the news of a spike in calls to a
thousands of people gather in Edinburgh, in Scotland, every year for a big parade, food and fireworks. 'Hogmanay' is a Scottish word that means 'new year' celebrations last for three days, beginning at the end of December and ending on January 2nd.
pedestrian was struck by a car in dartford at 18:07 GMT. man, 22, and woman, 20, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. police appeal for witnesses to the collision.
bears batted it around until their sharp claws eventually popped it. xaviera Simons was visiting the safari park when she filmed the moment.
Mons Graupius in AD 83 or 84 saw the 9th Hispana, its cohorts and Roman cavalry defeat 30,000 Caledonians. locations suggested in the past include dunning in Perthshire, carpow in Fife, Bennachie in Aberdeen
Brendan Rogers needed 14 stitches in his lip after a challenge by Tiernan McCann. the challenge occurred at the start of derry's opening league game against Fermanagh. manager Brendan barton said he was "quite shocked" by the incident.
about 50 environment agency flood warnings - meaning "immediate action required" - are currently in place. more than 160 lower-level flood alerts have been issued across much of england and parts of wales. flooding continues to cause severe disruption on some roads.
the video features rap star snoop dogg and canadian group badbadnotgood. it shows the rapper pretending to shoot a clown dressed as the us president. the video is a remix of lavender by Canadian group BadBadNotGood.
the Peterhead wind farm, known as Hywind, is a trial which will bring power to 20,000 homes. output from the turbines is expected to equal or surpass generation from current ones. the price of energy from bottom-standing offshore wind farms has plummeted 32% since 2012.
american carded a first round two-under-par 70, leaving him four shots behind leader. the 32-year-old withdrew on the first tee of the masters first round. he fell on stairs in his rental home and hurt his lower back.
the death of the print edition was caused by falling advertising revenues. editor Tina brown described it as "a new chapter" for the magazine. the move to a digital edition will allow Newsweek to cut costs.
the rouble fell to a rate of 57 to the dollar on Monday, a fall of more than 6%. Russia's economy, heavily reliant on energy exports, has been hit by the oil price slump. president Putin signed a law on Monday doubling the deposit
theresa may unveils plans to increase minimum term for killing police officer. home secretary says killing a police officer was "a particularly appalling crime" police federation urges her not to base legislation changes on behaviour of a "handful" of officers.
between a fifth and a third of voters in its heartland areas are undecided. every vote in a referendum counts as the entire UK. leave campaigners say their blanket leafleting approach will be replaced by targeted canvassing in the final days.
Steven McIvor, 32, was one of two thieves who targeted the letterbox bistro in balerno. his co-accused Eddie Moffat, 27, was acquitted of the robbery charge on a not proven verdict. owner of the post office/b
a 56-year-old man had to be placed in a medically-induced coma after he was attacked. Gregor Thomson, 26, was arrested on tuesday and charged with attempted murder. police said he suffered "severe, but fortunately no
the 22-year-old is on a season-long loan at Turkish side Kasimpasa from Chelsea. Omeruo was first called up by Nigeria in January 2013. the centre-back played at the 2014 world cup and africa cup of nations.
HMS Illustrious and amphibious assault ship HMS ocean to be scrapped.
the think tank's growth forecast for 2016 has been cut from 2.3% to 1.9%. its forecast for GDP growth for 2018 has been slashed from 2.4% to 1.4%. the drop in the value of the pound could bolster exports by 3.4% next year.
Mason, 19, a junior player with real madrid, is yet to make a first-team appearance for villa. Houghton, 20, an academy player at Chelsea, had loan spells with Gillingham and Plymouth last term.
mr corbyn tells the CBI he will not "stand back when there is injustice in the workplace" he warns of "real problems" in today's jobs market, citing low wages and gender pay gap. he urges Chancellor to "change course and take
garda whistle-blower made a series of complaints about conduct of investigations. former commissioner and former justice minister resigned in 2014. report identified serious flaws in criminal investigations but found no evidence of criminality or corruption.
home office said it did not want to detain people for longer than necessary. despite a push by the home office last year to reduce the number of people being detained. inspectors could not identify why periods of detention had lengthened.
Wales coach chris gatland says his side are in "pretty good shape" the new Zealander guided Wales to a second Grand Slam in 2012. Wales qualified alongside australia from their world cup pool despite a host of injuries.
eight-time european number one cards five-under-par 66 at royal troon. at least 150 punters set out to follow the big man round. former ryder cup captain is joined in game 10 by Sam Robinson and john Henry. rory mcilroy
blues beat posh 4-1 in the third round of the fa cup to reach the fourth round. referee Kevin Friend sent off defender lee angol after a sliding challenge. the 36-year-old defender faces a one-game ban as it was
the southbound carriageway was closed after the crash and reopened at about 10:00. the man, believed to be in his 20s, was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition. he suffered multiple serious injuries and was suffering from a reduced level of consciousness.
Reds used 42 different players as they avoided relegation to league one on goal difference. manager warburton wants a squad of 21-22 players next season. forest beat Ipswich 3-0 on Sunday to ensure their Championship survival.
the game has not been officially released in the UK. keen gamers have found ways around the app's country restrictions.
reg stocking was left lying in a pool of blood in west bromwich. a jury at wolverhampton crown court found him guilty of grievous bodily harm and robbery. the 34-year-old was also found guilty of a burglary using his
in 2014, 34,670 students travelled from outside the european union to study in Scotland. the net benefit is about £257m each year and takes into account the impact on public services such as the NHS. but PwC says the overall experience of foreign students is compromised by the UK's
Harps held on to earn their first win over derry since 1998. former Derry player Ryan curran doubled the lead on 75 minutes. debutant Jordan allan missed a great derry chance in the first half.
49 out of 152 councils will have more pupils than secondary places by 2019-20. local government association analysis suggests 80,716 new secondary places will be required then. the department for education says it has provided local authorities with the funding they need.
Eastern bay link road was part of a deal in 2014 between labour and the lib dems. it will connect the queensgate roundabout with the ocean way roundabout. first minister carwyn Jones will officially open it on Thursday morning.
ordinary Egyptians appear to be losing their fear of direct confrontation with the security forces. there have been bloody and drawn out clashes all over Cairo and in some of Egypt's main cities. protesters have a long list of grievances and the demands are an explicit challenge to their ruler
actress said she and her mother were told they could have a free ride. conductor was unswayed when she presented plaque and ordered the pair off. Nottingham express transit said it was an "unfortunate misunderstanding"
Alex Gray, 30, from Perth, is awaiting sentence for burglary and harassment. he started pursuing the star by sending abusive rants and accusations in letters. the singer said she was not angry with Gray and claimed "the system has failed him" his mother Michelle said she had tried to get
PCC says emergency services will have increased duty to collaborate under new bill. west Sussex county council says it already has an excellent model. east Sussex's fire authority says collaboration could be achieved without elaborate change.
castle maclellan foods will receive support for its Kirkcudbright base from parent company Kavli. funds will be used to expand and streamline production areas within the factory which employs about 80 staff. improvements will also be made to the storage facilities, amenities and services at the factory
29-year-old man attacked at the Gorbals venue's island bar at about 01:30. attacker was white, in his late teens to early 20s, between 5ft 7in and 6ft tall. he was wearing a white polo shirt and light-
the Serbian FA has been charged with alleged racist chanting by fans and both associations over the behaviour of players at the end of the match. violent scenes erupted shortly after Connor Wickham scored in the 90th minute to give England a 1-0 win over Serbia. a
the Management Group are countersuing depp after he sued them for $25m (£20m) they say he is "fully responsible for any financial turmoil" he faces. last month, depp claimed the company owed him more than $25m.
the 62-year-old scored almost 15,000 runs for Derbyshire between 1977 and 1988. he will rejoin the team in June, a month before the T20 Blast begins. director of cricket Kim barnett said: "we could not have anybody with higher pedigree than John
Dr Barry Morgan is set to retire on 31 January - his 70th birthday. he has been at the head of the church in Wales for nearly 14 years. during that time he supported numerous causes, including gay marriage and organ donation.
a new cabinet committee chaired by commons leader will now meet for the first time on Wednesday. the comments come as Wales' first minister called for a convention on future of the UK. Mr Crabb has written to the leaders of other Welsh parties at Westminster inviting them to a "sum
the 20-year-old has come through the academy at the premier league club. the winger has played for the under-23 side in the EFL Trophy. he says he will repay manager Keith hill's trust in him.
TNS beat livingston 2-0 in their scottish premier league clash. first half goals from parry, Saunders and quigley secure victory. runaway champions now join Dundee, queen of the south and st mirren in draw.
the proposed increase would add nearly £200 to a band d bill, bringing it to about £1,500. any authority wanting to increase council tax by more than 2% must put plans to vote. last year the average Band D council tax set by local authorities in England was £1,530
the government shut 13 Somalia-linked firms in April. it said it wanted to prevent militant Islamists from using them to finance attacks. Somalis around the world rely heavily on the firms to do business.
dagenham & redbridge relegated from the national league. armand gnanduillet scores winner for Orient. Orient reached the football league for the first time in their history in 2007.
in italy, the unemployment rate rose to 9.2% in January, the highest since monthly records began. there are now 16.9 million people out of work in the bloc, Eurostat said. data comes a day after the ECB said it had provided a further 530bn euros
the sub was 20km (12 miles) from the admiral Kuznetsov at the time of the incident. the sub's manoeuvres were "clumsy and dangerous," says a marine expert. there was no confirmation of the Russian military's claim of an incident
Aberdeen boss says he will not speak about "speculation" linking him with Rangers job. chairman Dave king willing to consider appointing interim manager this summer. former Rangers manager mark warburton resigned from his post on friday. under-20 coach Graeme
Bradford was praised for holding several curry-themed events, including a poppadom-eating challenge. Glasgow finished second and Brighton came in third in the competition, which marks the end of national curry week.
Drag me down is one direction's first single as a foursome since Zayn malik left. it has had more than 17.7 million streams to date globally. the band shot the video at NASA's headquarters in Houston yesterday.
the Syrian army backed by Russian air power has made a series of gains in aleppo province. the advance threatens to encircle the city of Aleppo, Syria's largest. turkey and Russia have been embroiled in a row since turkey shot down a Russian
the helicopter was flying to a prosecutors' meeting when it went down. president Felipe Calderon said weather conditions were probably to blame. interior secretary, his assistants and the helicopter crew were found dead.
the presidential contest is seen as a two-horse race between prime minister Raila Odinga and Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta. the queues in some places stretched for more than a kilometre, as voters in Kibera stood patiently in line
Linfield will host la fiorita in Belfast on 28 June, with the return leg on 4 July. the new date has been agreed by the clubs and approved by the police service of northern ireland. if the Blues progress they will play the 1967 european cup winners for the first time
airports typically close for up to 14 days to carry out such work. airport bosses said completing the refurbishment over several weekends was "best way to avoid major disruption" the runway was last refurbished in 1999 and has a lifespan between 12 to 17 years.
man, 31, approached police community support officers guarding a cordon in Plymouth. police said it was believed he was assaulted in nearby exmouth road. two men, aged 58 and 46, arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm.
former midwife Carmen Beckford died at a care home in Bristol earlier this week. she was the first black recipient of an MBE in the south west. councillor: "she was a beautiful woman and had a heart of gold"
the 32-year-old has agreed a two-year contract with championship side Derby county. Davies made 29 appearances for relegated Hull city last season. he has previously played for luton, west brom, aston villa and Birmingham city.
the new breed of celebrity book clubs has, from the off, been virtual - online and on apps. main players are almost exclusively female, including Emma Watson, reese witherspoon, Florence welch, Zoella and sarah jessica parker.
ex-rugby star accused of subjecting wife to harassment over two dates last year. court told he sent 41-year-old Mrs Wallace a number of text messages. judge rejects prosecution application to impose a restraining order.
26-year-old will join from french top 14 side Montpellier. previously played super rugby in his homeland for brumbies. back row freeman promoted to skipper at Jersey.
since independence in 1962 it has been plagued by tension between the usually-dominant Tutsi minority and the Hutu majority. ethnic violence sparked off in 1994 made Burundi the scene of one of africa's most intractable conflicts. in 2015 burundi was
mark Drakeford has already apologised for the scandal on the ward at Glan Clwyd hospital. he said the embarrassment to the Welsh government was the "least important part" of it. north Wales community health council chief officer said the board needed a
motherwell boss says he would be "amazed if he doesn't" after defeat by england. scots are second bottom of their world cup qualifying group on four points. group winners progress to the 2018 finals in Russia.
a 24-hour industrial action is part of an ongoing dispute over staffing and the role of conductors. RMT general secretary Mick cash said the union "has sunk to a new low" the RMT has "a range of contingency plans" which would "almost inevitably
concert was originally scheduled to be held in Ghazi stadium to mark country's independence day. authorities said they could not guarantee security at that venue. Ms Sayeed is known for her long hair and figure-hugging outfits, which are taboo in Afghanistan.
the woman had been driving east towards newmarket on the westbound carriageway before being stopped at junction 27. she stopped in front of the police car with inches to spare.
the four-year arts programme began in 2008 and climaxed with the 2012 festival. by September 2012, 29% of the UK population was aware of the Olympiad and the festival. the four years were believed to have seen 37.4 million attendances.
the 29-year-old limped off after just seven minutes of the 2-0 win over Leicester city. the former premier league winner will have surgery in due course. wingers Jefferson montero (torn hamstring) and mo barrow (on loan at Leeds) also
the 22-year-old scored his fourth goal in 33 appearances this season. former whites striker michael Bakare had given the away side the perfect start.
the broader s&p 500 was down 0.2% at 2,260 and the Nasdaq was 0.4% lower at 5,447. with a 2% fall, Wal-mart was one of the big losers.
145 potholes each day will be "filled in" over the next four months, the council said. extra staff will also be out repairing drainage systems damaged by heavy rain.
Kevin paddick, 34, accused of killing Danny myers, 23, from enfield. he is expected to appear before magistrates later.
witness said man threatened group if they did not get dressed. when they refused, he allegedly pulled out a rifle and started firing. the injured woman was hit in the thigh as she ran away.
"armpit hair competition" launched on china's popular micro-blog service weibo. competition attracted thousands of comments from Chinese women. not all readers agree that shaving armpits is the best way forward.
Richard parks, 38, has ended his bid to become the first person to take blood samples at the summit of everest. the former rugby international had reached camp two, which is 6,400m above sea level - the summit is 8,848m (29,029ft) he has
protesters in Cairo chanted "Sisi out" and "we own the land" at least 80 people were arrested in Cairo and Alexandria, officials said. the uninhabited islands have been under Egyptian control since 1950.
the pound plunged by 6% overnight in a flash crash that is thought to have been triggered by automated trading. shares in sports direct closed down 9% on Friday.
Ed sheeran slid off the track at Dunsfold aerodrome in Surrey while recording his slot for the opening episode of the new series. he admitted he'd never driven a car ahead of the recording. the latest series, the show's 22nd since its
former UKIP leader will provide political analysis for the main channel and the Fox business network's daytime and primetime programmes. he has been one of the most prominent supporters of US president Donald Trump.
RCS says almost 450,000 patients are waiting for treatment - 10% higher than three years ago. but the Welsh government says waiting times have been cut since devolution. the surgeons' organisation wants all parties to prioritise tackling waiting lists in their election manifestos.
Mohammed Haji Sadiq denies 15 child sex offences over a 10-year period. he taught at the madina mosque in Cardiff between 1976 and 2006. the court heard he "took advantage of his position"
Konta beats world number 60 Kristyna pliskova 6-4 6-7 (11-13) 6-3. her next opponent will be another Czech, Katerina siniakova. sinikova caused a surprise in the second round by defeating second seed Simon
archaeologists will begin work next month to identify a shipwreck believed to have belonged to the man some historians believe inspired the adventures of sinbad the sailor. armada of the three-jewel eunuch admiral set sail more than 600 years
dragons lost 21-16 to scarlets on judgement day in the pro12. winger Oliver Griffiths impressed despite defeat. Wales face tonga and samoa in June.
british racing driver's club says it cannot afford to host the race. BRDC chairman: "we sustained losses of £2.8m in 2015 and £4.8m in 2016" silverstone has been home to the race every year since 1987.
the desk and chair were passed down through the Dickens family after his death in 1870. they were auctioned for the great ormond street charity in 2004. the furniture would have been sold at public auction if it was not for the grant.
"this is great, it's very reassuring and i'm very happy," says campaigner Hala Gamal. "it was totally unrepresentative of Egyptian society," says student, worker and peasant. Islamists from the Muslim brotherhood's
the new law will come into force on 1 June, in time for the world cup in brazil. it was proposed by the football association and will apply to domestic and international football. the IFAB rejected a proposal from Uefa to amend the so-called "triple punishment"
Somerset's Dom bess takes 6-28 on his county championship debut on tuesday. the 19-year-old has the best figures by a Somerset debutant for 55 years, according to the Guardian. "i was always a little porker when I was younger,"
the commission is investigating tax deals granted to US companies for setting up headquarters in Europe. next month the EU is expected to deliver its decision on apple. the commission said there was "no bias against us companies" in the probes.
Kate and Helen Richardson-Walsh will compete at their fourth Olympics. Crista cullen and Alex Danson will be at their third. 21-year-old striker Lily Owsley will make her games debut.
schemes to revamp Newport and bridgend centres and move people back into empty homes in Pontypridd. vacant flats above shops in Swansea will also be converted into homes. the funding is from the Welsh government's Vibrant and Viable places initiative.
the petition.parliament.uk website is designed to help people get issues on the political agenda. e-petitions will initially be considered by a cross-party committee of MPs chaired by labour's Helen Jones. under the previous system, petitions were directed to
biologist and entrepreneur turned the effort to map the human genome into a competitive race. his efforts in the field of human genomics have undeniably helped speed up the entire process. he has now turned his attention to the creation of a synthetic life form.
a ward closed at Truro's hospital on Monday because of an outbreak of norovirus. people are being urged to avoid A&E unless absolutely necessary. in february, the trust declared a "black alert" for about a week.
GB open their campaign with a comfortable 31-7 win over Kenya. new zealand bounced back from their shock opening loss to japan to beat kenya. the top two sides in each of the three pools go into the quarter-finals.
theresa may and her rivals will have to set out their visions for Brexit in much more detail than we've heard so far. the EU Commission's lead negotiator, Michel barnier, is going to have to deal with whoever is in residence in 10 downing street
Keith Baker, 60, and his wife Caroline, 54, had previously denied the charges. he admitted the rape and assault of the woman over an eight-year period. his wife admitted she helped him and indecently assaulted the woman herself.
Nicola sturgeon said the transition training fund should help keep expertise in the energy sector. the fund will offer grants for individuals to acquire specialised skills or further training. also announced was £12.5m of Scottish Enterprise funding.
the Welsh government has agreed to sign over some land near the entrance to Pembrey country park, meaning work can start shortly. it is expected to make more than £25,000 a year from entrance fees and caravan and camping stays.
the robbery happened at 11.55 as the 57-year-old security guard approached the store. he made off in a small white car, later found burnt out nearby. police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
will Watson calls for mining firm to accept "moral responsibility" for cleaning up two major sites at Margam near port Talbot and east pit near ammanford. the cost has been estimated at around £150m.
yn ôl adroddiadau mae'r tân bellach o dan reolaeth ond nid yw'n criwiau. Mae disgwyl i dd
Chelsea beat man utd 2-0 at stamford bridge to move within a point of leaders city. n'golo kante scores the only goal of the game with a deflected 15-yard strike. the win lifts the blues above Tottenham into
Kaya Scodelario was one of the longest-serving members of the Skins cast. dev patel's first job after playing anwar Kharral in series one and two, took him to the Oscars. Jack O'Connell, who played cook in series three and
assistant chief constable Bernie higgins gave evidence at Holyrood. he said armed officers were among the best trained in the force. but he accepted police intelligence could sometimes get it wrong.
the ECB's deposit rate, which applies to money parked overnight by commercial banks, is now minus 0.4%. negative rates are the policy decisions taken by a handful of central banks. last week the bond market took a new step down the financial rabbit hole.
police were called to a park in moston, manchester, just before 18:55 bst. officers responded to reports of a girl being raped. a 16-year-old boy was arrested in a nearby shop.
the legend of barney Thomson will open the 69th year of the festival on 17 June. the film stars Robert carlyle alongside Emma Thompson and Ray Winstone. tickets for the public screening at Edinburgh's festival theatre go on sale on wednesday.
female osprey has taken up residence at the Loch of the lowes centre near Dunkeld. former resident lady failed to return to the nest for the first time in a quarter of a century. staff at the reserve fear former resident Lady may be dead after failing to return.
Jose Manuel barroso said free movement of people within the EU was an "essential" principle. he said 1.4 million Britons lived elsewhere in the EU and it was a "matter of fairness" to have other EU citizens have the same rights. tory party chairman grant sh
BP's Statistical Review of World Energy said global energy consumption "slowed sharply" to an increase of just 0.9% in 2014. BP said slow growth was largely due to china's economy moving away from "energy-intensive sectors"
investigation into Emstrey crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes to bereaved parents. justice and civil liberties minister Simon Hughes says work on a national standard could begin. a BBC investigation found just one set of ashes had been returned since 2004.
Tuilagi is still recovering from the injury he suffered in october. cockerill is confident he will be fit for the world cup in june. the 23-year-old has won 25 caps and scored 11 tries for England.
Igor dodon, head of the party of socialists, is riding a wave of public discontent. he blames widespread corruption on the pro-EU parties which have ruled since 2009. last year, three banks collapsed and $1bn (£790m)
Curle has a year to run on his current contract. the 53-year-old will meet with the board next week to discuss the ongoing plans. he led the Cumbrians to the League Two play-offs this season.
ordnance survey maps only refer to black rock sands near porthmadog by that name. but it is also known locally as Traeth Morfa bychan - after the village next to the shoreline. OS told the authority the name was adopted after consultation with
Grace Taylor, who was backpacking, had been uncontactable since 16 february. the family filed a missing person report to police on 21 February. on 22 February, Ms Taylor contacted her family, who booked her a flight home.
21-year-old arrested in connection with incident at Kingsway just before 03:30 GMT. man's injuries were not life-threatening, said police.
first minister says tories' immigration announcements are "disturbing, sinister and beneath contempt" he urges Welsh labour to "fight for the soul of post-brexit Britain" in an email to party members. he describes the conference announcements as "politics
head of queen's university, prof Patrick Johnston, tells BBC's inside business a rise in tuition fees, or a return to public funding, was required to bridge a £100m gap. "we have some very critical decisions as a society to make very, very
formerly walkers were allowed to walk up-to six charges, but this has been curbed with the new PSPO. one professional dog walker said it will affect business. similar fines are in place in other areas including Oxford.
a victim is taking legal action to force an independent inquiry with power to compel witnesses and the security services to hand over documents. there have been allegations that a paedophile ring at Kincora was linked to the British intelligence services. the government has so far refused calls for
brothers Jason, 28, and Darren, 26, and friend Daniel Hughes, 36, were trekking in a remote area when the quake struck. they arrived at Manchester airport on Saturday and that they were very tired. the whereabouts of 1,000 EU citizens remain unknown.
both teams have reached the EuroHockey A Division. the women's team narrowly missed promotion to the top tier. both teams hope to qualify for the 2018 Commonwealth games.
MacNiallais' first goal contributed to Donegal's early 1-5 lead. Fermanagh had a chance to lead before the break but mark Anthony McGinley saved Sean Quigley's penalty. donegal will now face holders monaghan in the semi-
Martin has scored seven goals in 17 appearances for Fulham this term. the 28-year-old "made himself unavailable" for friday's abandoned game at reading. "i'm not going to send him back to Derby - he's going to stay with us and respect the
over the past five years, an estimated 70,000 people have left their homes and moved to the gold fields. men worked in the mines 24 hours a day, but it was clear the operation was completely unregulated. mine owner: "when I find gold most of my wishes will be completed"
the chancellor said the economy is showing "clear signs" of shock following the referendum vote to leave the european union. the target had been the Chancellor's most prized goal and had been driving austerity measures in previous budgets. the Treasury insists that it still wants to balance the
five candidates want to replace 79-year-old former president sepp blatter. they are sheikh salman bin ebrahim al-khalifa, prince al-hussein, tokyo sexwale and jerome champagne. each candidate has 15 minutes to
Mariusz Tomaszewski, 32, and pawel honc, 24, received 19 years each. Oskar Pawlowicz, 30, and dawid tychon, 29, admitted aggravated burglary. all the defendants had been under the influence of drugs and alcohol
Salford red devils play wigan warriors in other semi-final. salford are the only side outside of the top four left in the competition. the semis will take place at neutral venues on 28 and 29 July.
councils approved 1,584 applications from people with convictions. councils received more than 1,200 taxi-related complaints in 2014. figures obtained through a series of co-ordinated freedom of information requests.
the 71-year-old ex-monty Python member's tour opens in Cambridge on Tuesday. critics say he has become "rueful - even, in the true sense of the word, pathetic" comedy website Chortle says he is "pleading pen
ex-manchester united forward will stay at the city ground until the end of the season. macheda has not started a Championship match this season for bluebirds. forest midfielder David Vaughan has signed a one-year contract until 2017.
cnn's john defterios visits the people smuggling racket in southern Bangladesh. he meets one of the smugglers on the world's longest beach. the migrants are held in prison camps until full payment is made.
Karen munro regularly films and photographs the aurora near her home in caithness. she set up a camera to capture footage for a time lapse of the northern lights through a window while she slept. the display was filmed visible between 03:00 and 04:00
Alexis Scott, 39, tricked people into thinking they had too much cash on them as they boarded flights. she was convicted of six counts of theft and one count of misfeasance. judge said the severity of her crime meant she would be split up from her young
the HK ultramarathon saw competitors cover the same stretch of road 25 times. organisers conceded the course was "quite boring" but said spectator access would help.
distribution and packaging services at its Pontyclun distribution centre will be taken over by a Northampton-based provider. the company said it was in talks with staff about the "transfer of employment" and "relocation of roles"
digital technologies offer the potential to tackle some of the continent's education challenges. there are 30 million children in sub-saharan africa without any education at all. publishers and educators are finding new ways to reach young audiences.
Nicole Clark used her mother's bank details to set up online accounts. the 30-year-old admitted stealing the money between 8 and 26 august last year. depute fiscal said the accused's mother had not recouped any of the money.
the Dow Jones closed at a record for the eighth consecutive day, rising 0.3%. the wider S&P 500 index closed up 0.19% at 2,476.83, while the Nasdaq rose 0.18% to 6,351.56.
the government has said that there has been a 13,100 rise in the number of nurses actually working on NHS wards in England since may 2010. but this is only true if you look just at nurses working on acute, elderly or general ward. meanwhile, a net fall in some
the city centre business has gone into liquidation with the loss of 53 jobs. it was opened by Thomas Austin in 1830 and is thought to have been one of the oldest stores in Europe. one worker, Toni McNally, has been employed by the business for her entire working life.
three is the first network to abolish roaming charges in selected countries. the service is available to customers travelling to the republic of ireland, australia and italy. analysts say that other operators of mobile phone networks are likely to follow three's lead.
post-mortem examinations show two women found dead on a beach on koh tao. forensic tests reveal traces of semen from two different men. police say there is no evidence against two brothers questioned by police. prime minister apologises for
"it's going to be up to someone else now," says leave campaigner. he shocks Westminster by pulling out of the tory leadership race.
virtual doctors project aims to improve health services in rural Zambia. health workers and clinical officers on the ground use an app to take notes on a patient's symptoms and photographs. information is sent to a volunteer doctor in the uk who provides individual support.
Abdul hafidah, 18, died in hospital from a stab wound to the neck after the attack. police believe he had been chased by a group of men near greenheys Lane. two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
co-founder and chief executive of hotel chocolat says he was inspired to set up his own business. hotel Chocolat has 81 shops, eight cafes, two restaurants, and a hotel. the firm's 100% dark chocolate products took five years to become profitable.
Islamic tradition requires the dead to be buried as soon as possible, unless an autopsy is required. religious rites were carried out on the deck of a us aircraft carrier, the uss Carl vinson. the body was then flown to Afghanistan and his identity was confirmed.
shares in miners rebounded as investors looked for bargains following recent falls. sentiment was also helped by upbeat economic data from china. the lse reported a 16% rise in half-year operating profits to £239.4m.
the 66-year-old faces nine tax charges at the republic of ireland's special criminal court. prosecutors claim he had significant dealings in cattle and land. defence lawyers claim his brother managed his cattle herd and farming activities.
600,000 small firms will not have to pay business rates, while 250,000 will pay lower rates. the chancellor capped debt interest payments used by larger firms to cut their corporation tax bills, to 30% of earnings. he also said corporation tax would be cut to 17% by 2020.
Cuthbert has not played for Wales since their 26-23 win over Scotland in February. the 25-year-old was left out of the matchday squads altogether for their three remaining fixtures. winger Williams will miss Wales' first two warm up matches following foot surgery.
Christian will be one of notts outlaws' two overseas players for the tournament in 2017. the 33-year-old has played 174 Twenty20 matches during his career, scoring 2,549 runs. he averaged 41, with a strike-rate of 159.51, as not
the body of 13-year-old Lindsay Rimer was found in the Rochdale canal. west Yorkshire police are treating the death as murder. the force said a new DNA profile had been identified.
ex-manchester united trainee joins conference club on loan. the 21-year-old played 13 times for the club after joining in february. goalkeeper Phil Smith agrees new one-year contract with the club.
18-year-old gymnast has surgery after breaking his left tibia and fibia. he won team silver at the world championships in glasgow last month. medical team is expected to issue more information on the injury on tuesday.
two Palestinians reported killed by troops - one an alleged assailant in the west bank, the other in Gaza. tension remains despite the end of a stand-off at the holy site. 136 Palestinians wounded in clashes in and around the compound on th
french authorities recently completed an audit of Booking.com's accounts. the company said the majority of funds being sought are penalties. last week, google's headquarters in paris were searched as part of an investigation into possible tax evasion.
transport for London (tfl) announced a public consultation process to decide how the city's private hire trade should be regulated. proposals include improving the driving and english language skills of drivers and stricter insurance requirements. but Uber said that the proposals would raise prices and add to congestion in the capital
Andy Schleck takes yellow jersey ahead of Sunday's final stage in paris. germany's Tony martin wins time-trial from australian Evans. Evans last wore yellow jersey after stage eight of last year's tour.
children previously lived in areas controlled by Boko Haram, a UN spokesman says. details of the children's ages and the length of their detention have not been given. human rights groups argue that there is no proper legal process for civilians detained by the army.
swimming and run-shoot combined events helped her climb to ninth and reach final. she is joined by GB team-mates Kate french, Freyja prentice and Francesca summers. a top-eight finish in Sunday's final at the university of bath will
more than 700,000 federal employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown. Hyundai said affected employees will be given payment relief "for as long as they are out of work" employees who are looking to buy a new car will get a 90-day payment deferral.
photographer says singer did not "play fair" when it came to image rights. Jason sheldon says he had to sign permission form granting Swift's management company long-term rights to reuse images. a spokesperson for the 25-year-old singer said: "the policy has been changed
Jonathan Platt successfully contested a fine from Isle of Wight council for taking his young daughter on a family holiday to florida in April. he is crowdfunding for £25,000 expected legal costs. the father wrote on the fundraising page he would spend the money on "n
rowan county clerk Kim Davis turned away two gay couples seeking marriage licences. despite court orders to continue issuing licences, she said she would not issue any. the us Supreme court rejected the argument that her faith prevented her from carrying out her duty.
Ukraine's Paralympians are poised to go one better at the paralympics in rio de janeiro. president Petro poroshenko has described the performance as "incredible" the country's main training centre in Crimea was taken over by russia
69-year-old man arrested over alleged theft of sensitive security documents. police and security service MI5 believe documents could put lives at risk. PFNI said it was an "astounding and very worrying state of affairs"
school crossing patrol personnel numbers have dropped by about 75 since 2013. councils spent £810,000 less on the service than three years ago. there are now just over 2,100 school patrol officers in Scotland.
the Nikkei 225 closed down 0.4% at 18,916.02, although the index had been as much as 1.6% in earlier trade. shares in Toshiba fell 9.8% on reports it was expecting record losses for the year to march. the US dollar fell to 121.20 yen, compared
the mayor said the fares freeze would save the average household £200 over the next four years. the freeze is expected to cost £640m. bus and tram tickets, pay as you go journeys on the tube, docklands light railway and TfL rail services will all be frozen.
former leader of the scottish national party says sterling is the right currency for Scotland. he believes a better case for the use of sterling would prevent the case being "gazumped" by opponents in a future referendum. his comments come weeks after Nicola Sturgeon announced plans for
the 998g (35.2oz) opal, valued at nearly A$900,000 (£550,000; $680,000), is on display in Adelaide's south Australian museum. it was found in 1946 by a mining prospector in what became known as the "fire of australia"
the remains are believed to be those of men and boys who died of contagious diseases on board floating prisons, known as prison hulks, more than 200 years ago. rising sea levels and coastal erosion over the years have begun to slowly wash away their final resting place. the remains
more than 100 schools took part on the first News Day, making and broadcasting their own news. the year also saw our first special report, to mark the UN Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen. a record-breaking temperature measurement involving School Reporters from as far afield as the shetl
gen sir nicholas houghton told the BBC that refusing to launch nuclear weapons would "seriously undermine" the deterrent. he said he would be worried if such a view "translated into power as it were"
Enninful will take over from Alexandra shulman, who announced her departure in January. the 45-year-old is currently the fashion and creative director at W magazine. he will start his new role on 1 august.
e-Delicious uses sensors and computer circuitry as electronic tongue and nose. it was developed after former prime minister Yingluck Shinwatra complained about poor versions of Thai food. around 200 people were invited to sample different versions of classic Thai dishes.
researchers examined 74 studies done across the world in the past decade. they concluded that smacking was associated with increased aggression. there was also a "worrying risk" of escalation into physical abuse. the report said physical punishment was still common in Scotland and the UK
21-year-old prop made his debut in the weekend win over Ospreys. Chapman joined the club this summer under their Player Development Foundation scheme. the former Launceston player spent the 2014-15 season with Plymouth Albion.
Newcastle beat aston villa 2-0 in their premier league clash at villa park. goals from yoan gouffran and jamaal lascelles secure victory. top scorer dwight gayle limped off after 33 minutes with hamstring problem. villa strike
"in excess of six" candidates have been interviewed for the manager's position. the pair worked together at watford. warburton is preparing his Rangers side to face hibernian in the Scottish cup final.
Vikki Thompson, 21, died at HMP Leeds on 13 November. she had been awaiting sentencing for robbery. her partner said the prison had robbed him of the love of his life.
ICAO issued an alert on Thailand's aviation body after a safety audit. move led to a ban on new flights to china, Japan and south Korea. Thai officials had submitted plans to deal with the concerns in march.
"call off the trolls - Paul Feig's female reboot is a blast," the Guardian says. Empire magazine gives the film three stars. Vanity fair critic Richard lawson calls it "a flat, occasionally charming disappointment"
Margaret Jamieson, 70, from peebles, suffered fatal injuries in the accident. two other people - a man and a woman - were seriously injured. police have urged anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them.
the surcharge will lift each band by 3% for properties worth between £125,000 and £250,000. for the average buy-to-let purchase of £184,000, that means they will pay an extra £5,520. landlords reacted angrily to the change, saying it would
tanker carrying highly-flammable ethanol caught fire close to lesmahagow. no-one was injured as a result of the blaze. the motorway was closed in both directions for several hours.
the grant will see six hectares of Broadcroft quarry restored and opened as a trail. the two-year project is one of the first steps towards the main Jurassica attraction, which is planned in the 40m (132ft) deep quarry. the proposed subterranean park on
Celtic league has called on the manx government to campaign for a full, independent inspection of the plant. Sellafield says the site is safe and has been improved with significant investment in recent years. the Isle of man is located about 34 miles (55km) from the nuclear fuel reprocessing
Stoke beat Bournemouth 3-0 in their premier league clash at the vitality stadium. record signing imbula gave the visitors a half-time lead at the Vitality Stadium. substitute Joselu made it 3-0 two minutes later with a rising header from xherdan shq
man, known as David, said he wanted answers about how police dealt with allegations. Gordon Dawson, a farmer from Spilsby, shot himself in 2007 after officers informed him. police said "procedures were correctly followed at the time" but policy has since changed.
the offer is for both home and away supporters visiting sportsdirect.com park. the original game was postponed on 26 November because of a frozen pitch. oldham have just exited a transfer embargo and reappointed manager John Sheridan.
envoy questioned after his wife alleged he sexually abused their three-year-old. a case has been registered against him, but he has not been arrested or formally charged. police say they are trying to confirm if the man has diplomatic immunity.
double Olympic champion pips archibald in a repeat of Friday's one-two in the individual pursuit. he helped pearl izumi to gold in the women's team pursuit, while marchant won the keirin. sophie Thornhill and her
David Jordan, 44, is accused of the bomb attack on a police officer in castlederg. he is also charged with causing an explosion and belonging to a proscribed organisation. on Thursday, gavin coyle, 38, was charged with trying to kill the policeman.
the strikes were expected as part of president Obama's pledge to "destroy" IS, which has taken over large parts of Iraq and Syria. is a radical militant group which has threatened to harm any non-muslims unless they convert to Islam.
Colin Lochrie, 31, targeted the aircraft on 28 November 2013. he was caught after officers were alerted and traced Lochrie to his home. Lochrie was jailed for 14 months, reduced from 18 months for pleading guilty.
exports have been hurt recently by a slowdown in its key markets. there was a big fall in imports, which declined 15.2% from a year earlier. analysts said the data may be skewed due to the Lunar new year.
the 32-year-old scored 25 points to pass the milestone in his 10th season. he now has twice as many points as second-placed Zydrunas ilgauskas. James, who also played for Miami heat, is eighth on the NBA all-time list
William Dunlop was jailed in 2006 over the 1989 killing of Julie hogg. it is now alleged he raped one girl and forced himself on to another. offences said to have taken place in Billingham and at his home.
Reinhard Heydrich was one of the architects of the final solution when he was governor of occupied bohemia. the mission was so audacious in its planning and execution that it inspired a book which has now been made into a film. it stars actors Cillian Murphy and
a golden age of Icelandic culture begins, producing great works of medieval literature. 1380 - Norway and Iceland enter a union with the Danish crown. 1904 - Iceland attains home rule; rule by parliamentary majority introduced.
the men's 4x100 freestyle relay team say they took sleep aid Stilnox. the drug is not considered a performance enhancer and is not a banned substance. but the australian Olympic committee put it on the prohibited list ahead of the games.
Warren, who started the Granada television show when he was 24, died on 1 march. his coffin was carried into the cathedral by members of the cast. former stars in the congregation included Ken Morley and Christopher Quinten.
racial and political tensions have been a steady source of instability and international isolation. in 1987 a coup by indigenous fijians overthrew the elected, Indian-dominated coalition. continuing tensions culminated in a bloodless military takeover in 2006 - Fiji's
first minister Nicola sturgeon signed a memorandum of understanding (mOU) with SinoFortone and another Chinese firm in march. the agreement was said to be worth up to £10bn. opposition parties voiced fears about the deal amid concerns CR3's parent
female peregrine falcon found dead in quarry in penmaenmawr. tests show rat poison killed the bird of prey. north Wales police are appealing for help to catch the poisoner.
Nicola sturgeon is exploring ways of keeping Scotland inside the european single market. EFTA members currently include Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein. the Scottish government would like the UK as a whole to seek a similar arrangement.
three hunger strikers fined for staging protest in city of Novosibirsk. election commission found faults with more than 1,000 of 11,000 signatures they submitted. activists insist they were valid, and say authorities used out-of-date databases.
Hampshire win the toss and choose to bat against the pink ball. hosts close on 18-0 after Craig overton bowls a crucial spell to turn the tide. james Vince top-edges through to Steven Davies for a fifth duck in last eight innings.
South africa's law reform commission says holidays from all religions should be treated equally. commission noted that members of other religious groups do not get paid when they skip work to observing their own holidays. some 80% of south africans are classed as Christian, according to most recent available statistics
the life-sized doll was stolen from the nativity scene in the city before 23:30 on Monday. it was the second time the doll had been stolen in the past two years. police said three males would be reported to the procurator fiscal in due course.
the APC won 19 of the 28 governor posts in results declared from Saturday's elections. it is the biggest defeat for the peoples democratic party (PDP) since 1999. the party lost for the first time in key northern states like Katsina and Kaduna.
everton have been working with Liverpool city council to find a replacement for goodison park. the stadium has been home to the toffees since 1892 and has a capacity of 39,572. an initial plan was to build a stadium at Walton hall park, but
chinese club sign argentine forward from Boca juniors. rumoured to have agreed a deal worth £40m for the 32-year-old. Tevez played for seven years in the premier league with manchester united.
order says he must "wear sufficient clothing in public to at least cover his genitalia and buttocks" it is effective for all of england and wales until 10 may. if he contravenes it, he could be imprisoned again
GSA aims to raise £20m to restore the famous building which was badly damaged by fire on 23 may. most recent pledges and individual donations by members of the public mean the fund currently stands at £6.4m. the appeal fund, which has Hollywood star Brad Pitt and Dr Who actor Peter Cap
former brazil under-17 striker bonatini scores the only goal of the game. the 23-year-old pounces on a sloppy pass from defender Daniel ayala. middlesbrough forwards braithwaite and assomb
Bristol have lost all seven top-flight games so far this season. former england and scotland head coach mark tainton appointed acting coach. Robinson led the club back to the premiership in may after seven-year stay in the championship.
mae'r asgellwr Steff Evans yn rhydd i chwarae wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch y y rownd gynderfyno
cloud computing does away with having a dedicated data centre. companies get their number crunching done by a benevolent source of computational power. but cyber-clouds are not as insubstantial as their name suggests.
in 2007, the assets of its three largest banks had grown to over nine times GDP. the predictable consequence was a bank run and the subsequent collapse of the Icelandic banking system. in 2008, the cypriot banks were hit hard by the restructuring of Greek sovereign debt.
prince william gave a speech at the island's annual agricultural show. he thanked the people of Anglesey for being so welcoming to him and his wife. it was one of the duke's first public engagements since the birth of his son.
journalists are being murdered in Mexico and this is nothing new. since 2000, at least 106 journalists have been killed across the country. rights groups say this is one of the most dangerous countries for reporters. but virtually all cases of attacks on the press end up unsolved.
the firm has reported a net profit of $471m (£294m) in the three months to 8 September. china contributed more than half of its $3.6bn revenue during the period. since June, the group has opened 394 new restaurants, of which 192 new units were
about 1,000 athletes, aged between 14 and 18, will participate in the event. boxers Carl Frampton and Michael Conlan, and swimmer Sycerika McMahon are among Northern Irish athletes to have previously competed at the Games. NI Commonwealth Games chairman Robert McVeigh described it
the american health care act was the first major piece of legislation pushed by the white house and the Republican-controlled congress. it was seen as a key political test early in the president's term when he should be at the height of his power and party cohesion is at its strongest.
gwyneth paltrow and amal cliooney welcome their first children. social media has been full of joy. some have taken issue with how some media outlets reported the news.
the poster featured British passports and included two personal email addresses. the government recently said it would not conduct immigration checks on foreign nationals who survived the fire. leigh day said it had "no prior knowledge" of the poster.
HM inspectorate of prisons carried out the inspection last autumn during 29 September and 3 October. inspectors said levels of violence had risen since the last inspection and "were now considerably higher than in similar prisons" they said not enough was being done to "investigate individual violent incidents" and
the museum says its "recommended" policy has been in place for 40 years. lawyers say the museum uses misleading marketing to deceive visitors. the suit seeks a change in the admissions policy and reimbursement.
the two democratic contenders took questions from an audience in new hampshire. the tone is definitely rising between the two Democratic opponents. it's about who has the ability to build on president Obama's legacy and inspire voters.
Ross has agreed a deal that runs initially until the summer of 2016. the former defender has coaching experience from stints at dumbarton and hearts. alloa are bottom of the championship, three points adrift of livingston.
"what do you think? our country's so innocent?" he asked. he said he respected president Putin and would prefer to "get along with him" the full interview will be broadcast by Fox ahead of the super bowl.
mawson arrived at the liberty stadium from championship side barnsley in august of 2016. the 23-year-old has performed well despite never playing in the first tier before. Swansea face everton needing to win as they fight Premier League relegation.
the plans for Hopwas wood near Tamworth have been submitted by lafarge Tarmac. the company said the quarry would cover only a fifth of the wood. it also claimed much of the area where it proposes to extract sand and gravel was damaged by fire.
the games, in Llanwrtyd wells, continue every weekend until 29 august. Bog snorkelling has taken place in the town for 31 years. in 2012 other activities were added as a Wales-focused alternative to the Olympics.
a grand jury agrees a misdemeanour assault charge for family violence. colleen Crowley says he confronted her at a hotel and hit her as they drove back to fort worth. the class a felony carries up to one year in jail and
Nicola sturgeon says there will not be an independence referendum in 2017. the first minister says she is putting to theresa may a compromise solution. scotland has already drafted legislation for a referendum on independence.
Derek bruder was giving evidence as the inquests focused on the final movements of 15-year-old Kevin Williams. he said he made his first statement shortly after the 1989 disaster and was visited by police the following year. the officer concerned, former insp Matthew sawers, denied
fire authority chairman will make a statement at its next meeting. home office has described the allegations as "serious and persistent" three senior officers left the authority in five years under "unusual circumstances"
trading in china's markets was twice halted by a circuit breaker, before the authorities decided to suspend the measure. the Shanghai composite closed 2% higher on friday, but still ended the week down by about 10%. in London, the FTSE 100 was up 55.4 points,
Ferrari's kimi raikkonen and nico rosberg fastest in practice for the chinese grand prix. defending champion mercedes' fernando alonso 11th fastest ahead of team-mate jenson button. red bull'
the bridge was completely closed on friday and alternative travel plans have been put in place. extra trains between Fife and Edinburgh have been laid on and 11,000 park and ride spaces made available. the Scottish government believes that the urgent work should be completed by early January.
monitor is looking into the financial sustainability of southend university hospital foundation trust "on behalf of patients" the hospital blamed the larger-than-anticipated deficit on growth in demand and increased staff recruitment. the hospital has pledged to cut the deficit while maintaining "high quality care"
police were called to the A35 at Bloxworth, near wareham, at about 09:10 BST. tests are under way to "determine the contents" of the cigarettes. no arrests have been made.
toksvig said having more female hosts would be a better way of ensuring more women are represented on television. he said female hosts bring a different tone and make it easier for other women to feel comfortable about participating. "i'm 55, at a point where females tend
Norwegian air accident board warns that current fault detection measures may be inadequate. Iain Stuart from Aberdeenshire was among those killed in the crash. the super puma was travelling from the Gullfaks field to Bergen when it crashed.
Duns, Hawick, Peebles and Selkirk saw numbers rise with a regionwide increase of 1% last year compared with 2015. there was a drop in footfall recorded in Galashiels, Jedburgh, Kelso and Melrose. council says
new programme, known as drive, will be aimed at the most dangerous offenders. backed by domestic abuse charities SafeLives and respect, it will be piloted in three counties. refuge says there is "no evidence" therapy for violent partners is effective.
Amos dislocated a shoulder in the 32-8 defeat by australia. the 22-year-old will have an operation in the next week. Welsh have already selected cory allen and tomos Williams as injury replacements.
Joshua and Klitschko will fight at wembley on saturday. the fight will be for the vacant IBF title and vacant WBA belt. both fighters are undefeated in 18 fights since turning professional.
papers served on back Henry street website over six alleged defamatory comments. club confirms legal action but says it will not be commenting further. forum appeals to fans of the championship side to help in legal fight.
James gunn's white Ford focus crashed on the a967 at garson farm, Shandwick. police have appealed for anyone who saw the car to come forward.
Mayo lead by three with two minutes of normal time remaining. mark Lynch's fisted goal forces extra-time, but Jason doherty equalises for mayo. mayo's Patrick Durcan sent off late in the first period of extra time.
left-back was expected to miss Saturday's defeat by Aberdeen while he sought advice from a specialist to help with a hip complaint. but Clark was impressed as the former Rangers defender declared himself fit. the scottish club lost 2-1 to the side sitting second top of the
Rea extends championship lead to 50 points after second place at spanish circuit. northern irishman led for most of the race after starting ninth on the grid. despite not winning for the first time this year, he has extended his lead.
students receive extra time, typically more than three hours to complete a two-and-a-half hour exam, because of special needs or disabilities like dyslexia. exam watchdog ofqual said this may be because of the readiness of schools to find students entitled to more time. the head teacher of
the 23-year-old said in may that he was keen to play in the NFL. his brother Sam has returned to the Rabbitohs after a spell in rugby union. Jarryd Hayne left parramatta Eels to join the 49ers this year.
Doncaster Rovers beat Stevenage 3-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday. goals from liam mandeville and matty blair gave the visitors the lead. tom pett and Fraser franks pulled goals back for Stevenage
a lack of citizenship document can make your life tough. you cannot get a driving licence, open a bank account, pursue higher education or carry out legal transactions. women in this patriarchal society still face a lot of discrimination.
Castleford Tigers beat St Helens Saints 7-4 in the super league. tries from mark percival and louie McCarthy-scarsbrook secured victory. second-placed salford red devils beaten 34-24 at home by wakefield.
west ham were beaten 3-2 by manchester united at the boleyn ground. cynics suggested one cab was on order to ferry van gaal away from united. the loss leaves them still needing to beat Bournemouth at Old Trafford on Sunday.
London turned down the chance to host the Grand Depart, citing the cost of staging the event as the reason. it will be the first time since west Berlin in 1987 that Germany has hosted the opening stage of road cycling's premier race.
elderly patients stuck on wards for months because of a lack of care home places. commission also found patients left in bed until lunchtime due to staff shortages. mental welfare commission expects NHS Lothian to act on its report.
eight people were arrested after raids on homes in the Midlands and south of England in September 2014. some of the eight have been charged with running brothels while others face charges relating to money laundering.
Francisco palomo shot at least 12 times by gunmen in Guatemala city. defended Gen Rios montt against charges connected to killing of indigenous. the general was sentenced to 80 years in prison two years ago.
"he was an amazing father and person," said Julie Chartoff. he won the best picture Oscar for the first Rocky film in 1977. chartoff and partner Irwin winkler went on to produce all seven Rocky movies.
the crowd at wembley arena relive the historic 1966 world cup final. actors including Martin freeman read the words of fans and players, including the late sir Bobby Moore. there was also live music from performers including Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Reef and the Troggs.
the online hate crime hub is made up of five specially trained met police officers. officers will try to identify, prevent and investigate online abuse. it is the first hub of its kind in the UK and will cost £1.7m over two years.
you can build your own VPN server at home using a £30 Raspberry pi computer. it will not give you the option of appearing to be from somewhere else. but you can use it to connect external devices to your home network.
the company blames the "market decline in eastern europe" for offsetting strength in Asian markets. cees 't hart: "strong Asian performance will not be enough to offset the weaker than expected results in western Europe" the company also reported adjusted net profit fell 23% to 1.73b
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared on 24 July 1991. his mother Kerry has always maintained her son, who would now be 26, is alive and was probably abducted. south Yorkshire police said officers travelled to Kos on Sunday and would hold a press conference on Tuesday at
a two-hour walkout by the examiners will be followed by a week of short strikes in the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA). the PCS union said the planned closure of DVLA offices would "wipe out the high quality face-to-face services these offices
hallam hope sent off for a dangerous challenge on darnell furlong. mark Ellis blocked a tap-in from james dunne for the visitors.
Liam McGerrigan, 27, from the city, was pronounced dead at the scene. west Midlands police said it was still keen to hear from anyone who may have seen an altercation. a 33-year-old man was arrested in the Tile Hill area on Friday.
transport minister says he is satisfied council would be financially protected in a proposed Compulsory Purchase Order. he has paved the way for a search and rescue helicopter service to return to the airport - which closed last year. but the airport's new owners, Trevor Cartner
cnn's john defterios visits a hospital in the city of Bambari, capital of central africa's conflict zone. he talks to a doctor about the escalating violence, which has killed 212 people in the past month. "they
four-time world super-middleweight champion james degale is the man he wants to beat. the 38-year-old has not fought since retaining the WBA and IBF titles in may 2014. deGale became the first Briton to win
mp for colchester argues that you can only have a vibrant west end if you've got a strong regional base developing the talent. he argued: "the west end is often the showcase of our best theatre, but it does not exist in a vacuum" minister for culture
storm - "Alex" - is 785 miles (1,260km) south-west of the Azores, with winds up to 85 mph (140km/h) it is one of the earliest tropical systems to form in the Atlantic Hurricane Basin since records began. storm is expected to
the Wales Bill aims to grant the Welsh Assembly new powers over energy, transport and elections. a draft version of the bill was dogged with controversy and the UK government has promised significant changes. the bill is an attempt to re-write how Wales is governed by defining what is under the
the 21-year-old has been playing in the Glasgow first team since 2012. made his senior international debut the following year. regularly partners brother and former Warriors lock richie in Scotland's second row.
the defendants deny conspiracy to supply the class a drug. almost 40kg of heroin worth about £5m was seized between 2013 and 2014. the jury was told the speaker was being carried in a car stopped by police.
nearly half of the 1,501 people who took part in the survey had been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food. a fifth needed help to pay their rent or mortgage - a figure which jumped to 29% when it came to utility bills. nearly four in 10 (38%) felt
council has 924 unaccompanied asylum-seeking children in its care. compared with nearly 630 at the start of last august. councillor says it is "not a position we want to be in"
new pay deal with the rugby football union means an english international could earn up to £300,000 each year in match fees alone. the latest RFU accounts showed record profits following the 2015 rugby world cup. vice-chairman of the rugby players' association denies that the new deal will lead to
Anthony Scouler, 55, used seven bank accounts to hide profits of more than £100,000. he also used fake identities to get credit cards to pay for high-tech growing equipment. police raided his furniture shop in barnstaple in 2012 and found 112 plants
the snake's owner is an "experienced snake handler" local residents are warned not to get close to the snake. the reptile is not native to florida.
the committee was not satisfied that an error had occurred. however, it opted to suspend half of the sanction for six months. Novo's three-match ban will start on Monday, 3 April.
the aircraft came down in a field at Steve Powell's farm at Cwmbach, Builth Wells, powys. the men have been named locally as Scott penlington and Nick jeffries. "it is a terrible tragedy and we've never had anything
Kent only managed a single batting point, having begun the game behind leaders Essex. the visitors reached 146-7 before will Gidman (51) and Matt Coles (52) led a recovery. south african paceman Rory Kleinveldt took 3-70 for the visitors.
prosecution evidence was difficult to follow or to understand, observers say. the journalists deny spreading false news and helping the Muslim Brotherhood. a fourth reporter has been detained since august but not charged.
ex-libyan dissident Abdul hakim Belhaj says MI6 helped to arrange his and his wife's rendition. he says they were covertly taken from Thailand to Libya for interrogation. the case has prompted an unprecedented battle over whether it can even begin.
Helen Smith, who lives in deal with her husband and their two children, applied for a new visa last september. but she is still waiting for officials to return her passport. her plea to speed up the process after her grandfather's death was rejected.
Adrian brown, 38, stabbed muhammed Ali on a train in south-east london. a jury found him not guilty following a two-day trial at southwark crown court. judge Deborah Taylor QC ordered that brown should be detained indefinitely
the A835 Ullapool closed for several hours because of a landslide at garve. emergency teams are also dealing with landslips on the A83 in Argyll and bute. motorists are advised to use the A87 as an alternative route between Kyle and
Welsh language minister alun Davies has written to the corporation seeking assurances over the future of factual and drama production in Wales. BBC Studios has announced plans to cut about 300 staff across the UK. its director mark Linsey said the proposals will help "provide even greater value to licence fee payer
1965 track Tears was the third biggest-selling single of the decade. the Fab Four occupy the top two places in the chart. DJ Tony blackburn counted down the Top 60 best-selling records of the 1960s.
the 37-year-old came off his Tyco BMW at the 27th milestone. the race was red-flagged because of the incident. he has now been flown to hospital for further treatment.
the first Muslim woman to sit in the cabinet has quit the government. there is no evidence that the prime minister is changing his mind. the new foreign secretary has dismissed what she called a "morally indefensible" position.
the serbs lost 6-4 6-4 to Brazilians Marcelo melo and Bruno soares. the loss came a day after djokovic was knocked out of the singles by argentine Juan martin del Potro.
former cia station chief Robert lady was released and had boarded a us-bound flight. he was sentenced to nine years in jail for his involvement in the 2003 abduction. the cleric, known as Abu Omar, was allegedly flown to Egypt and tortured
five losses in-a-row saw the 40-year-old slip to 31st in the world rankings. but he ended his slump with a 6-1 win over Hamza Akbar at the world snooker championships. the Gloucester potter plays Hammad miah in
this is the second search to be carried out in a week. searches are being carried out on ten houses and flats in Dublin's south inner city.
UEFA, Cardiff council and the football association of Wales chose the pitch. Wales legend Ian rush praised the facility, saying it would help get more kids into football. he said the next big football superstar could come from the area.
the Welsh government has agreed to pay £20,000-a-year for a site to store the 15th Century vessel discovered in 2002. it comes after Newport council said it planned to stop its funding due to budget cuts. the new site will allow freeze-drying of the ship's remaining
police allege that he grabbed former reporter's arm when she tried to ask a question. the Trump campaign says he plans to plead not guilty to the charge. a week before a key primary in Wisconsin, the governor gave an endorsement of rival Ted Cruz.
mark McCarroll, 49, was working as a fork lift driver at a Hayes Fuels depot in Belfast. the father-of-one died two days later from chest and pelvic injuries. allister hayes and risk manager Stanley Gibson both pleaded guilty at
landlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation (HMO) but many are put off - because a license can cost??1,000 - despite facing a fine of up to??20,000.
softbank and french robotics firm aldebaran have seen huge success with pepper. each batch of 1,000 sold out fast in Japan. hospital-based robots will be significantly more expensive than the $1,850 basic model.
hunger and/or dehydration were a factor in 828 patient deaths in 2015. malnutrition may be recorded on the death certificate when it was a complication of a different underlying cause, such as cancer of the stomach. guidelines make it clear that even if a
veterans for justice UK expect about 100 former soldiers to take part in a march. organisers said it was to highlight "injustices against soldiers" in the city. bloody Sunday trust said the march was a "deliberately provocative act"
manufacturing contributes only 15% to india's gross domestic product. authorities want to raise it to 25%. the launch comes on the eve of Mr Modi's first visit to the us as prime minister.
the super eagles captain made "uncomplimentary remarks" regarding safety and security in Kaduna for a 2017 africa cup of nations qualifier against chad. the 32-year-old failed to reply to messages from the NFF seeking an explanation for his comments
remains found off the A198 near the entrance to gosford house in longniddry. it is thought Ms Tiffney was murdered and her body disposed of in the area. police say it will take a few days to recover the remains.
league one side have been under the embargo since November. the latics have a £300,000 bill with hmrc and fees owed to other clubs. oldham are bottom of the table and the lowest scorers in the football league.
vehicle collides with articulated lorry on the A361 near Glastonbury, Somerset. homeowner suffered minor injuries and was taken to hospital. crews are working to remove the truck and stabilise the building.
northern ireland have won just one of their last 14 friendlies. aaron ramsey's side start well but rarely threaten in second half. paddy mccarthy and david healy come on as substitutes.
russian president says he was not seeking to influence the french election. le Pen has garnered widespread support at home but her extreme views have deterred most foreign leaders. she called for the lifting of EU sanctions against Russia, arguing they were "counterproductive"
a man has died from a single gunshot wound at a party in headley, near Epsom. two other people were injured in the shooting shortly after 02:30 BST on monday. a 36-year-old woman was shot in the leg and taken to hospital.
the deal gives the UK power to limit some EU migrants' benefits. it also includes a treaty change so the UK is not bound to "ever closer union" with other EU member states. the prime minster is set to announce the date of a referendum on whether Britain should remain in the EU
MyTravelPass gave 16-18 year olds a third off bus travel. the Welsh Government announced the end of the scheme in January. it was established as part of a budget deal with the lib dems.
jacqueline McPhie, 46, took the money while vice president for finance at altus intervention in Aberdeen between March 2013 and April 2014. she was sentenced to three years and four months in prison. at the high court in Edinburgh, she was ordered to pay back £587,
about 650 positions, mainly in the UK, Norway and india, may be affected. a more specific breakdown for Aberdeen and London jobs has not been announced. "the adjustments are being made because of the continued market slowdown"
hmrc wants to target businesses that have failed to register for tax, and individuals who fail to declare the money they make online. it said this "hidden economy" could equate to £5.9bn a year in tax. the 12-week consultation runs until 14 October
treasure has been found in pretty unexpected places. a look at some of the biggest hauls.
earworm 'PPAP' (short for Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen) was performed by animal print-clad DJ Piko-Taro. the song is about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple. original video has
Lily partridge, 22, died a day after a training session in north tawton, devon. inquest recorded her death was the result of an accident. she died from "an acute bleed" as a result of a trauma and suffered a cardiac arrest
Charlie Austin had two headers saved and hit the post with a shot. Jamie Vardy also had a chance but was tackled by Oriol Romeu. the home side have now won only two of their opening seven league games.
Martha cooper and Henry chalfant published a book called subway art in 1984. the book was to define the era and ensure the genre lived on to be reborn. some of the artists have fared well in the us and Europe, others have spent time in prison.
riot police quelled skirmishes between rival fans just before kick-off in 3-0 win. incidents did not take place in the area where fans who bought tickets from the FA were located. some fans appeared to have purchased tickets for sections of the ground designated for home supporters.
Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the Welsh rugby union. county have a lease to use the ground - and have primacy of fixtures on the venue if they remain in the Football League - until 2023. the WRU's takeover of Newport
1999 open winner has dropped to 424th on the world rankings from a high of 26. the Aberdonian has been putting off an operation on his foot for four or five years. lawrie will be at Castle Stuart this week for the Scottish Open.
Oliver Whiting, 37, of eastbourne, admitted 11 offences of making offensive posts. he took the photos from social media accounts and posted them on adult websites. judge said his violation and degradation of women required punishment.
brawling and boozing feature prominently in the 1952 film, which was shot in county mayo and county galway. an official warned "the theme is not likely to be well received here" an embassy official raised fears it would provoke protests from Irish-Americans.
police found 692 plants worth around £800,000 in a raid last year. proceeds of crime hearing will be held in October. court heard members of the public reported a strong smell of cannabis.
the lawyer was well-known in the city's italian community. clients included crime bosses accused of extortion, drugs and arms offences. gangland feud that claimed at least 28 lives in Melbourne ended more than a decade ago.
a series of abusive tweets were posted on an account on Tuesday, directed to flower. flower received a six-month ban for hitting St Helens stand-off Lance hohaia. one comment on the single account said Flower's "last days are approaching"
australia intercepts all irregular boat migrants and holds them in camps in Papua new guinea. domestic violence campaigner and academic says camps must close. nearly 450 staff at Mr turnbull's former university have expressed concern about claims of torture.
pensioner stopped by police up on the 70mph-limit road near Crawley, west Sussex. officers were alerted by a motorist who had seen the man heading away from the M23. PC Katie Breeds, of Sussex Police, said: "he didn't know where he
South Sudan played their first official friendly, against Uganda, in July 2012. it was only in 2011 that organised football was first played in the country. infantino won last month's Fifa elections to succeed sepp Blatter.
Shay Logan agrees a new three-year contract to remain at Pittodrie. the 29-year-old full-back had been linked with a move back to the uk. he says moving closer to his family was a temptation.
the Welsh national field of remembrance at Cardiff castle features 10,000 wooden crosses. each one carries a message to someone who has died while serving their country. first minister carwyn Jones was among those at the service.
"it's like taking the bar exam at Coachella," he told buzzfeed news. some have labelled his portrayal of female characters as sexist. he denied the accusation that he quit because of specific criticism from campaigning group Feminist Frequency.
the cash comes from chip maker Marvell which became a supporter and sponsor of OLPC in early 2009. the cash will fund development of a tablet version of the XO - the rugged computer designed to boost education in developing nations.
a ruling will allow users and expert analysts to carry out repairs. but changes such as extracting and selling code would still breach copyright. manufacturers, including GM and deere, spoke out in opposition.
world number 71 had chest pains following the second round and called for a medic. he was taken by ambulance to palm beach gardens medical center. tests revealed a mild heart attack and he is scheduled to have more tests this weekend.
meg lanning and alyssa healy top score for australia in semi-final. england lose regular wickets to slump to 127-7. australia will play new zealand or west indies in final.
price of west tex crude sank to $37.65 (£24.99) a barrel, a drop of 5.8%. comes as OPEC - a group of the largest oil producing nations- refused to cut oil production.
the building, opposite the high court, houses the Belfast office of law firm pinsent Masons. it was developed by the property company William Ewart, which has been selling assets. construction of the soloist, designed by Norwegian firm Niels Torp, started during the worst of the property crash
three years ago, the leaders spent considerable time talking about the Arab Spring in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Syria. the most urgent regional transformation is not the middle east, but Ukraine, says daniel treisman. this week the us imposed a new round of sanctions on
the 28-year-old finished on 15 under par, with american Kevin Chappell on 11 under. Graeme McDowell and Rory McIlroy finished at eight and seven under respectively. Justin Thomas finished on 10 under in a tie for third.
cnn's from our own correspondent visits refugee camp in northern syria. 45,000 former residents of the city now live in the UN camp, just to the north-east. the camp carries the marks of the civil war, with tents and shack
our 100 women season showcases two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 100 Women and others who defy stereotypes.
post mortem examinations "ruled out" carbon monoxide poisoning as a cause of death. the alarm was raised by Mrs Boughey's son on Thursday night. it is believed that the pensioners may have been dead for a number of weeks.
the loss of the conservative majority means theresa may will have to compromise more and go for a "softer" Brexit. a tiny majority - or no majority at all - would leave the prime minister having to secure a deal that would satisfy the likes of both sir William cash and
discussions will begin over the summer with the aim of putting health staffing on a statutory basis. first minister Nicola sturgeon will tell the congress that the planned legislation will reinforce patient safety. the RCN welcomed the promise but said it would only work if backed up with
far-right parties failed to pass a 5% barrier to enter parliament, says ed husain. president Petro poroshenko presented a Ukrainian passport to someone who is a "belarusian neo-nazi" experts who follow the far right
eurozone finance ministers will discuss Greece when they meet on Thursday. the meeting is regarded as Greece's last chance to strike a deal with its lenders. but a spokesman said while progress was made on sunday, "significant gaps" remained.
parents took five-year-old to Prague for proton beam therapy without telling staff. sparked public outcry and hospital forced to shut its switchboard. cancer experts say although he is in remission it is too early to say he has been cured.
the council has been consulting on a new protection order for dogs. it would ban them from play areas and sports pitches, and require them to be kept on leads. the RSPCA said the order could create a "negative view of dog ownership"
incident involving a Ford transit minibus and a saab car happened at about 22:15 bst. the woman driver of the minibus was taken to hospital. road reopened in the early hours following initial investigation.
former hartlepool stopper Carson saves two first-half goals for hosts. Gary Roberts and gareth Evans both had early chances for the visitors. Hartlepool had shipped 11 in their last three matches in all competitions.
the loggerhead turtle was affected by the cold, had shell damage and had signs of an infection. after an appeal it is being moved to a special tank at the fresh fish company at la collette. vets have been treating it with antibiotics and fluids and say the turtle has a
hundreds of boys fish for coins thrown into the river during the annual sonepur fair. the devout throw coins in the river as a mark of their devotion and reverence. hawk-eyed boys throw their magnets in the same direction as coins are thrown.
the bill proposes lowering the blood-alcohol concentration limit from 80mg alcohol per 100ml of blood to 50mg. the government says the current limit strikes a balance between safety and personal freedom. for the average man, it would be just under a pint of beer
bodies of sian and her sons were found at the family home in south-east london. the former eastenders star and her children were reported missing on 13 december. concerns about Ms Blake's welfare were passed to the met police before its missing persons inquiry.
the 34-year-old has recently returned from a spell with atletico Kolkata, where he won the Indian Super League. Pearson says the lure of lucrative contracts in india will encourage other players to try their luck over in the sub-continent. however, he says Indian football still cannot compete
maia Collingswood, from barmouth, had a heart transplant in august. doctors realised her condition was serious after her father revealed he had one in 1997. the local community rallied around to ensure they could spend as much time as possible with their daughter.
the 37-year-old american has been hired as a linebacker coach for pre-season. head coach Bruce arians said it didn't matter if a coach was "the green hornet" Welter spent 14 seasons in professional american football.
former MEP spoke a year after the referendum when Wales voted to leave the EU. UKIP MEP Nathan Gill warned against a "con" of a Brexit. Welsh conservative leader Andrew RT Davies said his family faced "abuse"
the president said the money was paid at the same time us hostages were freed. he said the video he saw was of the hostage transfer, not the payment. the president has made a habit of sticking by comments whose veracity has been called into question.
eyewitnesses spoke of a masked man chasing terrified shoppers. police later arrested the 18-year-old suspect. the motive for the attack was not immediately clear.
MLA Jonathan bell said he was told he could not challenge the RHI scheme. the DUP said the claims were "outrageous"
the network claimed there were "no-go areas" in the french capital where police and non-Muslims refused to go. the network has since apologised for making "regrettable errors" on air regarding the Muslim population. deputy mayor Patrick Klugman said the mayor
MPC votes 8-1 to keep rates on hold - the first time for months the decision has not been unanimous. the outlook for inflation is "muted", leading some economists to say a rate rise could now be delayed. but Bank of England governor mark carney said a rise was
Stokes is playing in his first series since becoming the most expensive foreign player in ipl. the 25-year-old was ruled out of the 2014 world twenty20 after punching a locker. he was hit for four sixes in the last over of last year's
veteran labour MP Dennis Skinner has also said he will vote to leave the EU. senior party figures are attempting to mobilise Labour voters to back the Remain campaign. mr Mann said the EU was "broken" and "undemocratic"
the university's digital technology and engineering department will move to the site if permission is granted. the technology park will have places for 500 undergraduate and postgraduate students per year.
Saracens rout french side Oyonnax 24-3 in champions cup clash. penalty try and scores from Alex goode and chris wyles seal victory. Arthur Aziza scores consolation try for french side. new england fly-half
Bruce dewey, 36, was spotted by police as he drove his Honda legend. he was known to only have a provisional driving licence and so was followed. during the chase he dialled 999 and asked police to stop following him.
if you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. you can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share
Keeping up with the Kardashians' star Jenner, formerly known as Bruce, is at number seven on the list. actress, director and humanitarian campaigner Jolie made number three.
Frasers Hospitality is one of the world's biggest providers of high-end serviced apartments. its 148 properties span about 80 capital cities, as well as financial hubs across europe, Asia, the middle east and africa. but as Frasers prepared to open its first two properties in Singapore
Derby County drew 0-0 with Brentford at the liberty stadium on saturday. the result leaves the visitors three points off the relegation zone. despite the draw, Steve McClaren's side are now on a four-game unbeaten run.
Adam ashe, Stuart hogg and Henry Pyrgos have all committed to Warriors until 2019. fellow Scotland internationals mark Bennett, Alex Dunbar, Tommy seymour and Josh Strauss are out of contract this summer. american lock Greg Peterson has signed a new deal at Sco
Albert louie kenny was born late on Wednesday, a week over his due date. the 25-year-old was born alongside husband Jason - a six-time Olympic gold medallist. she announced the arrival on Instagram, with a photo of the pair.
the canoe was found on the southbound carriageway between junctions 30 and 29a. fortunately there were no accidents and it was moved by 09:00 GMT. it is thought to have fallen off a car roof and is now reunited with its owner.
defender joins team-mates michail Antonio, dimitri payet, and cheikhou kouyate. former ipswich town full-back has made 89 appearances for the hammers.
city are bottom of their champions league group and six points behind leaders chelsea. argentine striker has scored 12 goals for city. they have not kept a clean sheet in nine home games.
Manchester airport reports "minor delays to departing aircraft" due to lack of de-icers. Leeds Bradford airport suspends all morning flights but has since reopened. more than 100 schools closed across east Lancashire and oldham.
the remains may be part of a massive emergency burial pit. thousands of plague victims were left 600 years ago. lead archaeologist says the find "solves a 660-year-old mystery"
education minister praises staff's "swift response" to "traumatic situation" vice-principal of the school resuscitated Mr Allen using a defibrillator. his five-year-old son and daughter, geordie, are critically
airlines announce they will no longer transport lion, rhinoceros, leopard, elephant or buffalo remains. they have not, however, given official reasons for their announcements. delta flies direct to a number of sub-Saharan cities and was subject to an online petition.
London has had a representative in super league since its inception in 1996. but the capital's side has never won the league title or the challenge cup. semi-professional side London Skolars were formed in 1995.
the summit will focus on tightening EU borders and aiding neighbours of Syria, from where many migrants come. talks are continuing well into the night, having started just after 19:00 Brussels time (17:00 GMT) the scale of the problem was highlighted again on Wednesday when Croatia revealed that 44,000 migrants
police received "false and malicious information" suggesting officer was to be kidnapped. the 28-year-old officer was arrested on suspicion of misconduct in a public office. two other men, aged 25 and 31, are also being questioned.
one person is in custody on suspicion of driving while intoxicated, police say. 21 people were taken to hospital, five in serious condition, with another seven injured. eyewitness: the driver of the pick-up truck seemed unaware of what he had done. social clubs, known as Kre
comedian used insulting language on the channel 5 dating show. he suggested the resort is filled with "single mothers", the sun reported. southend council and visit southend responded on twitter.
Graze was set up as an internet-based business that posted healthy snacks in cardboard boxes. under the leadership of chief executive Anthony fletcher, the company now enjoys annual sales of more than £70m. the company constantly analyses the 15,000 customer ratings it says it receives
the non-farm payrolls report is the official measure of how many jobs the US economy has added (or lost) in the previous month. no other figure so clearly illustrates that president Obama started his presidency with an economy that wasn't just weak, it was on the verge of collapse.
former archbishop of south africa says he would support assisted dying for terminally ill. comments follow those of ex-archbishop Lord carey, who said he had changed his mind. church of england has called for an inquiry into the issue of assisted dying.
the airline's flights to Sharm el-Sheikh are still suspended. monarch expects annual profits to exceed £40m after cost cuts. the airline made a loss of £94m in the previous year.
Dean Melnyk, 20, of lockerbie, has been found guilty of murdering Kevin macKay. co-accused Andrew brown, 23, of Ecclefechan, had previously admitted the attack. judge Lord Armstrong deferred sentence until June when he will determine eligibility for
Tesla reported a first quarter loss of $282m (£195m) up from $154m last year. production of the Model X rose from 507 in the fourth quarter of 2015 to 2,659 in the first quarter of 2016. the company confirmed it was on track to deliver
gabor's first marriage in 1937 was to Turkish politician Burhan asaf Belge. she later claimed to have had an affair with then president of turkey, Kemal ataturk. gabor then met and married hotel magnate conrad Hilton Senior in 1942.
arscott spent four seasons at Bristol between 2006-2010. the 31-year-old made only seven league appearances for bath. has featured in nine games for the club this term.
schools around england have banned games such as "tag" and "you're it" pupils in birmingham had to leave school after being told they were wearing the wrong shoes. a quarter of 653 school staff surveyed said it had been banned from their school.
PwC's northern Ireland economic outlook says pace of recovery is "decelerating" report says overall unemployment has fallen by more than 10,000 since June 2014. it says poor productivity remains the single biggest challenge to sustained recovery.
a mother has called for an "unreserved apology" from the independent police complaints commission. the IPCC replaced the police complaints authority in 2004. but relatives have often found themselves let down by the way it has handled their cases.
shooting broke out in the canteen at the Kronospan wood processing plant. prosecutors say the shooting took place over a few minutes. five of the injured are reported to be in a serious condition.
businessman is trying to raise £2.5m to build the bronze sculpture. he hopes to raise £1m from the public and the rest through loans. councillors are expected to grant the extension at a meeting on Tuesday.
notts will drop into Division Two next season after losing penultimate fixture to middlesex. newell says relegation in cricket is "about the shame" he will hand first-team duties to ex-england coach Peter Moores.
witness tells court she was picked up from a children's home and abused. she also said she had been taken to blackpool and raped by several men. seven people are on trial over alleged child abuse in Rotherham.
the Pope was celebrating a christmas eve Mass in the basilica in front of about 10,000 people. he will deliver his traditional christmas message later on Friday from the central balcony of St Peter's square. security was tight at the service with police carrying out spot checks in the area.
tohti is an economics scholar who has criticised Beijing's policies towards the uighur minority. he has been detained since January, after he condemned the government's response to a suicide car attack in Tiananmen square. prosecutors presented
mayor was trying out a 45m (150ft) high zip wire at london's Victoria park. he joked: "this is great fun but it needs to go faster" as onlookers snapped photos. prime minister david cameron said London was "
Roy Beerens puts reading ahead with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. garath McCleary wins a free kick on the right wing after a foul in the penalty area. second half ends, reading 0, Fulham 0.
the motorway was closed due to the accident. a new date for the match has yet to be confirmed by uefa.
despite taking an early lead the Teessiders were 3-2 down at half-time. the defeat leaves middlesbrough in 19th place after 30 games.
two armed groups clashed near the mountainous community of Las Varas. three people were detained, the state attorney general's office says. may was the deadliest month in Mexico since 1997, when official statistics began.
Halewood academy in knowsley is closing its sixth form. the academy says its current sixth form is financially unviable. parents have set up a protest page on facebook. knowsley already has among the lowest university entry rates in the country.
this year's 25 additions bring the total number of preserved films to 700. to be eligible for preservation, films must be at least a decade old. the announcement of the Lion King's inclusion comes three months after Disney announced the movie would be remade.
roof of the church caved in on worshippers who had gathered for the ordination of a bishop. those inside included Akwa Ibom state governor who survived the disaster. witnesses said they had seen more than 100 bodies at the local morgue.
moeen took 19 wickets in five Tests against india in 2014. he was less impressive in last week's win over west indies, despite figures of 4-98. the 27-year-old has become key to english attack in less than a year.
Benjamin herman, 80, denies four counts of sex abuse against a girl under 13. he is a former equerry to the duke of edinburgh. the woman told the court: "i am not fantasising, lying or imagining
the Afghans hit their highest ever total of 338 in the Indian venue of greater noida. asghar stanikzai hit 101, his first one-day century.
forest owner turns down offer from premier league side Norwich for forward. assombalonga has scored 19 goals in 39 games for championship side. £13m received from sale of Oliver Burke to RB Leipzig will be reinvested in the club.
boy arrested on suspicion of wounding and carrying a bladed weapon. police say he was found on a train from hereford to malvern at 16:55 BST. a male teacher and 13-year-old girl suffered minor injuries in the attack.
Ryan Wallace drilled a low shot into the bottom corner with 15 minutes left. the lead last just two minutes as Ross Davidson got the last touch on a free-kick into the area.
pro boxers will compete in the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro if a constitutional change is agreed next month. former junior gold medallist michael tyson says some pro fighters are going to get beat by the amateurs.
anzac day commemorates the first major battle involving australian and new zealand forces during world war one. a service was also held at Westminster Abbey, a year after the gallipoli landings. veterans' associations, service and ex-service personal and their families took
the sanctions focus upon suppliers to Iran's missile programme and groups that help to arm what Washington sees as terror organisations in the region. the sanctions sends a clear warning to Tehran the guard has changed in washington. for the Obama administration, restraining Iran’s nuclear activities was the
entries for all candidates in england, northern ireland and wales are down 0.7% on last year. in England the overall entry for GCSEs in England increased slightly from 4,916,000 in 2015 to 4,929,000 this year. early entries fell for the second year running in
three operators have been shortlisted for the Northern Rail franchise and three for First TransPennine Express (TPE) the franchises connect passengers travelling between the key strategic cities of Leeds, Liverpool, Sheffield, Manchester, Newcastle and Carlisle. rail minister Claire Perry promised a "world-class rail
boat carrying a father, his teenage daughter and her two friends capsized. specialist divers are at the scene and are expected to remove the boat. the four were taken to Torbay hospital.
victims of clerical child abuse and former residents of magdalene laundry-style institutions in northern ireland are excluded from the remit of the inquiry. the inquiry, chaired by retired judge sir. Anthony hart, was set up by the stormont executive and is
net income fell to $3.11bn (£2.03bn) compared with a year ago for the firm. as its PC business continued to slow, the firm said demand for its server-chips was slowing.
prime minister says "brutal terrorists" can only be defeated if countries unite against "common enemy" he is to raise the issue in meetings with the leaders of both countries during the four-day trip. about 500 people from Indonesia and about 200 from Malaysia have joined IS in Iraq and Syria
the money is from its £74m capital reserves. it is the latest part of a £13m loan package to attract new airlines. airbus will get £2.7m for training facilities at Swansea university.
"i am a first-time mum, my little boy is 10 months now, and parenting is really hard" the first letter was left after she dropped her shopping in the supermarket. "there must be another mother who is going to feel this way," she said.
female suicide bomber kills at least 10 people in neighbouring state of Yobe. residents say militants drove into towns and began shooting, looting and burning houses. witness: girl detonated explosives in the middle of traders and customers.
midwife-led community maternity unit to be in place at caithness general hospital. majority of births at the hospital do not require obstetrics. complex pregnancies to be handled by "strengthened" services at Raigmore hospital in inverness
curriculum for excellence aims to give teachers more freedom and make lessons less prescriptive. education secretary says the current system is not being largely re-written. changes will be introduced for children in their first year of secondary school.
the two-page note was written to author Betty shew by the 21-year-old princess in 1947. describes how the couple met, were chased by a photographer and danced at nightclubs. it was given a pre-auction estimate of £800 to £1,200
Plaid Cymru leader emma wood speaks to sixth formers at a college in the Rhondda. she says being a traditional labour stronghold has held the area back. "the polls are not where I would like them to be at the moment," she
study measured poisonous nitrogen dioxide (NO2) levels using 40 sensors in and around airport. it then used modelling to predict what would happen in the future. air pollution levels have climbed above european health limits at several sites near heathrow.
the Davis Cup final is due to start on friday in Ghent, 35 miles from Brussels. the Belgian capital is under the country's highest security alert. itf chief executive says he has "not yet had a signal that it's not safe to organise
plane overshot runway at airport in ghana. plane collided with minivan, killing 10 passengers. four crew members survived the crash.
denise Antonia, 33, of appledore road, was cleared of murder but found guilty of assisting an offender. she was jailed for five years. Jonathan Ellison was found dead in his flat in Gloucester street on 8 April 2011.
the 29-year-old is one of the youngest people in northern ireland to hold ministerial portfolio. graduated from queen's university with a bachelor of arts degree in politics. former prison officer's daughter has assumed ultimate responsibility for the prison service.
the al-qadi family buy 92% stake in promotion-chasing league two club. the pirates are five points outside the league two automatic promotion places. manager john ward says he did not find out about the takeover until friday.
dentsu accused of violating labour standards after matsuri Takahashi, 24, killed herself. friends said she claimed to be so busy she slept just 10 hours a week. death from overwork is relatively common in Japan, where it has its own word: karoshi
the reigning premier league champions lost at home to burnley on saturday. it's been eight years since a side staged a successful defence of the title. four of the six title-winning managers before Antonio conte were sacked.
last month, a part of the motorway collapsed and it has been total chaos. there is a suspension bridge over the Volta River at Adomi. if you see a house being painted anywhere in Ghana, you can safely assume that someone has died.
man collapses while riding on the A5 near Chirk, Wrexham, on sunday. north Wales police said officers attended, along with a road and air ambulance. the cyclist had been raising money for the Douglas Macmillan hospice.
trainer John Jenkins defends owner's decision to run 1,000-1 outsider diore lia. owner-breeder Richard aylward keen to let filly take her chance to generate publicity. cracksman is the favourite to win the classic on 3 June.
manufacturing Purchasing managers' index fell to 49.2 from 50.7 in march. it is the first time activity in the sector has fallen since march 2013. firms blame soft domestic demand, a fall in new business from overseas and uncertainty ahead of the EU referendum.
a masked gunman opened fire at a bar in the capital, killing a french national, witnesses say. a Belgian security official working for the EU and three malians also died in the attack. it is not clear who carried out the attack, but al-Qaeda-linked
the 34-year-old striker's contract with french champions expires in the summer. he has been linked with manchester united, los angeles galaxy and AC Milan. Ibrahimovic is the club's record goalscorer despite only joining in 2012.
former reds captain to return to his former club as a youth coach in february. the 36-year-old will be his first job since retiring from international football. he made his debut in 1998 and left anfield at the end of the 2014-15 season.
the 35-year-old has been without a club since at the end of last season. Morrison scored nine goals in 36 games for ireland at the 2002 world cup. the striker is available to play for Exeter in their league two game on friday.
football was the overall winner in the attendance stakes at 43.4 million. rugby union attendances, boosted by 2.5 million fans at the rugby world cup, climbed to 7.5 million. the 10 most popular individual sporting events of 2015 had a combined attendance of 2.5 million.
Jackie Stokes said she spent £9,500 on implants in Hungary. investigation found treatment plan caused "irreversible damage to otherwise healthy teeth" clinic said it "always puts patients first" and treated her with extra care.
32 people died when the cruise ship hit rocks off the Tuscan island of Giglio in 2012. capt Schettino was also convicted of causing the shipwreck and abandoning ship. he has accepted some responsibility but denies the criminal charges.
six of the 12 British Olympians who won more than one medal at London 2012 were younger than 26. gymnasts Louis Smith, 23,and max Whitlock, 19,both picked up two medals. many of GB's gold medallists can be expected to fight for their place,
the 23-year-old could be tempted to take up mixed martial arts (MMA) after competing at Tokyo 2020. after winning bronze for the united states in judo at Beijing 2008, Ronda Rousey became a fighter in the ultimate fighting championship (UFC).
the work is formed of diptychs, with each person posed in their own clothing and their workwear. the aim is to see how a viewer responds to the uniform and how it shapes their perception of that person.
wells scored 373 runs at 28.69 - with a strike rate of 138.66. the 23-year-old impressed in the T20 Blast last season. wells: "the environment created by the coaches is of elite performance"
Wales and borders franchise expires in 2018. economy minister Ken Skates had said Arriva's profits were "too high" the firm has a zero growth contract - which means it has same number of trains.
Phab2Pro's sensors allow it to make sense of objects and close-by spaces. Moto z uses magnets to add optional hardware modules to the phone's rear including a speaker and a projector. analysts said the innovations might prove a tough sell.
many in the Baltics are alarmed that history may repeat itself. they fear that with Russian troops now in nearby Ukraine, they may be next. the veterans and their supporters are accused of being nazi sympathisers.
a yellow "be ready" warning is also in place for Ceredigion, Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, Anglesey, Powys and Wrexham. NRW has issued river flood alerts due to rising
mr cunha was for many years one of Brazil's most powerful politicians. he led the impeachment process against president Dilma Rousseff, dismissed in august. arrested in the capital, brasilia, and transferred to the southern city of curitib
turning points explores the moment when six people's lives change forever. made for London 2012 festival, a nationwide arts event bringing together leading artists. produced and directed by Chris Tally Evans, from Rhayader, powys.
first minister says he didn't see the letter before it was published on Wednesday. "this is unacceptable and is the culmination of a deeply frustrating process," he says. Welsh secretary alun Cairns hits back: "i'm a bit disappointed in that"
up to 70 personnel will join a contingent supporting african union troops fighting al-Shabab. up to 300 could also be deployed in south Sudan over time, the pm says. he says the approach could help curb migrants coming to Europe.
howe has overseen three of the club's six promotions since he was first appointed. the new deal is believed to take howe through until 2020. he had two-and-a-half years left on his previous contract with the club.
artis sterkis, 37, collapsed on the Peterhead-registered starlight rays. he was taken to hospital by rescue helicopter, but never regained consciousness. captain bill Bennett, of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, said: 'the danger
David Jones said he backed proposals for "english votes for english laws" but he said it was important to define clearly what those issues were. the government says it is bringing about constitutional reform to serve all parts of uk.
a "terrorist hide" was uncovered at Capanagh forest near larne. the main line of police inquiry is the arms belonged to dissident republicans. police found an armour-piercing improvised rocket and two anti-personnel
truck said to have exploded as it was off-loading butane cooking gas. reports vary from 35 to more than 100 people killed, including factory workers and neighbours. witnesses say the explosion caused a huge fire that firefighters and residents took several hours to put out.
1453 - Sultan Mehmed II the Magnificent captures Constantinople, ending byzantine empire. 15th-16th centuries - Expansion into Asia and africa. 19th century - Efforts at political and economic modernisation of Empire largely founder
Wales are third in group d after dredging Austria, Georgia and Serbia. the side finishing top qualify automatically for next year's world cup in Russia. eight of the nine second-placed teams face play-offs to reach world cup.
former nfl star is appealing his 2007 conviction for robbing a las vegas hotel room. he says his defence lawyer, Yale galanter, was ineffective at the subsequent trial. Simpson was acquitted in 1995 of the murder of his former wife
the 29-year-old Irishman is expected to sign for hearts next week. he has negotiated an early release from his contract with the english club. hearts need to register players for the Europa league 10 days before 30 June.
the 28-year-old was withdrawn from this year's race because of possible irregularities in his biological passport. but the rider's Tinkoff-Saxo team said that he is now free to continue racing. Kreuziger began 2014 by finishing third at the Tir
Joseph Mulhern was abducted and shot by the IRA in 1993. he was found on a remote hillside on the border between counties Tyrone and donegal. the 23-year-old's family believe his death will feature in the Stakeknife inquiry
Martin Godfrey said he had never supplied Tesco and was surprised to find the picture being used on the supermarket chain's website. he said the picture was originally taken when he was working for Shillingford organics near Exeter, but was later sold on as a stock image
facebook and other tech giants have pledged their support for digital india. the initiative is aimed at reinvigorating an $18bn (£11.6bn) campaign to strengthen india's digital infrastructure. but some in india are concerned about what facebook's real india ambitions
57-year-old will take over from former striker mido, who was sacked two weeks ago. McLeish left Genk last summer after a season with the Belgian club. mido's second spell with the club lasted just 37 days and seven games.
UN report says eritrea may have committed crimes against humanity. it says the government may have a shoot-to-kill policy on its borders. foreign ministry says the allegations are "totally unfounded and devoid of all merit"
two men come to blows in front of a stationary bus in Norwich city centre. bus operator stagecoach said a driver had been suspended. no arrests have been made.
Rees starred as the spirited servant demelza, who married cornish tin mine owner. it became one of the most successful drama shows on british television. she turned her back on acting when her eldest son was killed in a car crash.
district heating sees large boilers provide heat for entire districts through a network of pipes. the system is popular in several other european countries. less than 4% of Scotland's heat demand is delivered by renewables, with just 1% by district heating.
move is partly aimed at increasing recycling rates to meet Welsh government targets. report to council's cabinet said if enforcement action fails, it will reconsider introducing three-weekly bin collections. from June 2017, all rubbish will need to go into wheelie bins and anything else will not be collected
Meghan ambrozevich-blair, 26, died following a collision near Dunbar in east lothian. the student, who was engaged, was at Edinburgh Napier university. her family said: "we are extremely proud of our daughter's achievement"
ancient cities around the mediterranean and adriatic are on the front line. budget airlines and giant cruise ships unload ever-growing armies of tourists. dubrovnik has a particular problem because its ancient appeal has been bolstered by the HBO mini
glass butter beach was supposed to run from Friday to Sunday at Abersoch, Gwynedd. but organisers have cancelled Saturday's event due to "extremely severe weather conditions" a yellow "be aware" warning is in place for every council area in Wales until 21:00 B
the competition finishes on 29 may in the same stadium. there are eight teams taking part, facing each other twice. the top four sides qualify for the play-offs.
google's project loon team said it was now able to use machine learning to predict weather systems. clustering a small number of balloons greatly reduces the cost of the idea. the firm's aim is to provide connectivity to the around four billion people in the world who do not have
Telford and wrekin council is putting together a planning application for a one million sq ft development at the site. donnington provides logistics support for the army, handling military equipment and weapons. councillor bill McClements said it was a great opportunity for both the
the 'drug dealers don't care, do you?' campaign ran from february to April. the PSNI arrested 357 people and seized £44,000 in cash.
mother-of-five, 37, suffocated her children before hanging herself, inquest hears. her other children were safe at the home of a relative, coroner tells inquest. inquest in caernarfon records verdicts of suicide and unlawful
police were called to the property in Thornhill road at about 11:00 on Saturday. the death is being treated as unexplained and a post-mortem examination will be held. a disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats.
migration watch report says work permits would cut net migration from 180,000 to 65,000 a year. but pro-EU campaigner James McGrory called the report "disingenuous" he said it was "another example of fudging the facts"
Defra says it is happy that "the judge has ruled on our favour" judge refuses to make any declaration, or to order Mrs Spelman to outline plans for cutting pollution levels. government lawyers challenged the claim and said no High Court order was needed.
a judge has allowed lawyers to present new evidence for the first time since his conviction. lawyers are trying to reopen the case based on some of the questions raised in the Serial podcast. prosecutors relied heavily on mobile phone records that allegedly placed Syed at a park.
the objects were hidden by artist Luke Jerram for his installation treasure city. a replica Viking brooch was found in a wall in Kingsway Gardens, Scunthorpe. each of the objects is worth more than £1,000.
Dale Pike, 25, "stood and watched" as gareth Pugh dived into a lake. Pugh lost his breathing equipment and drowned in the water in 2016. he was found with his feet pointing upwards, weighed down by a weight
firefighters were called to a home in marlborough road just after 22:00 GMT on saturday. a man was removed from the home by firefighters, but later died in hospital. the cause of the fire is being investigated by Oxfordshire fire and rescue service and Thames valley police
Llorente has scored five goals in his last six games to help the Swansea city pull five points clear of the relegation zone. the 32-year-old has scored 11 goals for the club since taking over in january. right-back Kyle Naughton will
permanent secretary in the department of finance can take control if a budget act has not been passed at least three working days before the end of the financial year. if there is still no deal that official then has the right to spend an amount equivalent to 95% of this year's budget. that
Richard Ratcliffe will celebrate his daughter's second birthday near the Iranian embassy. his wife Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 37, was arrested on 3 April at an airport in Iran after visiting her family. under Iranian law only her father or mother can bring the toddler home
human stem cells have been injected into pig embryos to produce chimeras. chimeric embryos are part of research aimed at overcoming worldwide shortage of transplant organs. the embryos should look and behave like normal pigs except that one organ will be composed of human cells.
video journalist: tendai msiyazviriyo.
to kill a mockingbird was published 50 years ago this summer. it remains the only novel by the 84-year-old author. her close friend says she once told him why she stopped writing.
caerphilly council accused of lacking "christmas cheer" by opposition. council leader Keith Reynolds said it has made cuts to protect key services. ruling labour group said decision was taken "reluctantly"
billionaire owner said in April she would sell the club following poor results. 63-year-old philippe coutinho wants to make Marseille a champion again. no fee has yet been disclosed for the sale of the french club.
four-time gold medal winner polled the most number of votes among the 542 members of the British team. hoy is the first cyclist to have the honour of carrying the British flag at an opening ceremony. the 36-year-old will compete in the team sprint and keirin
amina al-jeffery, 21, was taken to jeddah in 2012 by her father, Mohammed, who said he did it to "save her life". her father has denied the allegations at the high court. but the judge said she had been "deprived of her liberty
pan gyhoeddwyd canlyniad y bleidlais ym Mrwsel nos Fawrth, fe ddaeth Derwen Brimmon - coeden tua 500
commons leader says change will bring "real fairness to our constitutional arrangements" snp leader Nicola sturgeon calls the plan "staggering in the extent... of its hypocrisy" labour says it is an "outrage" that ministers want to rush into "pro
children of minority families do not get enough support to learn cantonese. this is putting them behind in school and causing long-term problems in the jobs market. hong kong is home to 365,000 ethnic minority people, making up 6% of its population.
the Northern Ireland Executive must demonstrate its finances are on a sustainable footing. a potential £490m blunder over the renewable heat incentive could undermine that. the crisis has put other hurdles to the policy, including a rate recommended by the finance minister.
the city council wants to add an extra 700 spaces to the east of the seacourt site. proposals include a new waiting area building and increased cycle parking. work could start in spring 2016 with the complex anticipated to be open in summer 2017.
government spokesman calls the reports "lies" and says homosexual people "simply don't exist in the republic" the mainly Muslim region is run by Ramzan Kadyrov, an authoritarian leader with a notorious private militia.
Rosberg has won the first three races of the season to build a commanding 36-point lead. Hamilton has finished second, third and seventh in the races so far. new rules give the drivers more control at starts, reducing technical assistance.
bloggers with more than 3,000 daily readers must register with mass media regulator. social networks must maintain six months of data on its users. information must be stored on servers based in Russian territory.
Chinese nationals illegally living in spain paid ring €8,000 ($8,960; £6,820) each to obtain fake contracts as domestic workers. ringleaders, a Chinese couple, allegedly paid employers between €1,500 and €2,000. most of the employers allegedly involved are
german train stabbing: who were the victims? calls in germany for tighter gun laws.
former england boss says he would be delighted to return to the club. the 47-year-old led forest to successive play-off campaigns before being sacked. forest have scored just 22 goals in 27 Championship games this season.
Ethiopia's Muktar Edris wins gold as Britain's men win 4x100m relay gold. four-time olympic champion farah takes silver in his final major track championships. he will finish his track career with a record of 10 golds and
Ivan Cameron, who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy, died in hospital aged six. he was born in 2002, and became prime minister the year after he died. the couple have three other children; Nancy, Arthur and Florence.
a woman in Stranraer has lost money to a caller who said he was contacting her about problems with her internet. he claimed to be from BT technical support and gained remote access to her computer. the Sandyhills incident happened on 15 September with the Stran
Fr Alec Reid, 82, died in a Dublin Hospital at 06:40 GMT on friday. he was one of the witnesses who confirmed the decommissioning of IRA weapons. Fr Reid was involved in talks with basque nationalists seeking independence from spain. in
Bayern overturn a 3-1 first-leg deficit against porto, winning 6-1 to advance 7-4 on aggregate. the germans scored five goals in a thrilling first half at the allianz arena. striker Robert lewandowski scored two and captain xabi alonso
a working group is investigating what role DPOs could play in securing the industry's future in Wales. it would involve small family farms across Wales linking up to talk with milk processors as one legal entity. the main purpose of a DPO is to negotiate terms and conditions of supply
a woman, a man in his 30s and two girls aged three and five were involved in the accident. the woman, 37, from london, died at the scene while the younger girl later died of her injuries.
world football's governing body passes anti-racism resolution at congress. 99% of members voted in favour of the measures. first or minor offences will result in a warning, fine or order for a match to be played behind closed doors. serious or repeat offences can
the 46-year-old succeeds Ronnie Moore, who parted company with the club. this is a first managerial role for hignett, who had a spell as assistant manager in 2013-14. he will take charge of the team for the first time when they host Yeovil
the blaze broke at an address in west hill road, st leonards. the body of a man, believed to be in his 70s, was found inside the house.
the 51-year-old man was arrested in north Yorkshire on Wednesday. he was bailed pending further inquiries. the vicar has been suspended for the duration of the investigation.
44-year-old referee steve o'neill will take part in 2019 world cup in japan. Owens was the oldest of the 12 chosen for the tournament. new zealand beat australia 34-17 in saturday's final at Twickenham
post-mortem examination finds he died of bullet wounds, not the beating. a prison officer, a soldier and two civilians were charged with aggravated battery. the beating happened at the time of a deadly attack by an Israeli Arab.
former AC Milan and real madrid midfielder will replace Douglas Costa. the 34-year-old has been a regular in coach dunga's squads. he has won 91 caps and scored 29 goals for his country.
three-times winners arsenal will face notts county ladies in the final at Rotherham. marta corredera opened the scoring for the hosts before Dan Carter doubled their lead. Alex Scott made it 3-0 straight after half-time, before Kirsty Linnett pulled one
Dywedodd Ofcom eu bod wedi ailhysbysebu'r drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol yn Abertawe am nad oedd
the move is part of police Scotland's cost-cutting plan to centralise control rooms. if a decision is taken at a board meeting on 22 march it is thought likely that the centre will close quickly afterwards.
Craig Harvey, 31, denies assaulting consultant radiologist Marcel Strauss at wishaw general. also accused of assaulting a prison officer and wrestling with three others. due to stand trial on 27 September at the high court in livingston.
AMs Jenny Rathbone and Mike Hedges are applying separately to take part in a ballot. if they win, they will be able to propose a bill to ban the fees. one letting agent said a ban could hit efforts to professionalise the sector.
plastic surgeons said they were already using a two-week cooling-off period. in 2013, a report highlighted the risks associated with the cosmetic sector. the final GMC guidance is expected to be published in early 2016.
blackburn beat arsenal 1-0 at ewood park to reach the quarter-finals of the fa cup. championship side Kazim-richards scores the only goal of the game. theo Walcott is denied late on as arsenal's hopes of winning silverware are dented
howler monkeys are named for their impressive howling roars. their anatomical musical instrument is a bone in their throat called the hyoid bone. scientists have found that different species face a trade-off between vocal tract size and testes size.
Christina Rees is the fifth appointment to the role since the 2015 general election. she replaces Jo Stevens, who resigned last month in protest at an instruction that labour MPs should back the bill to trigger Brexit.
Marcel lazar, known online as "guccifer", pleaded guilty in may on charges of aggravated identify theft and unauthorised access of a computer. the 44-year-old inadvertently uncovered democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's private email account in 2013.
arrivala trains wants to iron out issues before 74,000 people attend the champions league final in 2017. Usually it is closed after big events, with all people attending rugby and football matches and pop concerts using Cardiff central only. assembly members called for urgent change after people were left waiting for hours in long queue
survivors' groups have criticised a lack of progress in the work of the inquiry. the probe will cover abuse within living memory up to 17 December, 2014. it will examine the effects of abuse on children and their families.
Naseeruddin mansuri was hailed a hero for rushing to defend Rajnish Thakur. the attacker charged at Mr Thakur in his shop in Mumbai's Chembur neighbourhood. police have arrested the attacker and named him as Akram sheikh.
target to meet growing demand for Welsh-speaking teachers and public sector workers will be set. culture committee chairwoman said 70% more Welsh-medium teachers needed. minister said around a third of teachers in Wales could speak Welsh.
the trust responsible said it "remains appalled" by the events and apologised. grant Clarke, 43, suffered a devastating brain haemorrhage in may 2012. he was paralysed down his left side, doubly incontinent and unable to
council says residents' efforts have helped them reach target of recycling 50% of household waste early. items that can be taken to the recycle centres include wood, metal, televisions, mobile phones, low-energy light bulbs, fluorescent tubes and clothes.
"the people of france will not take much more of this," president tweets. he is predicting the shooting will be a boost for french nationalist candidate marine le pen. former president Barack Obama spoke with another leading french candidate, hollande.
staff sgt Robert Bales, who was sent to Iraq three times, returned to the u.s. his lawyer, John Henry browne, has said the accused could be suffering from PTSD. an investigation is currently under way at the base's madigan army medical center.
the drive-time show presenter said he was "completely honoured" father Ted co-writer Graham linehan and broadcaster Dame Jenni Murray are also receiving degrees. other names being recognised include comedian Arthur Smith and actor Samuel west.
Beach Buddies co-ordinates weekly operations around the island's coast. the government awarded the grant and said its work had "encouraged more people to use the outdoors"
world number 111 wins 6-7 (5-7) 5-7 6-3 7-6 (7-3) 15-13 in first match in scotland. british captain Leon Smith says: "it's really tough for the us now at two matches down" the best-of-five tie continues
the underwater forest was discovered by Dawn Watson and Rob Spray on a diving trip to study marine life. experts believe the forest could date back more than 10,000 years.
Scott flynn was spotted putting two packages in his mouth at police headquarters. he planned on taking the drugs into Perth prison to pay off a debt. the 31-year-old admitted charges of theft, vandalism and being concerned in the supply of drugs.
south Wales police received a call at about 13:30 BST after concerns about the safe storage of chemicals. a controlled explosion took place and nobody was injured. the university said the move at singleton park was "precautionary"
revenue totalled $23.5bn (£15.2bn), up 57% on the previous year. earnings driven by an influx of gamblers from mainland china. in 2007 gambling revenue overtook that of the Las Vegas Strip in the us.
many of the new pieces are inspired by the migrant crisis on the Greek island, which is the main european entry point for Iraqi and Syrian refugees. the exhibition, at the Museum of Cycladic art in athens, includes an huge collage of 12,030 small pictures taken on the artist's
former civil servant sir John Chilcot will appear before commons liaison committee. report criticised Tony Blair and his government's case for going to war in 2003. it took seven years to complete and did not attempt to reach a verdict on military action.
Matthew Williams, 34, ei saethu gwn Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach. PC Kelda Griffiths oedd y c
the pound started to rise just before the first results came in as traders predicted a win for the Remain side. but as reality sank in and the Leave side pulled away the currency went into freefall touching lows of $1.30. the value of a nation's currency is
public accounts committee says whistleblowers subjected to bullying and harassment. report calls for "swift sanctions" to be imposed on staff who victimise them. government says it is acting to ensure people feel free to speak out.
the annual event is organised by WWF, the global environment campaign. it encourages cities and individuals to switch off non-essential lights for an hour. critics have dismissed the campaign as a gimmick of little or no practical benefit. this year, Russian president Vladimir Putin is
thousands of mourners packed into the 22-year-old's old high school in ohio. after the funeral, mourners stood to watch the cortege pass and disappear. mourners wore blue and white ribbons - the school's colours - to honour
"it's embarrassing that you can't get up for a match at the world championship," says maguire. the 35-year-old loses 10-7 to fellow Scot Alan McManus at the Crucible. it is his fourth consecutive first-round defeat in Sheffield.
the right-wing alternative fuer Deutschland came second in the chancellor's home state of mecklenburg-west pomerania, polling 21%. the election was seen as a significant test ahead of next year's general election - all about her refugee policy.
mortality could rise further as tobacco companies aggressively target new markets. nearly one billion people smoked daily in 2015 - one in four men and one in 20 women. population growth meant there was an increase in the overall number of smokers.
f1 supremo likens sport to a rock concert at which band could not perform. the 85-year-old says decision-making process in sport is "obsolete and ill-structured" on qualifying, he blames governing body the FIA for
Tata Steel admitted releasing a quantity of benzole, exposing five workers to risk of death from flammable vapours coming off it. the company was fined £930,000 and ordered to pay costs of £70,000, at a hearing at Hull crown court.
Sinn Fin, the UUP, alliance and the SDLP will hold separate meetings with theresa may. she has already held talks with the DUP this week about a deal to support her minority government. Jeremy Corbyn has demanded details of any conservative-DUP deal
four Taliban gunmen killed in gunfight on the outskirts of quetta, source says. Taliban spokesman categorically denied the gunfight happened. appointment of Mullah mansour prompted splits in the Taliban after founder's death.
Paul pass, 49, was stabbed in his flat in Gloucester last October by the pair. they used it as a drug-dealing base. Bilal Moosajee, 19, of Gloucester, was jailed for nine years.
a 25-year-old man was found dead inside a bungalow in ashby de la zouch, leicestershire. his ex-partner, 25, had suffered "extensive injuries" and was airlifted to hospital. an inquest into his death has
a 32-year-old man was found injured and taken to the Argyll arcade. he has been arrested and detained.
police had warned supporters to behave at the racecourse and later confirmed there were no arrests at the match which ended 0-0. it is the fourth year the fixture has been marked as a "bubble match" - meaning supporters will be kept apart.
the 27-year-old is the first player to join the club since Thomas Christiansen was appointed head coach last week. the polish international has previously had spells in his homeland and germany.
it was poured onto the front archway of the hall in Clifton street. police have appealed for information and have asked witnesses to contact them.
uk officials say the bill for policing the embassy, which stands at £12m, is "unacceptable" the bill comes after Swedish prosecutors dropped two sex assault claims against him. the Wikileaks co-founder sought asylum in 2012 to avoid extradition to
all sides are now moving away from rigid positions taken when Syria's uprising erupted four years ago. ideas emerging from arab and western capitals include a ceasefire, an amnesty for forces. there's talk of a transition that could last up to two years
the 22-year-old scored four goals in 36 appearances last season for wrexham. he is Barnsley's third signing for next season ahead of the play-off final.
goalball is a sport for the visually impaired involving a ball with bells. there are suspicions the Algeria team wanted to boycott the match against Israel. the team claims to have missed a bus which led to them missing a flight.
australia detains migrants trying to reach its shores by boat, and takes them to offshore processing camps to be eventually resettled elsewhere. on Thursday, the new york times described the policy as "brutal" and "inhumane" on Friday, Mr Abbott said the image of Syrian three-year
tennis court at anmer house would be moved to improve views from hall. court would be resurfaced with astroturf. application lodged by the estate office at Sandringham.
20,000 refugees due to be taken in by 2020. need for 10,664 school places and 4,930 homes. 118 local authorities have volunteered to resettle families.
the man was chased and kicked in the head by a group of men. he was later treated in hospital for facial injuries. police have appealed for information about the incident.
esa has signed a contract with astrium to build the satellite, for a launch in 2017. the spacecraft will fly as close as 42 million km from the sun. its mission is designed to enhance our understanding of how the sun influences its environment.
scotland's first minister Nicola sturgeon says she will push the button on a second independence referendum. scottish prime minister theresa may has to grant a vote under the law. the question first is whether or not the prime minister is willing to
the NI composite economic index (NICEI) showed growth of 0.3%. compared to the same period in 2013 the economy has grown by 1.2%. the number of people claiming jobseekers allowance down again in September.
the first Scottish boat race took place on the river Clyde in 1877. it is the third oldest race of its kind in the world, just behind Oxford-Cambridge and the Yale-Harvard regatta in the u.s. students from a wide variety of courses are taking
net mortgage lending falls to £2.4bn in the first quarter, down from £3.5bn a year earlier. nationwide's profits for the quarter fell 20% to £322m, after last year's results were helped by a one-off gain. the building society had a
the "black box" of the su-24 jet was officially opened in Moscow on friday. data from the box could help resolve the dispute over the jet's location. an analysis is expected to be released next week.
the 23-year-old has been playing club cricket in the east afp league this season. he has previously played first-class cricket for northerns in south africa. the south african-born batsman could make his first-team debut on friday.
family warn of dangers of barbecues on beaches to prevent it happening to anyone else. codie McDowell was left screaming with pain after the accident in east sussex. but council says disposal barbecues are banned from the beach.
former welfare minister will warn the referendum could be "the second-longest suicide note in labour's history" he will say the poll poses "an untold danger" for his party's prospects of power. former home secretary Alan Johnson will tell union members that EU membership is "vital"
victim suffered a serious head injury in the attack at an address in Heysham. she was taken to hospital where she remains in a critical but stable condition. a 57-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
fifa president sepp blatter says he is not done after eight-year ban from football. the 79-year-old insists he has never lost his mind during his 17-year tenure. he says women players should play in more feminine clothes like in volleyball
two-year-old Lane Thomas Graves was dragged underwater by an alligator. wildlife officials classified the killing as a predatory attack. a lighthouse has been installed near to where the attack occurred.
former justice secretary says he regrets standing for the tory leadership. he said he made "mistakes" in the way he withdrew support from Boris Johnson. the 49-year-old said his decision had placed a "significant strain" on his relationship
unless the home office opts in, the UK will lose membership by may 2017. the Lord Advocate is meeting MEPs and senior lawyers in Brussels on Wednesday. he said participation in Europol and Eurojust was in Scotland's vital interest.
Khan has been charged with culpable homicide by the Mumbai court. he recently told the court he was not driving on the night of the incident. the actor also said his driver Altaf was driving the car when the crash occurred.
residents of the 400 homes in Kingsmere have put up posters warning potential newcomers of the issue. developers countryside properties said it had provided ducting for the cables. BT said it proposed sharing the £45,000 cost of providing fibre-optic broadband.
"as an australian I should have minded my own business," alqudsi tells court. he faces a maximum 10 years in jail for seven counts of providing services with the intention of supporting hostile acts. two of the seven men he helped were killed in Syria.
doctors' union calls for more funding to allow GPs to spend at least 15 minutes with each patient. NHS England said consultation lengths were up to doctors and there were no national limits suggesting 10 minutes. the BMA called for a reorganisation and warned that gps faced "un
new "boutique" distillers pushing big brands off the shelf, says accountancy group. in england, a record 35 new distilleries were opened last year compared to 28 the previous year. the quality of the product is "streets ahead of their big brand competitors"
experts fear the UK Treasury could cut the block grant based on revenue predictions inflated by the London property market. control of property and landfill taxes passes to Wales in April 2018. negotiations are due to begin in the autumn over how much the grant will be cut.
relatives of 304 people killed when ferry sank off south korean island. divers have recovered all but nine of the bodies. government says salvaging the ship will cost $110m (£74m) relatives say the ship must be raised and their remains found.
Richard Davies, 41, died of a single gunshot wound to the chest in october 2015. inquest heard he "wanted to end his life" after learning his marriage was over. his widow said she had a text from her child saying they were tied up.
Hatton and fitzpatrick are tied with australia's marc leishman (71) at bay hill. world number three Rory McIlroy moves up to a tie for eighth after a seven-under-par 65. american leaders Charlie Hoffman (71) and Kevin Kisner
LLAL is in talks with planners about increasing passenger numbers from its current annual 11.5 million. it already has plans, revealed in January, to increase footfall to 18 million passengers a year. the new proposal has been criticised by hertfordshire county council.
local authorities have no statutory duty to fund and maintain public parks. report argues housing demand is also putting parks at risk. local government association says councils have to balance spending against other priorities.
a year after winning the elections, the pm appears to have strengthened his social media outreach with new accounts on Instagram, china's twitter-like service weibo and viber chat forum. the jury is out on the impact of Mr Modi's use of social media on his election campaign
Professor Arthur boycott attended Hereford cathedral school between 1886 and 1894. he borrowed the microscope and its Revelations, by dr. william b. carr. boycott was a distinguished naturalist and pathologist.
Clucas scored six goals in 52 appearances last season as Hull won promotion from the championship. the 25-year-old joined the club from league one side Chesterfield for a reported £1.3m.
the family of Valentina milluzzo say the doctor treating her refused to abort the foetuses. they allege that the gynaecologist said: "as long as it's alive, I will not intervene" the hospital has categorically
the company had been charged with managing subscriptions and fan records. 75% of profits went to the musicians. the legal action was filed in Cook county circuit court.
the 21-year-old australian beat world number 29 querrey 6-4 6-4 in 53 minutes. he is ranked a career-high 12th in the world and is closing in on the top 10. "it was just tough. maybe I just wanted to get the job
the victim reported the rape to police in 2002 but no action was taken. police said the woman had "suffered for years" and been ostracised by family. a 59-year-old man was arrested and bailed in connection with the incident.
the Port of Grangemouth container terminal is being resurfaced under a £1.5m investment programme by owners forth ports. the surface upgrade would increase the terminal's total capacity to 12,000 containers. a feasibility study has also been launched on deepening the port's
alium was introduced as a garden plant but escaped and is now rampant in woods and hedgerows. plant expert Jane Gilmour from the Biological Records Centre is advising gardeners to get rid of the invader. the department can use contact weed killer to tackle the problem
MOTV is a paid-for video on demand app about hunting, shooting and fishing. it was launched in the us in 2016, but immediately attracted criticism in the uk. Jeremy corbyn, leader of the opposition, said he was "disgusted" by the channel
Shaun Coles, 24, admitted a charge of sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13. he and the girl had initially messaged each other on facebook before meeting. the messages were uncovered by the girl's mother after she went missing.
the woman, who is in her 70s, was attacked in Sneem, county Kerry. the man was detained by officers in Killarney on Saturday morning.
Nick Warren, 57, got into difficulties as he tried to reach his black labrador. he was rescued by lifeboat crews but died at a hospital later. his former wife, Heather, said his death would be a "big loss"
David Phillips, 49, attacked Andreas Christopheros, 29, at his home in truro. he admitted assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent. judge imposed a 16-year sentence and said he will be eligible for parole.
Watson will work alongside mark McGhee as assistant to Scotland manager Gordon Strachan. the 56-year-old has been part of the coaching set-up for more than three years. it is a second spell for the former Birmingham City, hibernian, motherwell and rangers coach
eleven of the 51 refugees are children under the age of five, including a baby. this is the first time Northern Ireland has participated in a refugee resettlement program. Muslims and Christians are among those due to arrive in mid-December.
anita corless, 58, admitted causing death by dangerous driving. she was in a line of traffic when she pulled out but there was insufficient room. corless was given a 16-month prison sentence at Mold crown court.
Serge Pauwels wins men's tour de Yorkshire stage three. team-mate Omar fraile finishes second and team sky's Tao geoghegan-hart fifth. stage winner Nacer Bouhanni taken to hospital after crash.
survey of LGBT people aged 13 to 25 conducted by the charity. 49% said they felt safe and supported by the legal system. figure fell to 40% among those who identified as transgender. half of those surveyed said they were aware of their rights.
cyclist died at the scene on cottingley Cliffe road, Bingley, west Yorkshire. police tried stopping the car after it was seen "acting suspiciously" but it drove off at speed hitting the cyclist a short distance away. the driver is in custody and the case has been referred
Barcelona says it paid €57m (£43m) for Neymar in 2013 but investigators say the fee was closer to €83m. the case was brought by Brazilian third-party investment fund DIS. DIS alleges it was financially harmed when it received €6.8
more than 480 papers for the Hull east constituency were sent out without listing labour's Karl Turner and the green party's Sarah Walpole. Hull city council apologised and said a printing error had affected people who registered to vote after 1 April. council said that a
gatland says that the last-gasp try of Wales' 24-18 defeat by australia was "fantastic" wing, 34, scored in the last move of the game and was later in tears during a televised interview. the new Zealander also says that Wales' fans
Paul gascoigne appeared on BT sport's Fletch and sav show. the former england footballer was famed for his pranks and jokes. he's also known for his long term battle with alcoholism.
ineos wants to conduct seismic surveys at Clumber park in Nottinghamshire to see if there is potential for fracking. the firm said the charity had blocked any contact for almost a year and it was considering seeking a court order. move to look for shale gas
properties in Manchester, Essex and London are also being searched. suspects are currently in custody and being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class a drugs.
Kyle Walker has signed a five-year deal with english club manchester city. the deal, which comes to £50m, includes £5m of add-ons. it could make the 27-year-old the most expensive english player ever.
the runaway racoon was spotted on top of the house in Cambridgeshire. fenland animal rescue was called in, but it was "a bit of a wrestle" the animal was brought down safely, using a control pole.
thieves took the animal from Silver star pets in pengam, along with dog leads, dog coats, fish tanks, pet food and dog grooming equipment worth £35,000. the incident is one of four break-ins that occurred at the Britannia Enterprise Centre some time between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning
Leon mugesera was extradited back to his home country from canada four years ago. he made his incendiary speech against the Tutsi minority in 1992. some 800,000 people died in the genocide.
of 1,763 would-be students, almost half said Brexit would make UK study less attractive. but 17% told international student recruiters hobsons it would make the UK more attractive to international students. the survey participants had applied for or enquired about study at 15 UK universities.
the father of a girl who married a lebanese man in new south wales said he did not want her to have sex outside marriage. the 63 year old was found guilty in April of procuring a child under the age of 14 for unlawful sexual activity
Fox 21 TV Studios has optioned the rights to the serial podcast. the first series followed the murder of hae min lee and the ex-boyfriend jailed for her death. series two will focus on the story of captured us army soldier bowe bergdahl.
review for the Commission on Local Tax Reform said there was no "magic bullet" to cure defects in the system. commission set up by the Scottish government and council body cosla. it will report back later this year.
the British Hen Welfare trust said 240 of the birds were in need of new homes in wrexham. the trust said the birds had spent the last 18 months laying eggs for supermarkets. it said they were healthy and "will soon become much-loved pets"
the 21-year-old will cover the loss of james clare, who has a serious knee injury. he will also help cover the release of lee smith from his contract. Naughton came through the academy at Bradford, and spent a year at syd
the body was dumped off the A628 at Tintwistle, near Glossop, on sunday. police are liaising with Europol, as the unidentified victim could be a foreign national. a witness saw a fire close to the
van gaal has been out of work since being sacked by manchester united in may 2016. the 65-year-old cites family issues for his decision. he turned down lucrative offers to continue his coaching career in the far east.
around one in 10 people in the Caucasian population carries this variation of the gene. faulty gene appears to affect a protein present on platelets, natural clotting cells in the blood. about 150,000 people have a stroke in the uk each year.
Raban alou, 18, is charged with aiding and abetting the killing of police accountant. Talal alameddine, 22, is accused of supplying the weapon used by the killer. the case has been adjourned until 10 December.
Google says it is still committed to launching the smart glasses as a consumer product. it will focus on "future versions of Glass" with work carried out by a different division. the Explorer programme, which gave software developers the chance to buy Glass, will close.
police said it was found in a private residence in blanchardstown on friday night. a number of people were moved from their homes during the alert. device was removed to a secure military location for further examination.
the AU took the decision on Tuesday following a divisive debate at its annual heads of state of summit in Addis Ababa. the ICC denies the allegation, insisting it is pursuing justice for victims of war crimes in africa.
the king also replaced the head of the royal guard. he also made several appointments to the team of his son, crown prince Mohammed bin salman. the 31-year-old prince became the first in line to the Saudi throne in June.
the Turriff-based company manufactures and supplies feeds for the beef, sheep, dairy, pig and poultry sectors. international sales grew over the year, both in Europe and in new markets further afield.
asked whether special counsel should step down, he said: "we're going to have to see" but he did call Mr Mueller an "honourable man" the president has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia. but some influential conservatives have openly called for Mr Mueller's
parents will be "wondering what to do" after ruling, says education select committee chairman. the high court concluded Jon Platt had no case to answer because his daughter had attended school regularly overall. government says it will now consider making alterations to the law.
gunman fled after opening fire on anonciate haberisoni as she was waiting for her hair done. former rebel leader rwasa accuses government of attempting to assassinate his wife. police say they are investigating the attack.
mobile operators will discuss bringing forward the allocation of spectrum to allow faster mobile download speeds. ofcom has told the government that the process could be accelerated to launch 4G networks in many places by May or June. a deal could pave the way for rival network EE to announce its 4G
Mohammed sufiyan choudry and zaiur rahman were caught in an undercover operation. they were members of the Luton chapter of the banned group al-muhajiroun. the pair were found guilty at the Old Bailey after a re
the Football League wants to create an extra division with 20 teams in each from 2019-20. it would mean there are 100 teams in five divisions, up from 92 currently. the move would tackle fixture congestion and boost the finances of its members.
the rules prevent non-EU chefs being employed if a restaurant offers a take-away service. industry sources say it has led to restaurants closing because they cannot recruit skilled chefs. the rules are part of the Tier 2 visa scheme, which allows workers of sufficient skill levels to be employed on the Short
two late tries flattered the visitors, who have one game left before their World cup campaign. tries from Danny Cipriani and Jonathan Joseph made it close on the scoreboard. head coach Stuart Lancaster must announce his final squad by 31 august.
gin should have had 40% alcohol content by volume when the actual figure was 77%. canadian food inspection agency said no illnesses had been reported. affected batch believed to have only been sold in canada.
welterweight boxer michael towell dies in hospital after being knocked down twice. towell was taking part in a title eliminator against Welsh fighter Dale Evans. his partner said he had been suffering migraines for weeks.
authorities are investigating the possible manipulation of diesel exhaust emissions in passenger cars. a daimler spokesman said the software fix, which will cost about 220m euros (£195m), was not linked to the police investigation.
the government will choose the location of an underground store for nuclear waste. a lot of this material will be immobilised and backfilled using cement. this cement will need to block the passage of radioisotopes far into the future.
Muckamore clinched Section A of the lagan valley steels twenty/20 cup following a four wicket home win against Lisburn. CSNI defeated Instonians by four wickets. the other semi-finalists are Fox Lodge, Bready and Ballyspallen.
court heard aidan chaves, 26, reacted angrily to taunts from fans. he was spat on during a home game for sawbridgeworth town FC on 25 march. court told he emerged carrying a broken corkscrew to "ward
authors will not attend the PEN literary gala in new york on 5 may. they said PEN was stepping beyond its traditional role. author Peter carey said they were uncomfortable with magazine's "cultural intolerance"
last year £3.6bn was spent on agency staff, but the regulator wants that brought down by £1bn by the end of this financial year. a cap was introduced in October and has so far saved £600m, the regulator said. the aim was to reduce the overall cost of agency staff
Camden glass, part of the camden group, has started a 30-day consultation with staff. the firm produces and supplies PVCu window and door products. it has told Unite it will be creating 50 new jobs at a new plant in Antrim.
discount sector has grown 48% over the past five years, according to retail research firm. analysts believe the recession started a much more fundamental shift in attitudes. discounters benefiting from a backlash against high street chains.
the children, aged five and six, were taken to Birmingham children's hospital. the man was taken to queen elizabeth hospital in london. their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.
victim was discovered with head and facial injuries in a bedroom. woman, 41, has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice. she is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates' court on Thursday.
pre-packaged device means there is no need for health workers to prepare a syringe. because the device cannot be re-used, it cuts out the risk of infection due to needle-sharing. in early trials women reported less pain at the injection site than with conventional jab
the ombudsman's office has been given £12m to complete more than 150 historical cases. investigations were suspended in 2011 after a critical report into the running of the office. many of the cases involve allegations of security force collusion.
police investigating two games involving the north Sydney-based manly sea Eagles last year. the games were against south Sydney rabbittohs and parramatta eels. manly's media department was unavailable for comment.
a school roof was ripped off at rhosgadfan near caernarfon, Gwynedd. hundreds of homes across Wales experienced power cuts. a yellow 'be aware' warning for wind across the country was in force until midnight. the highest
the CM11 was returning from a firing test when it fell into the river. the driver was able to escape with light injuries. president tsai ing-wen has sent her condolences.
former u.s. attorney led investigation into corruption at world football's governing body. ruffled feathers at Fifa when he turned up unannounced to interview members of executive committee. says he took on the investigation as an outsider with no experience of
Ashley Beck and Alan Wyn Jones scored tries for the home side. conor Gilsenan scored a third try for the Ospreys. hassler missed a glorious early chance for the visitors.
the eighteen-year-old lost his lower legs and spent nearly a month in hospital. now the f4 racer is back behind the wheel - trying out a car specially designed to make it easy for him to drive. the controls for the fun cup endurance racer are attached
Pop Recs Ltd opened in sunderland's former tourist information office in 2013. it hosted in-store gigs by acts from frankfurt to james bay. drummer Dave Harper, who runs the shop, is now looking for a new site. he says
Liam gooch, defender Stephen O'Donnell, midfielder Danny green and forwards Zane banton and Craig Mackail-Smith will leave the club on 30 June. but keeper king, 19, and defender potts, 23, are set to stay. the club
Lille striker was born in france but is eligible for Algeria through his parents. the 21-year-old has scored 26 goals in 43 appearances for french youth teams. he joined Ligue 1 rivals Lille in august 2015 and has scored five goals this season.
players selected for central contracts will become full-time athletes. zoology student housby will be able to play netball without need for a job. the move is similar to that taken by world's two best teams, australia and new zealand. full details of
south Wales police is the largest Welsh police force area by population - some 1.2m people live within it. there are 2,937 officers that work in the force, with 1,746 support staff and 406 community support officers. the total force budget for 2016/17 is £258.9m
ONX-0801 is the first in a new class of drugs which work by mimicking the ability of folic acid selectively to latch on to cancer cells. once locked on to a cancer cell, the drug disrupts its chemistry by blocking the action of a key molecule
video shows miss Yeates buying a pizza at a Tesco Express store near her home. it is believed she returned home, but no trace has been found of the pizza. police say its whereabouts could provide a vital clue.
the duo were greeted by 500 fans as they arrived at a book launch in Liverpool. their new novel 2023 is due to be performed in full in the city on Thursday. they were known for sabotaging their own success and subverting the music business.
the 32-year-old spaniard was hurt when her race car hit a support truck. it was the first time she had driven the car for the Oxfordshire-based marussia team. marussia said surgeons at addenbrooke's hospital "embarked on a
flames could be seen shooting from the roof of Scotway house, close to the city's Riverside Museum. there were no reports of injuries, and the nearby Riverside Museum was not damaged. the building was built in 1885 as a drawing office for ship building firm D&w Henderson at the
Nikki haley is the first non-white female cabinet-level official appointed to the incoming Trump administration. the 44-year-old is the daughter of Indian immigrants and was a vocal critic of Mr Trump on the campaign trail. little is known about her views on the foreign affairs and the
officials with access to classified information, ministers, mayors and country magistrates affected. comes as relations between the two sides are already strained. there are increasing worries about china's growing influence in Taiwan.
Burton finished second in league one this term to clinch promotion to the championship. manager Nigel Clough first managed Burton in the sixth tier of english football in 1998. the 50-year-old returned for a second spell in charge in December.
soldiers from the 2 Scots battalion of the royal regiment of Scotland are being sent to Afghanistan. the soldiers will be based in the Afghan army college near Kabul. their role will be to assist in the training of Afghan army soldiers and officers.
songwriter for hire LP was approached by a guy in greece who wanted to license her music. her single "lost on you" went straight into the top 10 in countries including italy, france and israel. the 36-year-old says she's never
Chelsea came from behind to beat title rivals manchester city 2-1 at stamford bridge. chelsea's renaissance has been hugely impressive - but this is their most powerful statement of the season. the three-man defensive system and the rejuvenation
blackwell, 26, retired after suffering a bleed on the skull in march. he spent a week in an induced coma after losing his British middleweight title. blackwell is still unable to walk and is a year away from making a full recovery.
inger Shah, 38, was one of 96 fans fatally injured at the 1989 FA cup semi-final. her son, Daniel, also attended the match, but stood with friends at the back of the terrace. new inquests focused on the final moments of Mrs Shah and friend Marian McCa
XpoNorth takes place on 7 and 8 June in inverness and will bring together designers, writers and musicians. the festival will include talks, workshops and performances. speakers will include mattheo alessi of italian design house Alessi and halla helgad
Cambridge are the lowest-ranked team left in the competition. ties will be played 23-26 January. holders arsenal host Brighton, and Chelsea play Bradford city.
O'Donnell returned from injury to play four games at the end of the season. captain hogan, full-back Smith and midfielder mafuta were all regulars. manager aspin has retained 14 players, and released five.
Liverpool will assess forward Roberto Firmino, who missed last weekend's win against burnley. dejan lovren, who has been nursing a knee problem, played for the under-23 side on monday. divock origi is doubtful because of a knock and illness
bluebirds have won one, drew three and lost one of their five league matches. former mansfield and torquay boss cox has resigned from his role. manager Michael Moore will take interim charge while they search for a successor.
mark Turner tried to use an EpiPen to counter the severe allergic reaction but spilled the contents, a hearing told. his wife then successfully used another pen to administer an injection, but he died from the reaction to the sting at his home. he had previously been diagnosed with an
Darren Carter's dummy set up Keanu marsh-brown to put Rovers ahead. Dan Sparkes then netted twice in seven minutes for the visitors. aman verma headed in a free-kick before Ethan pinnock put into his own
the pastor and his family fled Chibok in September after repeated attacks by the militants. they now scrape a living by selling firewood and now live in minna in the north-west. since the abduction of Monica and Sarah they have been in some kind of condition.
first-time offenders who do not cause serious injury will face 15 days police custody. campaigners say the bill would mean the "exoneration of tyrants in the home" the state duma voted 380-3 for the bill, two days after it passed its second reading
the Mau Mau fighters were mainly drawn from Kenya's major ethnic grouping, the Kikuyu. by 1952 radical activists within the KAU set up a splinter group and organised a more militant kind of nationalism. officially the number of Mau Mau and other rebel
county captain has extended his stay at the club. the 32-year-old has started all but one premiership game for county this season. he lost the captaincy at the beginning of this term due to family matters.
prince of wales completes eight-day tour of new zealand. wildlife ranger said prince would make "great croc catcher" prince Harry scored winning goal in dying seconds of football match.
marais Erasmus will continue alongside Bruce Oxenford on the field for the rest of the match. Scans gave the australian the all clear but he has been advised to rest. he was hit on the back of the head by a Bhuvneshwar Kumar throw on day one
Nissan is supplying 5,000 cars for the games and the Brazilian Olympic team to use. the company's goal with the Olympics sponsorship is to help increase its market-share in Brazil from 3% to 5%. Mr Ghosn says the global car market will continue to be sluggish
crayfish are considered a key indicator of the health of our rivers. some fear the species could die out completely by 2030. re-introduction project designed as a "stop-gap" measure to avoid a wipe-out.
about 21 firefighters tackled the blaze, which was contained to the restaurant's extraction system. the cause of the fire is not yet known.
12 years a slave was named best picture at this year's Oscars. the film tells of how a free-born black man is kidnapped and forced into slavery. it has made more than $50 million (£27 million) in north america.
the local water authority said the colour was caused by residue from black carbon filters used to clean the water. the water authority says the discharge was within "permitted limits" an inky and foul-smelling cloud of water appeared at the base of Niagara Falls on 29 July 2017.
Dundee beat dumbarton 6-2 in the scottish championship on saturday. former Rangers youth player Stewart netted a hat-trick and strike partner hemmings twice. the attacking pair were regular scorers for the dark blues last season
over 10 days about 1100 athletes from 70 countries, aged between 15 and 18, will compete in 15 sports disciplines. there are 70 gold medals at stake within the 15 disciplines at Lillehammer 2016. the British Olympic Association has sent a team of 16 athletes to take part in alpine skiing,
party won 33 seats on Thanet district council, making it the first authority in the UK to have a UKIP majority. councillor Jeff Elenor announced on Tuesday he was defecting to join the democratic independent group. four other UKIP councillors defected last month saying they were unhappy with
TES says measures to guard against grade inflation were not appropriate. Ofqual insists it applied its measures correctly. it comes as state and private school heads call for an independent inquiry.
residents say the victims were travelling in a pick-up truck. the incident comes two days after a 48-hour cessation of hostilities ended. fighting continued in and around the south-western city of Taiz.
the town of Bethlehem is believed to be where it is believed that Jesus was born. but celebrations are overshadowed by the latest Israeli-Palestinian violence. young Palestinians regularly join protests that result in confrontations with soldiers.
HMIC inspected how well forces treat the public, ensure staff work ethically and lawfully, and how they look after their workforce. north Wales police and crime commissioner arfon Jones branded the force's report "inaccurate" Gwent and south Wales police have been judged as good
make-up artist Sian Grigg nominated for an academy award. she worked with actor leonardo di caprio on the film the revenant. Christian bale also up for an Oscar for his role in the movie the big short.
Charlie Fearns, of Merseyside, urgently needs experimental treatment in u.s. his mother said she was "ecstatic" and "overwhelmed" by the donation. she said there was "no option" left for treatment for him in the UK
the general court of the european union said there were "internal inconsistencies" in the decision. of the firms, air france was fined the largest amount - €182.9m. the two carriers merged to form Air France-KLM in 2004.
Bournemouth beat Swansea 3-2 in their premier league clash on saturday. the win leaves the club 13 points clear of the relegation zone. former blackburn midfielder steven gerrard scored the winner.
25,000 rebel fighters and civilians have been evacuated since the operation got under way. as many as 25,000 others could be waiting to leave in freezing conditions. the UN says its aid partners have counted 19,000 evacuees arriving in Idlib province.
ambassador Jeffrey deLaurentis says he never doubted dtente would happen. he recalls seeing off prisoner exchange for three u.s. intelligence agents. "you could just feel the sea change," he says of re-establishing diplomatic ties
former los angeles dodgers owner plans to invest 200m euros (£180m) in club. 63-year-old says he will "put our club back on the road to glory" nine-time Ligue 1 winners Marseille are 12th in the table after nine games.
Belgium's dense road network enjoys near-total streetlight coverage, with lights kept on throughout the night. french astronaut posted an image on twitter showing the northern lights visible towards the north of the globe. the images have notched up tens of thousands of reactions on social media.
the infants last saw a doctor in february, and stopped going to kindergarten in august. their mother, Vladislava Podchapko, had gone to her partner's flat without leaving food at home, reports say. linoleum by the locked front door
McQueen, 20, came through the youth ranks at st mary's. he has played one first-team game - as a sub against sunderland in the FA cup. find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
a £2bn 1.8-mile (2.9km) tunnel is the government's preferred option at Stonehenge. but some archaeologists argue it could damage the ancient site. highways England suggests a southern bypass route would be "considered"
Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths says club are trying to be a little bit different. the south african was due to be at an "important squad meeting" in Munich the same day. one of the team's number failed to make the midnight flight home. european rugby officials fine
nearly half of those interviewed by the UN said a family member had been killed. of 101 women interviewed, 52 said they had been raped or experienced sexual violence. many testimonies "confirmed that the army deliberately set fire to houses with families inside"
the pipe in Chester green, Derby, burst at about 04:30 GMT on sunday. people in Chaddesden, littleover and Mackworth reported brown water coming from taps. mansfield road has been shut to traffic and bus services re-routed.
Guernsey held to 2-2 draw in preliminary qualifying round of the fa cup. match was the first ever to be held on the island. hosts now travel to london for a rematch.
commission report accuses Russia of running a "state-sponsored" doping programme. sports other than athletics have reason to be concerned at how Russian sport is run. commission chairman Dick pound said Russia's athletics federation, araf, should be banned from the Rio 2016
Kadiza Sultana, 16, is feared dead after an air strike in Raqqa, her family solicitor says. Rushanara Ali said the Prevent strategy needed a "proper assessment" security minister Ben Wallace said it had been reviewed "to ensure it works"
tour will take in "familiar haunts of home farm, Bob's cafe and the woolpack" they have been launched as a result of the "incredible success" of the Coronation street tours. Emmerdale moved to the purpose-built set in 1998 after the number of
25 teachers out of a teaching staff of about 70 called in sick on Wednesday. it follows an apparent industrial relations dispute at de la Salle college in ireland. teachers are said to be concerned over the way it was handled and sent a letter.
winemaker cesare has been threatened, his land has been repeatedly trespassed on. he believes the battle pits modern Italy against forces that want Sicily to remain rooted in the ways of the past. "the rural mafia, see all this land as their own
the headset works with an experimental version of the BBC's iPlayer on-demand platform. users can turn on and operate the app by concentrating or relaxing their minds. this type of technology could be used to help people with a broad range of disabilities.
visitors to the Hebridean Celtic Festival will be able to use an app to trigger online information. videos and band interviews will be among the online material available on phones and tablets. the festival is taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July.
former british cycling star houvenaghel pulls out of upcoming cyprus games. the 39-year-old suffered a back injury in training and will return to dentistry. she criticised team-mates and coach Shane sutton at the 2012
play has been stopped 10 times in five days, leaving a backlog of matches. there will be at least eight guaranteed singles' matches on the middle Sunday. tickets must be purchased in advance online, with none available on the day.
volunteers allegedly rang the emergency 115 number themselves or got friends or family to do it. their commander allegedly skipped shifts in order to start fires. the team, in the Ragusa district, came under suspicion because they were called out more often than others.
figures compiled by the charity show 85 offences recorded by police every day. high-profile cases have "played a contributory factor" in encouraging people to come forward. chief constable says police now look "upon child abuse very differently"
US and uk ban laptops on certain passenger flights. tip-off was judged by the US to be "substantiated" and "credible" phone and medical devices are not affected.
analysts say while there is evidence the programme is advancing, it is difficult to assess its true extent. the claim comes hours after north Korea cancelled a planned visit by the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
new talks between the rebels and the government could take place in Belarus in coming days. the warring sides signed a truce in minsk in september. more than 1,000 people have been killed in fighting since then.
Derby made the breakthrough when captain Keogh stooped at the far post to head home Craig Bryson's cross. Shaun Pearson saw his header saved for Grimsby and Kayden Jackson's shot was cleared off the line in injury time.
debra milke was freed in 2013 after a record of misconduct by a key detective. she was convicted of arranging the killing of her son in 1990. prosecutors had pushed for a retrial but judges said such a move would amount to double jeopar
the care quality commission (cq) said staff were committed to providing high quality care. chief inspector of hospitals Prof sir Mike Richards said EMAS needed improvement. the trust has been struggling financially and has some of the worst response times in england.
the outstanding Mooy smashed a 25-yard shot into the top corner after the break. the on-loan manchester city midfielder was not certain to play after a hectic international. Leeds slip to third from bottom with just one win from their first six league fixtures
Sally Chidzoy claims she was sexually discriminated against and victimised. she says she was targeted after raising concerns when an MP appeared to convince a senior colleague to drop one of her stories. tribunal told she was "falsely imprisoned" during an attempt to
a fire broke out in a property in the Froghall Gardens area of glasgow. six appliances were dispatched to the scene. homes were evacuated and roads were closed.
the group, from Seattle's Alpine ascents international, was last heard from on Wednesday. two guides and four clients were in the party, which began a five-day expedition last week. a park spokeswoman said the group may have been caught in an avalanche.
the visitors raced into a three-goal first-half lead at Hampden. weatherson opened the scoring with an unstoppable 15th-minute free-kick. flynn made it 3-0 six minutes later with a fine finish.
Wallabies centre Adam Ashley-Cooper crashed over for the only try, and Christian leali'ifano held his nerve to land the conversion. half-back leigh halfpenny's five penalties had seen the Lions lead 15-9 until five minutes from time. the
Cyrus mistry accuses the board of constant interference, including being asked to sign off on deals he knew little about. he also warned the firm may face 1.18 trillion rupees ($18bn) in writedowns because of five unprofitable businesses he inherited.
more than 250,000 spectators expected at the end-of-season event at the o2 arena. ATP confirmed "enhanced security" is in place and preparations continue as normal. french pair mahut and Herbert are making their debuts at the season finale. they will play
Warriors called off the game, without consulting Widnes, as the pitch had deteriorated following storm Doris. but the match went ahead on the scheduled date at the Vikings' ground. the Warriors, who won the game 28-26, must pay £2,000 in costs for the RFL
Martial's agent said he is "studying" an option for his client to move to sevilla. the 21-year-old was united's top scorer last season with 17 goals. he played a crucial role as his side came from behind to beat middlesbrough
former u.s. gov. michael huckabee has quit his media career to run for president in 2016. he'll face a crowded field that includes three senators, a businesswoman and a neurosurgeon. the former southern Baptist
chelsea beat sunderland 2-0 in their premier league clash at stamford bridge. jose mourinho's side have now won three games in four league games. blues boss andre villas-boas has openly talked of the need to inject
north korea carries out twin tests of ballistic missile known as the'musudan' first test believed to have flown about 150km before landing in the sea. second test travelled about 400km (250 miles) and reached an altitude of 1,000km. the UN Security
bank said it aimed to raise $5.1bn through the rights issue and would cut 15,000 jobs by 2018. news came as standard Chartered announced a third-quarter pre-tax loss of $139m. the FTSE 100 index closed higher, boosted by oil firms and miners
Brendon constant, 87, accused of smothering wife, Jean, 86, with plastic bag. he died in hospital after suffering "catastrophic" head injuries in a fall. judge voiced concerns over the fact he had been granted bail and fell
forest officials say a survey, using hidden cameras, counted 106 tigers in the wild. the figures mark a sharp decline from the 440 animals recorded 10 years ago. experts say the decline is mainly down to rampant poaching. there are now fewer than 2,
the 19-year-old was taken off in the 15th minute after appearing to pick up the foot injury. Jesus was hoping to become the third city player to score on each of his first three premier league starts. medical experts recommend rest with no exercise and sport for four to eight weeks.
sports minister carál N Chuiln says board members resign. they were there to discuss a report by the head of internal audit at the department. culture committee chair Nelson McCausland says the situation is "shocking and unprecedented"
Wifatch was first discovered in late 2014 and has been steadily scouring the web. it connects to other compromised devices to download updates that make them harder to attack. the software leaves a message on the router telling its owner to change the default passwords.
RB Leipzig fans threw stones and bottles at supporters during a match on saturday. the club is wholly owned by one company, red bull. vitriol derives from RB's ownership model. fans see RB as a marketing vehicle.
two-vehicle crash on the A470, between church street in rhayader and the llangurig roundabout, happened shortly after 11:45 GMT on friday. affected motorists travelling between builth wells and llanidloes.
a spokesperson for the ministry said Mr Videgaray would not take on another public office. he will be replaced by the current minister of social development, Jose Antonio meade. the visit was widely criticised by Mexicans in the national press and on social media.
the battle for Tal Afar could also escalate tensions between Iraq, its ethnic Kurdish minority, Turkey and Syria. 40,000 troops are taking part in the fighting - three Iraqi Army divisions, US and coalition special forces personnel, as well as "government-backed" paramilitary fighter
Lee Novak diverts Kevin Foley's pass home in the 87th minute. the goal prevents Fleetwood from climbing into second spot in the table. on-loan Burnley striker Chris long nets his third goal in as many league games.
american billionaire michael eisner will address fans on Thursday with details of his £5.67m offer. shareholders and PST members will vote on the proposal later this month. the former Walt Disney chief executive's proposals include a further £10m equity investment.
the turtle was followed during the filming and the camera collected at the end. the charity says the animal was not harmed in any way. it says hundreds of turtles have been found dead near the reef over the last four years.
Richard duffy fired Vale in front after Neil Collins headed down a corner. paddy madden fired the ball over the crossbar from close range. wootton's late goal rescued a point for the visitors.
Ipswich manager Mick McCarthy: "it was exciting for both sets of fans but frustrating for me" David McGoldrick volleyed in his first goal since august to put the hosts ahead. Revell, who recently saved a penalty as an emergency goalkeeper, levelled from the spot
low turnout in the poll was blamed on concerns about Ebola. other winners in the senate elections include the former rebel leader Prince Johnson. Liberia has been one of the countries worst affected by the disease.
Fleetwood shot a superb nine-under 63 to make up eight shots on wiesberger. the 26-year-old drove into trouble on the extra hole and Wiesberger won. england's Ross Fisher finished joint third after a bogey on the 18th
centre-back van denberg has been capped 75 times for her country. the 26-year-old played 13 times for liverpool this season. she led her country at the 2015 world cup in canada.
centre-back Anderson, 27, has cancelled his contract by mutual consent to join gulls. striker Keating, 21, was recommended to the club by ex-port vale boss Micky Adams. the move is subject to international clearance.
bonfire makers are involved in a dispute with the city council over the storing of pallets. they say the council collected pallets from the area earlier this year, agreed to store them and return them this month but failed to do so. a committee's decision needs to be approved at
almost 8,000 real words - and invented ones - are included in the dictionary. Dahl invented words to stop his readers getting bored. gumplewink, grobbled and sleep squiggler were unused but found in his archive.
new owners, who bought the brand three years ago, will start production next year. the company has a 10-year plan, including four new models. former f1 designer Gordon Murray is behind iStream carbon technology.
world champion made a bad start, ran off the road on the first lap and damaged his car. he then collided with red bull's Daniel Ricciardo after a restart following a safety car period. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won the race ahead of Red bull'
the FTSE 100 was 37.55 points higher at 6,256.81 shortly after midday. new chief executive Steve rowe says he intends to lower clothing prices. bank shares helped to bolster the wider market, with RBS up 3.6%. royal mail shares rose 1% to
midfielder Garrett scored in the 3-1 victory at Shamrock park. he was to serve a one-match ban, effective from Monday 24 October. the matter was discussed by an Irish FA Disciplinary Committee.
a witness described seeing a "flash right across the sky" as the aircraft came down. representatives from UK power networks and fire crews also attended the scene. the condition of the pilot is not known.
Margaret Stewart, 48, admitted embezzling from her employer Ivanhoe Cambridge. she used her position as treasurer at the boys club to pay cheques into its account. the money would then go to the club before Stewart took it for herself.
some two dozen super-stars have been identified in the large magellanic cloud. they all have masses in excess of a hundred times that of the sun. four were previously known, including the 250-times-mass R136a1.
Roma fined £42,400 after game against balotelli's AC Milan was halted and restarted. Serie a side vow to ban anyone identified with the songs. the south stand of the ground will be temporarily closed for one game.
Plymouth Argyle beat Crawley Town 2-0 in their premier league clash. Craig Tanner scored the winner with a left footed shot from the centre of the box. dermot Drummy's side are now two points clear at the top of the table.
the two companies are estimated to have 20% of ad-supported TV viewership in the us. the offer values Scripps stock at $90 per share, 34% higher than when reports of the deal first circulated.
Rangers say defender slipped over during squad get-together. the sun claimed he was injured after a fight broke out at a pub. QPR's head of communications insists he suffered a cut to his head.
the singer complained the virtual assistant was pronouncing her surname wrong. the second syllable of her name should be pronounced with "a soft S, like sand on the beach" the next apple update is due on 30 September.
a policeman allegedly killed a man and wounded two others during an argument. the incident occurred in the eastern suburb of rehab. there have been a series of allegations of police brutality in recent months.
Turing Pharmaceuticals bought the rights to 62-year old drug daraprim and increased the price per pill from $13.50 to $750. the original increase sparked outrage on social media and among politicians. in September Turing promised to reduce the price by 50% for hospitals and offer financial
the Rams ended an eight-game winless championship streak with a 3-1 comeback win at Brentford. the 27-year-old scored his second goal in 19 games after coming off the bench. it was his 10th league goal in 31 appearances, but only his second since o
the 777-200 was carrying 294 passengers from Paris to Vancouver. it was diverted to Prestwick after taking off at 10:57 on saturday. the airline said the plane landed "normally" at 13:20 local time.
a third of children in Wales were said to have good oral health overall. this compares to 39% in England. decay was found in 52% of 12 year olds and 63% of 15 year old.
a weaker pound makes UK-produced goods cheaper in overseas markets. the pound fell sharply against the euro after the Brexit vote. retail sales have also benefited, sending them to their highest level in two years.
former manchester united stars put the project on hold following criticism from conservationists. the new proposals include a single tower rather than two skyscrapers. historic England said the previous scheme threatened to "erase" the area's history.
incident happened on the a630 Sheffield road just outside conisborough. south Yorkshire police said officers were called after reports a motorbike had left the road north of archers way. force is appealing for any witnesses to contact them.
the 50-year-old Dubliner will replace Kieran harding as manager of carrick utd. callaghan won two league titles with the crues in 1995 and 1997. he most recently worked as Roddy Collins' assistant at waterford united.
baby suffered brain bleeding, retinal haemorrhages and a broken rib and ankle. as a result of the brain injury, the child suffers from cerebral palsy and is registered blind. judge describes the offences as "extremely serious"
fellow britons Andy Murray and Johanna konta are in action on Tuesday. second seed Murray will play italian Andreas seppi in his opening match. china's unseeded Shuai peng beat american sixth seed Venus Williams.
teenager from measham has not been seen since about 18:00 GMT on friday. two men, aged 27 and 28, arrested on suspicion of kidnap have been re-arrested.
Elliott durrell puts Chester ahead after just 12 minutes. theo vassell and tom Shaw score for the unfancied Blues. dagenham and redbridge equalise through James alabi.
ex-Dagenham and york defender started all but four of wood's league matches last season. striker Ryan bird has joined from Newport on a one-year deal. the 29-year-old scored six goals in 19 appearances for the league two side.
analysis of voting patterns in 2,500 council wards since 2012 shows wide disparities. most of the areas where the fewest people voted in recent elections are in the north. campaigners concerned there will be a low turnout again on 5 may.
the 23-year-old back will leave Bristol at the end of the season in may. he had offers from England, France and Japan. Newport Gwent dragons were also keen to sign Morgan.
conor henderson signs a year-long contract with championship side crawley. the 23-year-old midfielder was released by former club hull city last season. an ankle injury restricted him to just 13 league starts for the foxes last term.
reports have suggested that england striker chris crouch could leave the club. the 33-year-old's contract at the Britannia Stadium expires at the end of the season. former boss Tony Pulis signed the striker from spurs for £11
warhol began series of silk-screen portraits of mao in 1972 when ties between then cold-war foes china and us began to thaw. the photograph that warhol used for the portrait was one that adorned the inside cover of the so-called little red book.
former manchester united captain wants to build the futuristic four-bedroom property. the partially-underground house was labelled a "teletubbies" home because of its petal-shaped design. planning committee approved the development by 12 votes to nine.
the original film saw Tom Hanks play a man saved from drowning as a boy by a mermaid, whom he meets 20 years later. he and bell starred in 2014's undercover cop comedy film 22 jump street. this version will be written by mari
the first 18 of 59 fibreglass moths have been placed across the city to mark the 75th anniversary of her death. she flew a de havilland gipsy moth airplane from the uk to australia in 1930 - becoming the first woman to do so. the
new Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says he will review economic data. he added that the Treasury will act "if we deem it necessary to do so" labour's shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, dismissed Mr Hammond's plan as "just warm words
London's first Lumiere festival will feature illuminations and animations projected at 20 locations in the west end and Kings cross over four nights. the Durham version has been running since 2009 and attracted 175,000 people in 2013. this year's Lumiere will take place in Durham from 12-15 November
Shane O'Donoghue put Ireland in front with a close-range finish. Alan southern equalised for the hosts before a fine team move saw Eugene Magee put the game to bed.
island of wight council tried to fine Jon Platt £120 for taking his daughter to florida. magistrates backed the father, so the council appealed to the high court. the case rests on what constitutes "regular attendance"
Jessica Chisnall, 15, was hit by a bike as she walked home from school. she suffered a severe head injury which resulted in bleeding on the brain. two males were arrested and released on bail, and appealed for witnesses.
former staff sgt Clinton Romesha is the fourth living veteran of afghanistan or iraq. he led a battle against 400 Taliban fighters near Pakistan in 2009. the father-of-three lives with his family in minot, north dakot
Leave means leave wants to combine points-based system with plans for work permits. anti-Brexit campaigners said such a move would damage business and the NHS. report is authored by independent MEP Steven Woolfe, who quit UKIP.
one person has been arrested in relation to the incident, British transport police said. eyewitness said the station was "filled with smoke" at about 15:20 BST. the area is now safe and the fire alarms have been reset.
seonaid, 21, won the 50m rifle three positions event with an accumulated score of 458.5. elder sister jennifer, 26, won gold in the rifle prone event on monday. the McIntosh sisters finished in first place with their combined scores.
last month's rate cut to an historic low of 0.25% helped support house prices, he said. the Bank was criticised for saying the economy would be hit from a vote to leave the EU. but Mr Carney said the Bank's decisions had so far been "validated"
British sliders have won medals at all six Olympics in which the sport has featured. skeleton evolved in the Swiss resort of St Moritz in the late 19th century. the sport was reinstated for the 2002 games in Salt lake city.
Adams' second fight as a professional and first in her home city for 20 years. the fight will be over four three-minute rounds, rather than the usual two minutes. Adams, 34, voiced her frustration with the usual round time after beating carcamo.
heath recorded a time of 34.259 seconds in the single kayak event in szeged. the 32-year-old improved on his time of 35.197 that won gold in Rio last year. his partner and fellow Rio silver medallist Jon Schofield finished ninth in 36.213
goals from Ciaran McNulty, Sam caine and conor Doyle helped the Isle of man side to a 3-1 victory in the final over Felvidek of Hungary. a team spokesman said it had been a "tough test" and "ideal preparation
abels shipbuilders at Albion dockyard on Bristol's Floating Harbour is to cease trading. owner David abels, 66, has leased the site for 37 years. there is uncertainty over the future of the dry dock.
review of care homes in wales says they are places of "irreversible decline" the report was published by the Older people's commissioner for Wales. experts undertook unannounced visits to 100 care homes across the country.
ministers are to increase the maximum discount - currently £16,000 to £38,000 - to more than the expected £50,000. housing charity Shelter says the plans risk diminishing the stock of "genuinely affordable" social housing. the "right to buy" scheme was first started under Margaret Thatcher's government
since 2010 the number of cases among Londoners has risen by 163%. 90% of those reported in 2015 among men who have sex with men. syphilis is a bacterial infection that causes highly infectious sores.
the victim suffered serious injuries - believed to be stab wounds. he was taken to the royal infirmary of Edinburgh, where he later died. the arrested man is due to appear at Edinburgh Sheriff court on Thursday.
the 29-year-old was a free agent after leaving notts county in January. the Ghana-born player made 11 appearances in all competitions this season. first-team coach Ian foster has left the club by mutual consent.
Brazil succeeded Philippe montanier following the frenchman's sacking on 14 January. the 54-year-old's only game in charge to date saw him oversee 1-0 victory over Bristol city. despite the win over the Robins, forest are 19th in championship table.
possums, koalas, wallabies and kangaroos have been injured by bushfires. IFAW appealed for the public to sew tiny mittens to help protect them. so many people sent in enough to last them for
figures show more than a quarter of cases were not picked up within the required 24 hours. a cleft palate is a gap in the roof of the mouth leading to difficulties sucking and feeding. national guidelines say the problem should be diagnosed within 24 hours of birth.
Lesley leake, Karen McGee and marice hall went on strike in September saying their pay had been slashed and their pensions, holiday and sick pay had also been cut. in October about 100 people joined the women on a protest march through Barnsley, where C&D
the 34-year-old will sign a permanent deal until the end of the season. parkin previously spent two years at Bootham Crescent. he scored 14 league goals in 64 league games between 2002 and 2004.
labour leader Jeremy corbyn says he will "rebuild and transform" the transport system. he pledges to give councils franchising powers and allow them to set up local bus companies. the winner of labour's leadership contest will be announced on 24 september.
researchers say sticking to a diet is more important than the diet itself. low carbohydrate and low fat diets both lost an average of 7.3kg (16lb) people on low carb meal plans had lost slightly more at the six-month marker.
lawyer Amanda Telfer, 43, died when three frames fell on her as she walked past a building site in 2012. Kelvin Adsett, 64, from Slough, was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence. Damian Lakin-Hall, 50, from
nobbs joined the gunners from sunderland ladies in 2010. the 23-year-old has scored 21 goals in 53 league appearances. she has won two league titles, three FA cups and four continental cups.
Wigan become first english club to win the world club series since Leeds in 2012. hat-trick of tries from Joe Burgess against cronulla help Wigan claim title. warrington end eight-match losing streak for Super League clubs against NRL counterparts.
representatives from more than 160 countries decide to set aside a radio frequency. deal will enable satellites to receive transmissions that aircraft currently only send. MH370 disappeared in march 2014 with 239 people on board.
between 5,000 and 6,000 tigers are believed to be in captivity in china. wildlife conservation organisations have long demanded an end to the trade in skins. reports say the facilities where the captive animals are held have been providing live animals and parts for illegal international trade.
EY expects inflation to jump to 2.6% next year before easing back to 1.8% in 2018. that will cause growth in consumer spending to slow from an expected 2.5% this year to 0.5% in 2017 and 0.9% the year after. exporters will benefit from the depreciation of sterling
Craig Hughes, 33, of Flint, was arrested by north Wales police in august. fears were raised over a planned murder bid involving police being ambushed. Hughes admitted two charges at Mold crown court on friday. he will be sentenced next week.
KLM has added a 06:00 weekday flight from the Highlands airport. it has also added an evening flight from Schiphol.
tries from seymour, van der flier and swansea cancel out leinster's first half tries. sam Johnson, jonny gray and danny cipriani score tries for the visitors. the bonus-point win lifts
Llanbedr airfield, near Harlech, is one of eight which has been looked at. the global space economy is expected to be worth £400bn a year by 2030. it needs a port from where it is thought satellites and space tourism flights will be launched
arcade fire revives revellers' spirits with a series of arms-aloft anthems. every stage at the event was closed after lightning struck ground. dance act Rudimental were escorted off the main stage mid-set.
first time tournament has been held in england since 1993 final at Lord's. consists of 31 matches, with the final at london's old trafford on 23 july. tournament will help "drive interest and participation in women's cricket at every level"
soldiers and members of a vigilante group also died in the ambush. the high number of casualties will be a blow for the government. at least 20,000 people have been killed and thousands more abducted since 2009.
born in County mayo, he worked as a teacher before securing a part in the premiere of the Brian Friel play Translations in 1980. he became a household name in Ireland for his role as miley byrne in the RTE soap opera Glenroe
middlesex move from 317-4 to 452 all out, backed by John Simpson's 52. captain Ian bell one of two early visiting wickets to fall. Jonathan Trott and Varun Chopra saw the bears to 146-4 by early close. england's
40% of coral has died at the Dongsha Atoll in the south china sea. coral bleaching was the worst on record for australia's iconic great barrier reef. high water temperatures of 2015/16 were devastating for reef systems globally.
eurozone finance ministers suggest the Cyprus model could form a template in any future bailout. the deal involves a tax on bank deposits and puts the burden for dealing with problem banks on shareholders and creditors. president of Cyprus, Nicos Anastasiades, later addressed his country in a
Ian toothill believes he is the first cancer patient to scale the world's highest mountain. the 47-year-old personal trainer has raised almost £31,500 ($40,600) for macmillan. he was diagnosed with bowel cancer in June 2015 and told in early 2016 that
groups who use hall in Llanwinio said they would hand in their keys after rent tripled. the community association of volunteers described the changes as "unreasonable" but the diocese of st davids said as a charity it was "obliged by law"
at least 30 britons were among 38 people killed when a student opened fire on a beach in sousse. prime minister david cameron has led tributes in parliament to the family. his nephew Joel Richards, 19, was a football referee and student at the university
inspectors say children are well-motivated in science lessons. but they say more able pupils are not challenged enough. the Welsh government says it is working with local authorities and schools.
more than 100 bomb threats against Jewish centres in first two months of 2017. former marine, Tayyib Rashid, pledges to stand guard at synagogue or cemetery. other Muslims, including Emmy Award-winning TV broadcaster momin Bhatti, pledge their support.
Jason Bryden, 38, was repeatedly stabbed during the attack at his home in Kilmarnock. judge said the brothers carried out "a merciless, relentless and savage attack" both brothers were jailed for a minimum of 22 years after being convicted of murder
singer overcame a series of early hitches that looked like they might derail the set. he had to restart his first song three times and his second song once. fans loved the rare opportunity to connect with an idol. but lots of fans drifted away during a disjo
former manchester city trader warburton will leave the championship club. the 52-year-old's future at Griffin Park came into question last week. assistant boss David weir and sporting director Frank McParland will also leave.
a lawyer for an event organiser accuses the UMP of ordering fake invoices. he says the former president was not aware of the "slip" UMP chairman Jean-francois cope says he knows nothing of any wrongdoing. reports say the scandal could
the two countries fell out in 1959, and no american president has visited since. since being president, obama has tried to make the relationship more friendly. in 2015, he re-opened the us embassy which was closed 54 years earlier.
fire started on deck of ferry sailing from Portsmouth to fishbourne on the island. crew extinguished blaze within minutes and none of the 65 people onboard were injured. ferry has been taken out of service while an inquiry takes place.
Craig rodger, 25, was hit by a Porsche as he crossed Wilbraham road in Chorlton. Mohammed Omayr and Raheel Rehman, both from Chorlton, were sentenced to two and three years respectively. they admitted conspiracy to pervert the course of justice at
advert for its invisible deodorant range said "white is purity" across an image of a woman. it was posted on the firm's facebook page, geographically aimed at its followers in the middle east. many on social media complained about the post's racist connotations. but
Exeter had earlier spurned a glorious chance to go ahead when Joel Grant blazed over after Ollie watkins' shot was deflected into his path. Luke Berry almost made it 2-0 six minutes before half-time when a kick from goalkeeper Will Norris ran
the 33-year-old is Wales' most-capped number nine, playing in 94 Tests. Phillips joined sale in 2013 after spells with bayonne, ospreys, Cardiff blues and scarlets. he played five times for the british and Irish
new maps are being made available to help researchers produce more robust assessments of seismic hazard. key to the work is the high performance of the EU's new Sentinel-1 radar satellites. to be really effective, the maps need to be sensitive to movements of about 1mm per year over 100
"i have been proud to lead the first coalition government in 70 years," says tory leader. "ed miliband rang me this morning to wish me luck with the new government" "our manifesto is a manifesto for working people and as a majority government we will be able
south africa reach 145-3 when the match is called off due to rain. Dane van Niekerk hits 63 as she puts on 68 with captain Mignon du Preez. Sarah Taylor top-scored for the hosts with 66 from 52 balls.
Neil Hamilton says he is fully involved in all of his jobs. mr Gill denies it was the group's view, but his colleague was late for the meeting. UKIP has handed out spokespeople roles to all of its AMs.
flight EZY6238 was carrying 170 passengers from Berlin to Bristol. it was diverted to Amsterdam's Schiphol airport. some passengers reported the smell of smoke in the cabin.
fewer than 200,000 of the 520,000 apprenticeships starting in England every year are rated at level three. only 61,000 new apprenticeship starts were for young people, compared with 570,000 in germany. the report warns that since 2010, more than half (58%) of apprenticeships have been below
innogy renewables had been proposing a hydroelectric scheme on the river conwy, near Betws y coed in snowdonia national park. application had been due to be considered by Conwy council planning committee next week. firm said decision to withdraw application
four were convicted after trial, while six others pleaded guilty to their part in the conspiracy from 2013-2014. arrests were made after police seized 40kg (88lbs) of the drug in 2014. officers said the seizure had prevented half a million drug deals, the
the 20-year-old had "cardiac arrhythmias" - heart rhythm problems. club statement said the chances of recovery is nil. new tests revealed the extent of the damage.
west Belfast has some of the highest levels of deprivation in the uk. the falls women's centre runs services aimed at breaking the cycle of poverty. staff and users say recent cuts have hit the centre hard.
the italian top flight is one of the leagues trialling VAR this season. both sides had penalties awarded following video consultation. juve beat Genoa 4-2 on saturday with both sides having penalties awarded.
the redditch-based Sigma Financial Group has opened an office in the city. about 200 staff will be recruited by the end of this year with a further 500 expected by 2017.
ex-pm was mooted as next secretary-general over the christmas period. defence select committee chairman says he had "dangerously" delayed renewing Trident. he also questions the former prime minister's roles in Libya, Brexit and armed forces cuts.
Walsh and boe will debut their version of the classic queen track on 11 may. the official Team GB and paralympics GB single will go on sale the same day. lyrics have been slightly tweaked for the Olympic version - "one man" becomes "one team"
for most of November, the top trending hashtags in Russia referenced one direction. on other days, they were associated with western pop culture, or its fans. the main point of such "tweet storms" is to get more followers.
former Celtic manager steve lennon has been appointed as the new manager of hibernian. the appointment is mutually beneficial for both the club and the former boss. he will need to bolster the squad and add depth and strength of will to the team.
the 31-year-old has opted to join the 2016/17 Turkish top flight runners-up. he has reached the end of his contract with city rivals Galatasaray. the centre-back made 119 appearances and scored 12 goals for the club.
livingston was once a party heartland which was home to big beasts like Robin Cook. but much has changed here - the mines are closed and the economy is now focused on small industry. the seat was won comfortably by the SNP in 2015 - Hannah bardell took even
tech industry chief says anything connected to the internet could "in theory" be hacked into. the draft Investigatory Powers Bill would place a legal duty on internet providers. he says the home office needs to spell out more clearly where it draws the line over "equipment interference"
president thein sein said the deal had opened up the "road to future peace" violence has left tens of thousands dead over the years and displaced hundreds of thousands. the government hopes the deal will be the first step on a path to a lasting political settlement.
the aircraft were allegedly smuggling drugs from central america. they refused to follow the military pilots' orders. another 11 unauthorised planes have been disabled on the ground this year.
thirty specialist staff will be appointed across Wales to look after women with prenatal and postnatal mental health illnesses. community-based teams will include doctors, nursing staff and other healthcare professionals. around 30% of parents suffer anxiety or depression in the first year after their baby's birth.
ZTE must pay $892m (£740m) penalty as well as $300m which will be suspended. the company lied to authorities and its own lawyer about the violations. it also sent goods to north Korea without the correct export licences.
there were 69 claims against peacekeepers in 2015, up from 52 in 2014 was 66 in 2013. almost a third of the claims were made in the central African republic. report also sets out all the countries whose soldiers are reportedly involved under "name-and-shame"
Robert Kerr, 39, inflicted 76 wounds on xin Xin Liu at their home in east renfrewshire. the court heard he suffered "an abnormality of the mind" weeks before the killing, Kerr had contacted his GP complaining
a force of 1,000 french soldiers will be left in place to fight al-Qaeda-linked groups. french timetable to withdraw most of its forces by end of year has slipped. peacekeepers find large cache of explosives near northern town of Kidal.
presidents obama and xi pledge not to engage in cyber economic espionage. deal covers the theft of trade secrets but not national security information. u.s. officials have alleged that the Chinese state was behind a massive data security breach.
flood warnings across coventry and warwickshire. drivers rescued from stranded vehicles in great alne, wolston, baginton and princethorpe. network rail says flooding on train lines around daventry, rugby and wolverton.
the swan was trapped on the rooftop of a boutique. it could not fly off as it did not have enough space. staff at soundLINCS managed to record the successful rescue.
"it is theresa may's extreme version of Brexit which will cause real damage to the NHS," he said. the prime minister stressed that she was the best person to lead talks on leaving the EU. "it's time she came clean that the risks are all of her own making,"
Celtic beat caley thistle 3-1 at the caledonian stadium on saturday. leigh Griffiths and moussa dembele started up front for the first time. Scott sinclair scored his 10th goal of the season for the home side. Greg Tans
the show "will go on" and the actor's characters will be recast, producer says. shearer took to twitter to say the decision "wasn't about money" the 71-year-old provided the voice for addled school principal seymour skinner.
bursaries are a means-tested allowance paid to healthcare students. Chancellor osborne said it would free up around £800m a year in government spending. royal college of nursing survey claims two-thirds of nurses wouldn't have studied nursing without them.
a mine, rail and port project proposed for the galilee basin in Queensland has been halted. the delay is the latest chapter in a long history of australian flora and fauna causing grief to developers. in 1995, one of the last known colonies of the endangered
american track star reveals in new book that she had an abortion a day before Beijing 2008. the 32-year-old claims that every female athlete she knows has had a termination. Richards-ross won three Olympic golds in the 4x400m relay for the usa.
EU's Brexit guidelines say border issues should be tackled before trade deal. british minister says it is "wholly illogical" to think border issues can be separated from trade. Sinn fin president says remarks are "direct challenge" to the Irish government.
deputy party leader Stewart hosie will take part in a half-hour webcast. if you have something to ask him, email newsonlinescotland@bbc.co.uk Please put "webchat questions" in the message field of your email.
the good fight star says she would love nothing more than to be working in the uk. the 31-year-old compared her experience with her role in ITV drama Vera. she said she has had to take roles in the us because there is more work in america.
new grammars are likely to help "only a small proportion" of the poorest pupils. government consultation on plans for more selective education closed this month. free school meals pupils perform less well in GCSE maths in selective areas.
outside-half anscombe has been out since december with a groin injury. the 25-year-old has also suffered hip and ankle injuries since joining the Blues. he has made nine appearances for Wales and has a dual contract with the club and the
the smartphone has been the key transformative technology of the last decade. it has put powerful computers in the hands of more than two billion people. the photo at the top of this article was taken on an iPhone but could just as well be captured on any high-end smartphone.
up to 2,000 jobs are expected to be based at the 24-acre site by 2020. the complex will include a £58m "urban sciences" facility. it is a partnership between Newcastle city council and Newcastle university.
Grayson spent eight years as coach of Essex before leaving at the end of 2015. he replaces Richard Pyrah as diamonds boss, with the latter to assist new head coach Andrew gale. diamonds will start their 2017 super league campaign against thunder on 11 august.
Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford have joined Bristol Rovers on loan. the 20-year-olds spent last season on loan at the british club. Telford moved to Stoke from blackpool in 2015.
inflation, as measured by consumer prices index (CPI), rose to 0.1% in may. biggest contribution to the rise came from transport, notably air fares. in April, CPI inflation turned negative for the first time since 1960.
leanne wood spoke against a call by former plaid Cymru MP Adam price. she said income tax powers for Wales were many years away. however, she said it was an "interesting debate"
"i just feel like my body is telling me to give up," says the 10m platform diver. the 25-year-old from Plymouth also dived at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and 2009 world championship. she won a bronze medal at the 2009 european diving championship in Turin.
the trains had come from Bakersfield and los angeles. they collided near Oakland station at around 2200 local on wednesday. a passenger said there had been "an awful jolt" when the collision took place.
thepiratebay.se appears to have come back online a day early on 1 february. the site was taken offline following a raid in Sweden in December. police seized servers in an area in Nacka, south-east of Stockholm.
everton v Bournemouth, crystal palace v crystal palace, sunderland vs sundesrland, watford v aston villa, west brom v westham, arsenal v Norwich.
new study shows 1.5 degree limit will be breached over land, even if emissions of warming gases ceased immediately. around 180 countries have signed the Paris climate agreement. lower target was crucial in gaining support of small island states and the poorest developing countries.
the number of convictions last year in Wales was up 20%. the charity said the economic downturn was probably partly to blame. number of animals rescued or collected also more than doubled.
victim Vicky cherry, 44, had been missing for 15 months when her body was found. her boyfriend, Andrew reade, 43, admitted preventing the lawful burial of a body. he was sentenced at bolton crown court to four years and four months in jail. judge said
Blues start title defense with 2-0 win over Carrick. Ards beaten 6-3 by the reds at the Bangor Fuels Arena. crusaders begin campaign with 4-1 win over ballymena united.
the man who headed an inquiry into the future safety of Britain's banks has told the BBC that plans drawn up by the bank of england to prevent another crash, aren't strong enough. with banking shares already being hard hit this year because of worries about their strength and stability those comments by
ingram recently signed a two-year contract extension to play limited-overs cricket. the 31-year-old says he is not aiming for the high-profile Indian premier league. ingram underwent knee surgery in august 2016 after injury prevented him from playing four-day championship cricket
red bull's Christian Horner says formula one should "apologise to the fans" mercedes' nico rosberg was 0.360 seconds quicker than his team-mate in qualifying. a second run in the final session would have seen both drivers go faster. the
former chilean football association president Harold mayne-Nicholls served seven-year ban. the 56-year-old was one of five senior officials being investigated by fifa. he admitted speaking to officials from Qatar's bid about work placements for relatives.
police and firefighters were called to the fire at about 16:10 on wednesday. the body of the elderly man was found inside the house. police said a joint fire investigation would take place.
the images, taken by Syd shelton, from pontefract, include pictures of the clash, misty in roots and the specials. the collection also features photos taken at the rock Against racism carnival at Victoria park, hackney. shelton said he became involved with
Vaughan made his debut for wearsiders against st.johnstone on saturday. the 29-year-old striker joined from huddersfield last week. he says there is no pressure on him to score goals this season.
secretary of state was a member of the "remain campaign" lobbying against a us withdrawal from the Paris accord. it was also a blow to the state department, and to diplomacy. the president's daughter, Ivanka, took the lead in fighting the corner for the
barcelona beat real madrid 5-1 on aggregate in la liga clash. real without suspended star man Cristiano Ronaldo. pep Segura says signings of Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane dembele are "close"
the Electoral commission will decide whether to select Vote leave or Grassroots out. the winner will be able to spend up to £7m on tv broadcasts and advertising. relations between the two groups have been strained amid arguments over strategies.
the forum of imams and ulemas says the blogger should be executed. he was arrested in 2014 for an article criticising Mauritania's caste system. the article was later taken down as it was deemed blasphemous towards the prophet. rights
diamond wheels (dundee) Ltd will be sentenced for health and safety breaches in October. Steven conway, 33, died while working in a chemical tank in august 2011. he was wearing only trainers, tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt and fleece.
ceremony in Barrow marks the end of the build process for artful. another four nuclear-powered submarines are being built at the yard. ceremony was carried out by Amanda Lady Zambellas, wife of the royal navy's first sea Lord, Admiral Sir George Zambelas
former Fulham boss chris coleman has discussed extending his contract. ledley hopes Coleman will stay for the 2018 world cup qualifying campaign. wives, girlfriends and family members will be banned from team hotel.
security firm says satellite tracking system is "fundamentally broken" it does not encrypt data passing between devices and satellites, says security firm. globalstar has not yet issued any comment on the findings.
former Dynasty star was arrested at a protest against new water meters. she tweeted: 'no I am not the Joan Collins who was a rested (sic) yesterday' she said she was taking part in a "peaceful protest"
adult geese managed to squeeze through the box's small entrance. the goslings have arrived three weeks earlier than usual. there are about 1,100 breeding pairs in the UK.
Vokes has been with the clarets since joining from wolves in 2012. the 26-year-old has scored 31 goals in 137 appearances in all competitions for the club. he has netted five times in 27 games for Sean Dyche's side this season.
stand-in captain faced 535 balls across two innings to make 219 not out. he then made 68 in Surrey's 166-3 to keep Hampshire at bay. the draw sees third-placed Hampshire claim 12 points, while Surrey take 10.
Southern cross is holding a crisis meeting with landlords, lenders and government officials. the care home provider says it cannot afford to pay the full rent on its homes. landlords are expected to agree to a compromise in order to allow the firm to remain solvent.
guidelines say 85% of patients should wait a maximum of 62 days to begin treatment. but figures show this slipped to 84.4% from January to March this year. cancer charities said it was a worrying sign.
researchers looked at the impacts of rising temperatures on nearly 50,000 common species of plants and animals. they projected that if no significant efforts were made to limit greenhouse gas emissions, 2100 global temperatures would be 4C above pre-industrial levels. if global emissions reach their peak in 2016 and temperature rises
profits before tax fell slightly, from £85.8m to £83.5m. airports commission expected to recommend new runway capacity at either heathrow or gatwick later this summer. 906 air traffic movements on one day in august, a world record for a single-runway
councillor Mahboob Hussain is accused of six alleged council code of conduct breaches. the report was brought in 15 months ago to investigate alleged irregularities. a parallel police investigation ended in march with no further action.
arsenal to play chelsea in the community shield at wembley stadium on 6 august. £1.25m could be raised from the match, with the english football league also donating £175,000. 79 people are missing or presumed dead after a blaze destroyed 150 homes
"the planes are not leaving the skies at all," a rebel leader tells Reuters. "life in the city is paralysed," he adds. dozens of air strikes overnight kill 12 people, including three children.
john biggadike died when he fell while in the hoist and was impaled on a metal post. prosecution alleges hospital staff were not adequately trained and had wrongly removed a knee support pad. defence suggest his death was not caused by failings in training.
Cardinal Keith O'Brien, leader of the roman Catholic church in Scotland, urged Christians to wear a cross to symbolise their beliefs. he said it was the wrong time to "downgrade the status and professional excellence" of religious education in schools.
fire spread from one house to neighbouring properties in ballyoran park. no-one was injured, but two dogs died as the fire spread. investigation by the fire service and police concluded that the blaze had started accidentally.
county council says having one organisation to run all services could save £100m. county's five district councils have argued in favour of three councils instead. authorities have been criticised for engaging in a "turf war" over their rival devolution plans.
Angus macDonald made 67 league appearances for national league club torquay. the 23-year-old former english under-19 international has also played for reading and Wimbledon.
the co-operative group reported a pre-tax profit of £36m in the first half of 2015. this is despite the company reporting a loss of £9m a year earlier. these are the first results since radical changes to the business were brought in.
U33 is a german submarine acting as the unseen enemy below the waves. the task is to take out the command ship, the USS Vicksburg, and an oil tanker. it is seen as a response to the growing threat from Russian submarines.
Antares combusted seconds after leaving the seaside launch pad at wallops flight facility. initial planned launch of the spacecraft on Monday was delayed due to a yacht in the surrounding danger zone. the rocket was due to carry nearly 5,000lb (2,200kgs) of supplies
Shanique Pearson denies acting in a threatening manner. the 22-year-old denies using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour. she has admitted driving an unlicensed vehicle on the day in question.
team drills into the remnant bowl of the so-called chicxulub crater off mexico's Yucatan peninsula. they find evidence of enormous stress, of having experienced colossal pressures. at one stage, a mountain higher than everest was thrown
Deputy education minister Mduduzi manana appeared in court last week. he is accused of hitting the woman during an argument at the venue. president Jacob Zuma's office accepted his resignation on Saturday.
Eugene magee and shane o'donoghue score as ireland defeat poland 3-0. patryk bulgka pulls one back for the hosts before john McKee seals victory. france and Scotland will contest the other semi
in 2008, about 40 were recorded on the seahorse study site at south beach in the bay, but none have been spotted since 2013.
he used rubble from the city's construction to create sculptures at the rock garden. he had no formal education and worked as a road inspector in the city. "i saw beauty and art in what people said was junk," he said in an interview.
former technical director of british cycling resigns amid claims of discrimination. former head coach Shane Sutton is alleged to have used derogatory words like "wobblies" and "gimps" former european sprint champion jess Varnish also claims
the draft guidelines are still being considered by ministers and will be consulted on for 16 weeks. they include a recommendation that a consultant psychiatrist should be involved where a mental health assessment is required. there is an allowance for conscientious objection and a new section dealing with accountability and collecting data
public exams timetable is drawn up 18 months in advance of the exams themselves. exam boards always aim to be as fair as possible to all, says chief executive of the eoa. there is no last-minute change to scheduling to take into account a major football match.
a spanish court has suspended a ban on former france midfielder and world cup winner, 42, coaching real madrid castilla. the spanish football federation punished zidane and fellow reserve team coach Santiago Sanchez for not having the required qualifications.
technical issues involving a bridge increased the cost of the £21m project by £10m. the council is in a legal dispute with the contractor Carillion about the extra costs. Somerset County council said the delays had been "enormously frustrating"
maddison has now provided a league-high 15 assists for 11th-placed posh. the winger, 23, set up Martin Samuelsen's goal before scoring the second. he signed from gateshead in 2014 after starting his career at Newcastle united.
the closure of the Aberdeen control room was originally scheduled to be completed the previous month. calls have been made for the work to be postponed pending a review of the way calls to police are handled. the review was ordered following the deaths of two people in a car crash on the M
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as Sweden lost to Portugal in the world cup play-off. the match was billed as a showdown between the two world's best players. real madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick to take his side through
prominent human rights activist Pierre Claver Mbonimpa shot and wounded in apparent reprisal attack. prosecutor's office: "masterminds" behind murder of Gen Adolphe Nshimirimana still being sought. burundi has suffered serious unrest since president'
the big bang theory's Kaley cuoco was the second-highest paid actress. mindy kaling is the biggest climber in this year's Forbes chart.
a teenage boy has been rescued alive after spending five days trapped under rubble. official: more than 5,500 people killed, and injured at least 11,000. the UN says more than eight million people have been affected by the quake.
"attempts to destroy the revolution" will fail, says president raul Castro. u.s. has tightened restrictions on travel to and business with the communist island. but the embassy in havana, re-opened by former president Barack Obama, is still
don Juan in soho is a loose adaptation of Moliere's 17th century tragi-comedy don Juan. actor tennant plays the debauched lead character, DJ. the play has been updated and now includes references to vlogging.
the review came after an intruder with a knife entered the presidential residence. it said the agency needed more plainclothes and uniformed staff and a taller fence. the panel said the problems in the agency "go deeper than a new fence can fix"
Gibraltar's chief minister says talks are under way with uk's first minister, Nicola sturgeon. talks could see some parts of the uk stripped out and others remain, he says. scotland and gibraltar both voted to remain in
members of the RMT and aslef unions walked out on 4 January this year. the 24-hour strike, on 1 February, comes as part of a row over conditions. arrivala said it "regretted" the disruption January's strike caused.
paraguay suffered under decades of dictatorship until 1989. many oppose presidential re-election. senators say they will continue to campaign for a vote in the lower house.
ties between Russia and germany have worsened since 2014 annexation of Crimea. this is the first trip Mrs Merkel has made to Russia in two years. the pair are said to have a grudging respect for one another.
al-Rai's capture secures an important supply line from turkey for the rebels. at least 200 people are missing after an IS attack on a factory near Damascus, the government says. the area around dumeir has seen fierce fighting between government forces and IS
Ronnie o'Sullivan (Eng) 10-1 Barry Hawkins (eng) 50-66, 97-8 (70), 136-0 (136), 73-49 (52), 72-28, 64-36, 77-17 (77), 72-13 (72), 58-39
first minister says people accept ministers are not "miracle workers" on NHS. he says labour has "kept our promises" on health and other issues. tories say "greatest threat" to services is an Ed Miliband government.
nearly 250 people in Wales reported suspected stalkers to police between 2012 and 2015. charity is providing training for the police. 76% of women murdered by ex-partners had been stalked by them.
OECD projections show rising Asian economies accelerating ahead of west. china set to account for 29% of the world's graduates aged between 25 and 34. biggest faller is going to be the united states - down to 11%.
police hope scheme will help reduce financial crime by spotting scams before money is handed over. cash payments to fraudsters are typically much harder to trace than online payments. scheme aims to ensure banks and police are more active in protecting customers.
labour needs a swing of 3.9% to oust the conservative candidate in the west London constituency. some residents are concerned that local services cannot support the extra residents that house building will attract.
Ospreys players joined collectors in baglan moors on Tuesday. cracknell, de kock steenkamp, dafydd howells and sam parry took part. last week they took part in collections in Swansea and bridge
winds over 48 knots are not safe for airport staff to work in. passengers on nine planes were unable to leave as it was too windy to put access steps in place. flights from Edinburgh, Tenerife, Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Newcastle, Glasgow, Gatwick and Bristol
the 29-year-old former manchester united player will now fly to London to finalise personal terms and have a medical with the Hammers. marko arnautovic, 28, is just 12 months into a four-year contract with the potters. he scored seven times in 35
Shakespeare's Globe on bankside is a kind of living laboratory, with its own team of in-house scholars, researchers and academic advisers. building an indoor Jacobean theatre alongside the existing thatch-roofed, open-air playhouse was an academic challenge in itself. the
american owners of premier league club in talks over increasing capacity at the ground. the 21,000-capacity ground is the second smallest in the premier league behind vitality stadium. talks to buy the ground from the authority stalled in december.
QPR had two strong penalty claims turned down by referee Craig Pawson. the ex-Hoops striker has until 18:00 GMT on 13 march to respond. QPR remain without a win at home under head coach Chris Ramsey.
barclay leads scarlets to the final of the scottish rugby league. the 30-year-old left his native glasgow for wales two seasons ago. he led his team to victory in Friday's semi-final against leinster.
the 66-year-old former paratrooper was arrested in county Antrim on Tuesday. he is being questioned over the deaths of William Nash, Michael McDaid and John Young. leo young, whose brother John was killed aged 17, welcomed the news.
a 16-year-old stowaway has been identified by Chinese media as a boy from sichuan. he was found on 27 may, hiding in the cargo hold of flight EK303 from Shanghai. the boy said he did it because he heard beggar
downgrading licence fee evasion to a civil offence would penalise the poor, he says. move should be discussed during talks to renew the BBC's charter before 2017. ministers have floated the idea to ease pressure on the courts system.
the site at Knottingley, west yorkshire is to burn fuel from refuse, industrial and commercial waste including wood. the £300m plant is to create hundreds of jobs over a three-year build and should produce electricity for about 160,000 homes. construction is expected to begin in 2016 with
some 10,000 black men served in the british armed forces during world war two. they worked behind the scenes and on the frontline to defeat the nazis. "we were British subjects and that was something to be proud of," says one serviceman.
the four national football associations could not agree on sending a british women's team to the Rio games. england's fa had put forward the idea of sending teams to the Olympics. but Fifa said it would need the agreement of the ruling bodies in Scotland
farmers, conservationists and the RSPB have worked together to preserve the breeding habitat in fields. the birds, which winter in africa, return to Breckland farms in April. fields have been specially ploughed for birds to get at worms and insects while plants that attract them
former leader of the labour party in scotland resigns after three years in office. she accuses the party of treating Scotland like a "branch office" of the party based in london. former first minister from 2001 to 2007 said he was "
ARM, which was founded in 1990, employs more than 3,000 people. shares in the firm surged by 45% at the open of the lse to 1,742.85p per share. ARM said it would at least double the number of its staff over the next five years
the lowland league champions, 3-0 up after the first leg, went further ahead through Dougie Gair's chipped finish. cove levelled on the day through Jamie Watt, but the Highland League champions could make up the remainder deficit. and Edinburgh will place League Two bottom
half a million people have had to leave work for medical reasons within five years before they were due to retire. research by the TUC points to a significant north/south divide. in the south west of England, just one in 13 people blamed sickness or disability for leaving work.
university hospital coventry is undergoing remedial work because its structures "were not as robust" as originally planned. the hospital trust says interim safety measures are in place during the work. construction firm Skanska, which built the hospital, declined to comment.
a bomb exploded after being thrown at coalisland police station in 1997. the 37-year-old man has been charged with causing an explosion. he is due to appear at Dungannon magistrates' court on Wednesday.
the stamps are designed by comic book artist John higgins. they feature scenes from the start, spread and aftermath of the great fire. the fire raged across the city from 2 to 5 September 1666.
the encrypted credit card details of up to 90,000 people may have been accessed. the data could include names, addresses, dates of birth and bank details. Dixons carphone has apologised for the attack and said additional security measures were brought in.
one-off 45-minute class inspired by postcard depicting internees putting on a Pilates display. Pilates spent three and a half years interned at the Knockaloe camp near peel. after the war he dedicated his life to refining his methods which are still used
two women are accused of murdering two-year-old Liam at a house in fife. they are also accused of ill-treating two other boys and neglecting Liam. the 12-minute video was shown to the jury at the high court in livingston.
hospital, ambulance and mental health trusts were already £2.2bn in the red. experts are warning the pressure the overspend puts hospitals under has an impact on care. the figures account for about two-thirds of the entire £116bn health budget.
in-work benefits ban has to be agreed by all EU nations at a summit on 18 february. it will be graduated, so the longer migrant workers stay in the uk, the more benefits they will be entitled to. pm says move will "make a difference" to high
LeMond is the only american winner of the tour after british doping scandal. the 52-year-old says he is not capable of winning the tour. leMond says Armstrong shouldn't be allowed to be back in sport.
Swiss authorities have been investigating Malaysia's scandal-hit 1MDB fund since last year. last week, its attorney-general said $4bn (£2.8bn) may be missing from Malaysian state firms. a Malaysian minister said this was not possible due to extensive audits,
the name of the local authority was changed to derry city council in 1985. the british government allowed staff in government departments to use 'Derry' or 'Londonderry' in official letters. lua said it reinforced the claim for a separate district council for
actor played aristocrat jewel thief AJ Raffles in BBC's Colditz. he had been suffering from Parkinson's disease. his agent described him as "brilliant" and "talented"
the musical sequel earned more in its first weekend than the $65m that the first film pulled in over the course of its entire us run. directed by actress Elizabeth banks, it marks the highest ever opening for a first-time feature film director. the film sees Anna Kendrick and Rebel Wilson
Scorpio console reportedly designed from start to make newer games playable at ultra-high 4k resolutions and at high frame rates. hardware inside the console will have a central processor with eight cores that run at 2.3GHz. graphical processing unit inside the box is 4.6 times more powerful
Jeremy zeid said president obama should be "locked up" by the Israelis. he was referring to the declassification of documents on Israel's nuclear programme. it is not clear exactly when he resigned, but he made the posts last
100 years since he was born, so newsround takes a look at his life.
pret launched a scheme for 500 teenagers amid looming staff shortages. the Guardian reported the young people would only get free food. but following criticism, the sandwich chain said it would pay participants.
the takeover of the Gulls by swindon-based Gaming international (GI) was confirmed on Tuesday. before the deal being finalised, Nicholson had said he was unsure what it meant for his own future. the 36-year-old has been in charge of the
the £15,000 prize was presented to London-born writer KJ orr at a ceremony in london. author and judge Kei Miller described the story as "a near perfect example of how the short story works" runner-up Claire-Louise Bennett received £3,000 in prize money for
two sharks - an oceanic white tip and a mako shark - have been caught by local fishermen. but experts say there is no evidence so far that either of them are responsible for the attacks. shark attacks on humans are extremely rare, according to scientists.
incident involving a black Ford Ka happened on st fillans road. girl is being treated at ninewells hospital in Dundee.
Nepal Scotland association said many members lost friends and loved ones in the devastating earthquake last weekend. charity concert to raise money for the relief effort was also held in the city.
farmers have been hit by delays in processing EU farm payments. problems with a £178m computer system set up to administer the policy. the Scottish government said 59% of payments have now been made.
the 29-year-old batsman scored 95 on the first day of the third test against india. a century would have been perfect, but sometimes these things are not meant to be. cook's innings was not only a contribution for himself, but also for the other senior players in the
general Lord Dannatt said it was wrong to "talk up" the incidents. he said the Afghan government must retain the support of the west. there has been a surge in insurgent attacks over the past month.
if you can hear the clouds rumbling, chances are the storm is close enough for you to be hit by lightning - it can strike up to 10 miles away from the centre of a storm. if caught outside in a thunderstorm, find a low spot away from trees, fences
HMRC had applied to put the f1 team in administration over unpaid tax. the high court granted the adjournment after hearing a share purchase agreement was due. completion of the purchase agreement due on 16 December.
Northants' seventh draw from eight division two matches leaves them seventh. Sussex lie in sixth position and only three points better off with a game in hand.
Bennett was appointed head coach in February, succeeding Steve McNamara. the 66-year-old is the most successful coach in australian rugby league history. he has been given a two-year contract with England until the 2017 world cup.
south Korea's Ji so-yun nets twice in first-half stoppage time for 2015 double winners Chelsea. part-time sunderland draw their second from two games so far. Chelsea had 23 shots on target and a further 23 off target against Yeovil.
the victim alleged that former senator Wilfred Krichefski carried out the attack with another man. in a 2008 police statement, the victim said he was taken by a member of staff who said: "i have a boy for you, sir" no witnesses gave evidence in person
Maud Kells was shot outside her home in the democratic republic of congo. the 75-year-old narrowly missed death or paralysis after the bullet hit her shoulder. she wants to help free a man who has been imprisoned for involvement in the crime.
3,000 turn out for charity rugby match organised by former player's sons. the match was to raise money for the Marie Therese hospital in Hayle. former all blacks player Jerry Collins had been due to play. matavesi senior came to the uk on a rugby tour
police were called to the address in the town's Gordon street at about 20:55. a 40-year-old woman and a 45- year-old man were found dead inside. both deaths are still being treated as unexplained.
18-year-old was stopped by police at Manchester airport after returning from turkey. he is also alleged to have provided internet links to others with speeches and propaganda that encouraged acts of terrorism.
Coral says it takes its commitments to responsible gambling "extremely seriously" one manager said he was instructed to offer machine players refreshments. another manager said managers were paid a bonus if they hit machine profit targets.
Straker has been without a club since leaving york in January. the 27-year-old made 27 appearances for the yorkshire side.
five people killed and dozens injured after an attacker - now named as Khalid Masood - drove a car on a pavement, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of parliament. addresses in Birmingham and London have also been searched. the
tourism accounts for 10% of GDP and has been one of the bright spots in the economy. the prime minister has said that it was the "worst ever attack" on Thailand. industry experts say it will take more than this initial show of strength to convince investors and visitors.
Steven Walters, 48, pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault at Stafford crown court. chief constable david Thompson said the case represented "one of the worst violations of policing integrity" Walters was also found guilty of gross misconduct and dismissed from the force.
giving a backie is illegal under the terms of the 1998 Road and traffic act. offenders can be fined up to £200. the mayor has apologised, saying he did not know he was breaking the law.
women and men are being deceived into performing sex acts online. recordings are then used to try to blackmail them. victims were told to transfer money to an account based in west africa.
this time he's explaining the difference between deficit and debt. but there's a catch: he has to do it in as short a time as possible.
the animal, nicknamed menai, was discovered at Tan-y-foel close to Anglesey sea zoo. it was the first time an olive ridley turtle had been in the UK. records dating back to 1748 showed it was first Olive ridley to
Erhun Oztumer scored his sixth goal of the season in the 17th minute. the midfielder then grabbed his seventh in the second half. swindon could have equalised on the stroke of half-time but failed to get a shot away.
the system in Rhyl, Prestatyn and Rhuddlan was run by denbighshire council. county council spending cuts saw it passed to a partnership a year ago. partnership board prioritised 32 cameras in the three towns according to their importance in tackling crime and
south Sudan beat south africa 4-1 in the central eastern zone qualifier. Madagascar beat Malawi 2-0 on aggregate in the second leg in Lilongwe. seychelles draw 1-1 in mahé as Mauritius progress 3-2 on aggregate.
the deal on Iran's nuclear programme came after years of negotiations. the supreme leader also denied that Iran was intending to create a nuclear bomb. he said it was now necessary for Iranian politicians to scrutinise the agreement.
Texas passed the legislation last year and it goes into effect in august. supporters of the law argue it is "critical" to self-defence and upholding constitutional rights. but for dean of the Texas school of architecture, guns should not be allowed on university grounds. "i thought I would
three members of the party's NEC have quit in protest at the decision. they accuse the governing body of "deliberately obstructing" the contest. the winner of the leadership contest is scheduled to be announced on 15 September.
the 24-year-old has turned down the offer of a new contract with crewe. he becomes Walsall's second signing of the summer, following the arrival of Luke leahy from falkirk. "we'll be getting Jon at a good stage of his career
Timothy geaney admitted downloading images of young boys partially dressed in erotic poses. he was given a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register. his conduct was found to be "fundamentally incompatible" with being a registered teacher.
Owen Jones, 52, of caernarfon, gwynedd, had held a licence for more than 30 years. police claimed he was not fit to hold a firearms certificate after looking at his profile. a senior police officer regarded the posts as "
the 29-year-old finished 11th in the -94kg class at the 2012 olympics. retests of his 2012 sample revealed the presence of a steroid. six more competitors from Vardanian's event at the london Olympics
Cardiff narrowly missed out on the play-offs last season, finishing eighth in the table. but new head coach Paul trollope believes the Welsh side are capable of better. Pilkington scored Cardiff's first goal in their 4-0 friendly win at Shrewsbury.
parents tell of moment two police officers knocked on their door. they said: "we looked at each other and said 'it's Harry'. we knew even then." the trial at Newcastle crown court heard Dhillon had become obsessed with the 24-year-old and had stalked her
the BBC's James landale says he is going voluntarily at the age of 52. his departure came as a surprise after 25 years on the front bench for the conservatives. he will be replaced by Lord Hill of Oareford, a former John Major aide.
Adelie Ireland took over The Bite Group last year. the company makes sandwiches and snack foods for convenience stores and retail outlets.
matsuri Takahashi, 24, jumped to her death in December last year. she had started working at dentsu in April 2015 and was soon doing an additional 100 hours a month. in September the Japanese government ruled that her death had been caused by overwork.
Darren byrne, 40, denies murder and arson at chelmsford crown court. prosecutors say he struck his wife on the head at their home in theydon bois. the couple had two children together who were not at home at the time.
two suicide bombers hit army bus in Kabul, injuring two soldiers and two civilians. blasts come a day after new president Ashraf Ghani signed a deal letting us troops stay. the Taliban claimed responsibility for both attacks on twitter.
chapelcross, near Annan, is one of five sites being considered but is the only one north of the border. consultation was at the Victoria halls in Annan on Friday. ministers are planning that waste from nuclear-powered royal navy submarines would be stored at one of the sites.
google chairman says company did what was "legally required" to pay taxes. he said it was up to the government to change its tax system. google paid £10m in UK corporate taxes between 2006 and 2011.
tensions remain between the ruling Frelimo party and the opposition former rebel movement Renamo. more than half of mozambique's 24 million people still live below the poverty line. the discovery of gas fields off Mozambiques' coast in 2011 is set to transform the economy.
Robin Hood, also known as Tim Pollard, appropriately met Sally Chappell at a banquet. instead of wedding presents they have asked for donations towards a relaxing space for Ms Chapell, who has incurable breast cancer. the couple have a two-year-old daughter called
Southend remain in 13th place in the table. the latics have a sizeable cushion above the relegation places.
the Kidman cattle empire is australia's largest landholding, encompassing some of the driest and toughest country australia has to offer. sidney and sackville kidman wanted to grow livestock in the country's dry centre, supported by Queensland's channel country rivers.
the Bantams went ahead on 43 minutes when Billy Clarke started and finished a move. but the Shrews levelled a minute after the restart with a messy goal.
prince visited village of surama in the Iwokrama rainforest. met rangers to learn about the steps being taken to protect the rainforest. later visited school and the Kaieteur Falls.
shots were fired from a car near St Brendan's primary school. the victim was hit a number of times. police have appealed for witnesses to contact them.
andal ampatuan junior is accused of orchestrating the massacre of 57 civilians. he is one of 27 members of his family charged in connection with the killings - five are with him in custody. but for many Filipinos, this trial is about much more than establishing guilt
the proposals for tax, benefit and economic reform submitted by the Greek government feel very familiar. pretty much everything wanted by the creditors is there - with the odd tweak or softening. but nothing looks as though it ought to be noxious to them.
drivers from the rail, Maritime and Transport union have unanimously backed the deal. maintenance workers represented by the TSSA and RMT have rejected the proposal. the service was due to start on some lines at weekends last September but has been delayed.
Gwilym Joseph dies at the age of 91. he was awarded an MBE for services to football and the economy in 2014. the club stalwart was also the club lead on building the Liberty stadium.
gallacher twisted his ankle in training, making him a doubt for derby with hibernian. the 28-year-old goalkeeper spent four seasons at well after a six-year spell with airdrie.
a consortium was considering a formal bid for the financially-troubled Bulls. a sale was expected after christmas, but that bid has been rejected. the bulls entered administration on 14 November.
L/Cpl James Brynin was shot while on patrol in Helmand province on 15 October. the 22-year-old was born in Shoreham-by-sea, west Sussex, and joined the army in 2011. he was repatriated via RAF Bri
332-acre total includes 100 acres burnt in Locaber on 1 may. landowners contributed more than £1m towards the cost of the fire fighting. north-west Highlands was the worst hit during a dry and windy spell of weather.
panel of judges compiled a list of the country's 100 most influential females. further down were author JK rowling at seventh and deputy first minister Nicola sturgeon at 20th. the queen's granddaughter-in-law, the duchess of cambridge,
O'Sullivan takes the first three frames and wins 4-1. home favourite higgins beats compatriot Scott Donaldson. Stephen Maguire defeats fellow Scot Fergal O'Brien.
prince says he used to "bury his head in the sand" but now views life "very, very differently" co-founded charity with prince seeiso of lesotho to help young people affected by HIV/Aids. said it was "fun to be good and
more than 1,000 drivers and engineers were set to stage the walkout on bank holiday Monday in a dispute over rosters. it was supposed to be the second day of strike action after unite members at tower transit took action on Friday.
the move opens the way for us sales of Samsung's older tablet model to restart. Samsung filed a motion on Tuesday against apple's iPhone 5 saying its patents had been violated. the ban on sales of the Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the us was put in place in June ahead of
the 24-year-old australian has spent his entire professional career at Newcastle. he made his debut in 2014 and has made 44 appearances, five of them in 2017. head coach Chris Chester: "it will bring in a genuine competition and add quality"
prince alwaleed is one of the world's richest men. he owns stakes in many well-known companies, including news corp. prince also has investments in a number of media groups in the arab world.
questionnaire sent to 568 women in almost 40 different sports, with 339 responding. survey was carried out as part of women's sport week. sports minister Tracey Crouch believes more needs to be done to "stamp out" sexism. women make up 45%
there are 67 items in total, including a Dalek from 1966, and a cyberman from the show's 19th series. the full collection of film memorabilia, including the props, is the best he's ever seen. the auctioneer has said that the
the Ibrox club ripped up its contract with former chief executive charles green. it was alleged the club only received about 7p in every £1 spent on club products. Mr Ashley claimed the deal, struck with former Rangers chief executive, was wrongly terminated.
peer said proposals for a new international body to monitor paramilitary activity would have "much less power" than the panel he sat on. he said the new body would only be able to produce a few proposals for the Executive. former church of ireland
fire broke out at a building in Stewartville street, in partick, at about 12:15. the blaze triggered a large response from the emergency services. four people were treated at the scene for the effects of smoke inhalation.
Boeing engineers have been fitting new batteries to the aircraft over the past week. this was after aviation authorities approved the revamped battery design. the batteries are now enclosed in stainless steel boxes which go directly to the outside.
the artists wrote graffiti reading "homeland is racist" they were asked to write the graffiti in June to "lend authenticity" to a set depicting a refugee camp. the episode featuring the set in question aired on 11 October in the us.
10-year-old sprinter sacre retired from racing at the end of the 2013 season. he won 18 races, nine of them at the highest level - Grade One. trainer Nicky Henderson nicknamed him an 'equine James bond'
the cockpit voice recorder from the accident off shetland in 2013 was recovered by the air accidents investigation branch. a judge ruled it was in the public interest and the interests of justice to make it available. the British airline pilots' association said it had lodged an appeal
two north east tory MPs have been keen to comment on the future for both Scottish and english devolution following the referendum no vote. they support the push for Scottish MPs to be excluded from votes on english matters. but they believe other measures are needed specifically for the north.
five incidents potentially linked to heroin were reported between 23 October and Friday. det insp leigh mears said he "cannot rule out the possibility that the deaths and the medical emergencies are linked to the same batch of heroin"
the deal will increase the number of stores owned by Sydney-listed Domino's Pizza Enterprises to 1,870. the joint venture will be two-thirds owned by the australian company and the remainder by the London-listed company. up to 15 of its german stores will be bought by the joint
a 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder after a stand-off with police. a family tribute read: "a partner, soul mate, father, brother, uncle and our best friend" a post mortem examination was carried out on Saturday but the cause of death is
the attack was reported to have taken place in 2001, police said. the 54-year-old is due to appear at north cumbria magistrates' court.
Rafael Esquivel admitted receiving bribes in connection with the sale of marketing rights to tournaments. he was among seven officials arrested at a luxury hotel in Switzerland last year. more than 40 individuals and entities have been charged under the probe.
cnn's john avlon looks at some of the highlights of a week that will likely cast a shadow over u.s. politics for years to come. in the days since the debate, where once he used to downplay crowd's "lock her
home affairs select committee calls for review of laws governing undercover policing. women tell how they felt when it emerged their relationships were based on deception. former PC mark Kennedy posed as long-haired dropout mark "flash" stone.
police say imran khawaja is one of the most dangerous jihadists to return from conflict. the 27-year-old from southall, west london, is facing a possible life sentence. he was a member of a group of fighters affiliated
Craig Nelson, who was also known as Craig Preston, was found at the woodhead tunnels off the A628 in Derbyshire. a man, 41, and a woman, 23, were arrested in Sheffield by south Yorkshire police and remain in custody.
theresa may will meet her internal critics head on, but widespread demands for her to go are not expected. there is a feeling that the party is holding on to nurse for fear of something worse. some kind of arrangement with the DUP is seen as inevitable, but one MP cautioned
the FA is the organisation that looks after all football in England. it was formed in 1863 and is the oldest football association in the world. the government wants the FA to be more of a reflection of modern society.
manifesto promises not to raise income tax or national insurance contributions. winter fuel allowance will be means-tested with the money spent on health and social care in England given a share of the cash. there is a commitment to modernise the railways but not specifically to electrify the Great Western
England lose all 10 wickets in 22.5 overs as Bangladesh win by 108 runs. they were chasing 273, with Mehedi hasan taking 6-77 and Shakib al hasan 4-49. Bangladesh had only beaten Zimbabwe and a weakened west indies in 95 previous
the past decade in Europe has been the warmest on record, the EEA says. it adds that the cost of damage caused by extreme weather events is rising. the findings have been published ahead of next week's UN climate conference.
the 25-year-old failed to recover from a head injury he suffered during the premiership sevens in august 2015. "i am devastated that I have been forced to retire from rugby through injury," said pewtner. in may 2015, another Dragons player Ashley Smith had to retire
death of virgil runnels, who was his real name, announced by world wrestling entertainment. the texan-born fighter won several world titles and became famous during the height of wrestling's popularity. a WWE spokesman declined to give a cause of death or any details
the european market accounts for 73% of the UK's agri-food exports. 40% of Scottish lamb is exported to the eu.
nine clinical commissioning groups are offering GP practices payments for hitting targets. appointments affected include scans and consultations with specialists - including those for cancer patients. the British Medical Association said such incentives were "misguided"
west brom's diafra sakho has only played twice all season with a back problem. the 27-year-old has now returned to light training following surgery. hammers medical boss says he is at the start of his own pre-season training schedule
yentob says it would be a disappointment if the other presenters quit Top Gear. he says it was "perfectly natural" for the presenters to have reservations about continuing. the BBC has so far not commented on the future of Richard Hammond and james may
negotiations over who will run the £200m Metrobus network have stalled. bus companies are reluctant to run the service on a commercial basis. the first of the new bus routes are due to be completed in the next few months.
paralympic discus champion, 24, beats his mark of 15.93m set last year. threw 16.14m when competing with able-bodied rivals at the British indoor championships. Davies is set to be named next month among the first phase of athletes for the Rio paraly
Dutch cyclist Annemiek van Vleuten tells BBC sport about her crash in rio de janeiro. the 33-year-old was leading the road race when she crashed into a tree. two weeks after the crash she was back on her bike and racing again.
e-Education Project travelled across the country to give children in rural areas an access to education. doga Makiura is based in Bangkok where he has started his own company. his mobile phone app Personal Data Bank aims to build a more efficient infrastructure.
baxter, 24, played the last of his 93 league games for united in February. he was then banned for an unspecified reason by the club. midfielder Ryan flynn, 24, who scored 13 goals in 153 league games, has also been released.
the government changed the rules in January 2014, with this type of funding is no longer used to support mortgage lending. banks and building societies are able to access the funds until the end of January 2015. the aim is to encourage the UK's commercial banks to borrow more money, and more cheaply than
maria carreiro, 51, said she "ran down the street like a crazy woman" she bought the lottery ticket for a Friday drawing and checked at the store on saturday morning. 60% of winners of more than C$1m paid off debts, 56% took a
same-sex marriage is legal in England, Scotland, Wales and the republic of ireland. but it is banned in Northern Ireland. a joint case was taken by the first lesbian couple and the first gay couple to enter civil partnerships in the UK. judge said it was for the
the Swaledale ram helped to form a guard of honour for a rugby union match. the animal's first public appearance will be at an Aviva premiership match between Worcester Warriors and Sale Sharks at sixways stadium, Worcester.
parkin put the visitors ahead from the rebound after his penalty was saved. Frear made it 2-0 before the break when he fired in Keanu Marsh-Brown's cross. Darren Carter's shot hit the bar for Halifax in the second half.
Daniel bebb-jones, 23, was arrested by anti-terror police near an army reserve centre on Sunday night. he was found in possession of knives and an axe. police say there are not believed to be any links to terrorism.
manxman finishes 22nd on final time trial to top the general classification. team-mate Dario cataldo wins final day's 10km individual time trial. victory is the 24 year-old's first stage-race triumph of his professional career.
distance runner eilish mccolgan likens herself to a cyborg foot. the 25-year-old broke her ankle in 2015 and has since had two screws and a metal plate. a top-two finish in the 5,000m at the British
the Murrayfield side are seventh in the table and face a difficult run-in. the immediate target is a win in Wales on sunday against Newport Gwent Dragons. a home match against second-bottom Zebre five days later follows.
brother-in-law of 7/7 bomber mohammad sidique khan speaks out for the first time. he says he did not know his brother was capable of carrying out the attacks. "he's a coward. how is his daughter supposed to live the rest
left-wing anti-austerity alliance politician Richard Boyd Barrett brought the dab to the Dáil. he said politicians "need to start to listen to young people" in the Irish parliament. "for a lot of teenagers these days, it's the cultural language of
customers will use an app that has a gauge measuring consumption. the company says it is an attempt to simplify energy bills. customers will be able to buy packages of gas and electricity from one day to a month.
Sen McCain has repeatedly called for the us to provide military aid to members of the Syrian insurgency. he is understood to have entered Syria through turkey and was on the ground there for several hours. news of the trip came as US Secretary of State John Kerry met his Russian counterpart Sergey Lav
Konta is through to the semi final of the competition. she faces five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams.
jak trueman, 15, was suffering from a rare form of blood cancer called gamma delta T-cell lymphoma. he had been documenting his life and treatment on social media. on Saturday he briefly attended a school prom held in his honour.
former corries musician will talk about her life outside of politics. authors Christopher Brookmyre and lesley riddoch will also be festival guests. the 12th annual event will be held from 1-6 September.
almost three quarters of young people in the Highlands have drunk alcohol by the time they turn 15. there has been a 10% reduction in underage drinking in the region since 2010. but it remains above the national average.
IS militants are putting up fierce resistance, using snipers and suicide bombers. about 50,000 Iraqi security forces personnel, soldiers, police are involved in the offensive. IS captured Mosul in June 2014 and is the jihadist group's last major urban stronghold.
environment minister says conflict between development and nature has never been so serious. comments came ahead of china's annual session of parliament, which opens on 5 march. premier wen said china was lowering its annual economic growth target from 7.5% to 7%.
house of pietro's owner collapsed as a result of the quake. cat was taken to a veterinary clinic and is said to be in a critical condition.
the euro is shaking again after the chaos-election in Greece. change of the guard in france has robbed angela Merkel of her most important partner. what do the rescuers do, if those they are trying to rescue don't want to be rescued?
the Hidden Abbey Project hopes to uncover the high altar where the king and queen are buried. the survey is the first comprehensive archaeological investigation at Reading Abbey for more than 150 years. further survey are due to be carried out on the abbey church, forbury gardens and reading gaol car park
a tearful bill Jones tells the crowd it's a "great honour" for his father. fellow Python star michael palin pays tribute to his "most wonderful friend" sian grigg wins the sian Phillips award.
the move comes after Mexico drew their opening confederations cup game 2-2 with Portugal in Russia. Fifa has since warned the FMF about "insulting and discriminatory chants" some fans of Mexico shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal-kick which
art specialist Christopher Marinello is chief executive of the art recovery group. the group has retrieved over US$500m (£330m) of stolen and looted works of art. it is feared that hundreds of valuables have been smuggled out of the country.
mae arberth, Sir Benfro sy'n helpu i ddod â theulu o ffoaduriaid i'r DU a chynnig cartref iddyn nhw.
women's world number one Karolina pliskova opens play at the us open. defending champion angelique kerber plays Naomi osaka of japan. top seed rafael nadal faces dusan lajovic of serbia in third match
KKR's new bid is a joint venture with fellow us private equity firm Rhone Group. proposed offer is worth AU$5.20 a share and represents 11% increase on earlier offer. TWE formed in 1995 as the wine division of australia's Foster's group.
Paul heatley sent-off in the 41st minute for an off-the-ball incident. heatley had a shot parried by referee Keith Kennedy. Jordan forsythe dismissed for a crude two-footed challenge on Lyndon Kane.
the Scream (1892) depicts a figure holding its face, which is making an agonised expression. but look above this individual and the sky is full of colourful wavy lines. the unusual sky formation has previously been ascribed to volcanic effects.
the citizens advice bureau is getting a growing number of complaints from the public about companies' techniques. would you be happy to talk to a BBC journalist?
the frenchman, 25, died as a result of head injuries suffered in a crash at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix. the 25-year-old raced with Chilton at Marussia in 2013 and 2014. "he was a driver destined to probably be a world champion," said the
researchers say the game could generate an unprecedented amount of data. understanding how people navigate 3d environments is important because the skill is often one of the first lost by people with dementia.
CCTV images show the 23-year-old, believed to be from Dunfermline, walking through the streets of the town after he left friends. his uncle Tony Wringe said his nephew kept in close contact with his family. officers, supported by the RAF, Suffolk Lowland Search
the union Unite organised the rally at the firm's headquarters in Derbyshire. the union has called for an end to "victorian working practices" and demanded staff get a living wage of £7.85 an hour. Sports Direct said casual workers receive holiday and sick pay,
new guidance from national institute for health and care excellence aims to increase testing in people with undiagnosed HIV in England. 17% of people with the virus are unaware of their infection, so risk unintentionally passing it on to their sexual partners. two-thirds of late HIV diagnoses
three-time bankrupt Dominic Chappell was approached to raise money secured against property to use as working capital. he was joined in the commons by representatives from accountants Grant Thornton and lawyers Olswang to explain their involvement as advisers to him.
truck driver claims he regularly sees drivers use drugs to keep themselves awake. drug testing firms say to have 10% of haulage drivers test positive for drugs was "not unusual" road safety minister Mike Penning insists Britain's roads are among the safest in the world.
rebel fighters have agreed a ceasefire and will leave Homs to president Assad's tender mercies. the opposition wants President Assad not across the table but at least out of power. there is a conference in Saudi Arabia designed to sort this out, but some significant players are
officials estimate that about 80% of the houses in the Mashkel area collapsed. relief operation has been hampered by the remoteness of the affected area. residents of the town have close ties with ethnic Balochs in Iran's Sistan province.
most of the 32 defendants are from Saudi Arabia's restive eastern province. one is an Iranian national and another an Afghan. tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran have escalated in recent weeks.
18-year-old will provide cover for Luke Daniels, who starts a three-match ban. he was sent off in the opening day defeat at Burton on saturday.
Kev Brady said he was terrified as he paddled more than 200 miles along the Mahaweli. he now aims to paddle the 800 miles (1,300 km) around the coast of Sri Lanka. his previous feats include canoeing along the Mississippi and swimming the length of
slipper defected from opposition leader Tony abbot's party last year. he was swiftly promoted to the non-voting role of Speaker. his resignation could harm Ms Gillard's slender majority.
80,000 passengers and crew have sailed into Belfast this year on 43 different tourist ships. money has been invested in Belfast Harbour to ensure it can cope with the increasingly large vessels sailing into the city. the Titanic Visitor Centre has attracted more than 500,000 visitors since it opened six months ago
"the economy of YouTube is based off honesty porn," says vlogger TomSka. the 24-year-old says being "painfully honest" is the only way to attract viewers. he says it's harder to make money through brand endorsements.
housebuilders are sitting on landbanks in order to maximise profits, says Steve Morgan. he says the planning system is the biggest barrier to new houses. redrow has just short of 26,000 plots in its landbank.
england beaten 17-16 by australia in first competitive game in charge of world cup. defeat leaves hopes of reaching final in doubt, although there are still two matches to play. englands captain chris hall scores 29th international try in 29 games.
Robson won her first tournament since the age of 14 - capturing the ITF title in landisville, Pennsylvania. it was by far and away her biggest triumph since first feeling the effects of a wrist injury in the late summer of 2013. she underwent surgery on her dominant left wrist in
PC Keith Burgess, 41, also faces three counts of misconduct in public office. he was based at Southampton central police station.
former everton youth coach joins hibernian on a two-year contract. he replaces Terry butcher, who was sacked following relegation last season. the 42-year-old will be hoping to lead the club back to the top flight at the first attempt
Simmons's Irish exited from the World cup after Sunday's defeat by Pakistan. cricket Ireland are not expected to stand in his way if he accepts the job. a quick Simmons appointment would see him take charge for the test series against english next month.
project to restore newark's Magnus buildings into a museum about the 17th century war. the centre could attract more than 60,000 visitors each year, according to the authority. newark and sherwood district council said it has applied to other grant-funding bodies.
the 19-year-old forward has yet to play a competitive first-team match. he had a three-game loan spell at National League side Wrexham earlier this term.
Laura muir breaks 25-year-old record by 14 seconds at the Emirates arena in glasgow. race was a mixed 3K where all the other girls ran 3K and only Muir finished the 5K. british athletics confirms Muin's time
the five are accused of running a notorious detention centre in Buenos aires. they deny kidnapping, torturing, and killing left-wing activists under military rule. a sixth man, former vice cmdr nestor guillamondegui, was excuse
england lead australia 1-0 in the second test at Lord's on Thursday. all-rounder moeen ali is a precautionary injury concern ahead of the second Test. but cook says: "it's always nice to be underdogs"
the former HSBC bank building is due to house 16 flats including a penthouse. the Victorian society opposed the plan, saying it would cause "unjustified harm" the four-storey building was constructed in 1874 for coal exporters cory bros.
new minerals are being formed faster than at any time in Earth's history, researchers say. 208 man-mediated minerals are listed in a paper just published by the american mineralogist. minerals found in mines, smelters, archaeological artefacts and museum specimen drawers
the boy's mother said the foetus "was formed with organs like those of a baby" it is believed to be the first reported case of the condition in Malaysia. it occurs when an "additional twin gets absorbed into the body of the living twin"
a total of 13 athletes from scotland will compete at the world championships. runner Laura muir leads the way, having set five British and two european records. fellow Scots Eilidh Doyle, Zoey Clark, Chris O'Hare, steph
the planned attack was in revenge for alleged bullying, the post claimed. police confirmed they were investigating the source and would ensure the school's safety. principal Tony Nicholson said the safety of pupils and staff was paramount.
five women aged between 18 and 29 are now living with IS militants in the conflict zones. police say the women were recruited on social media. concern has been rising about australians going to the middle east to fight for IS. the government will soon introduce legislation to strip dual citizens of their citizenship
Durham were all out for 327 in their innings against warwickshire. the home side were unbeaten in their first two games in division one. adam stoneman scored his first century of the season from 179 balls.
the report shows economic warnings from pro-EU groups have been "baseless scaremongering" the report comes after the CBI warned a British exit from the EU could cost the UK economy £100bn and nearly one million jobs.
the australia opener is being investigated over claims of an attack. he has been dropped from Wednesday's match against new zealand. coach Mickey Arthur can ask players: "do you want to win the ashes against all the odds? or do you simply want to be a laughing
firefighters who retired between 2001 and 2006 received lower lump sums than they should have because of an error by the UK government. the Treasury has given the Welsh government £5m to compensate those affected in Wales. it follows a ruling by the Pensions Ombudsman in a test case in may
communication between two proteins is what triggers cell tent to lose its shape. this allows the cells to travel to other areas of the body. researchers say findings could help prevent the spread of lung cancer.
Bedene beats Carreno busta in five sets to reach the third round of the roland garros. the 26-year-old surrenders a two-set advantage but recovers to win 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 4-6 5-7 6-2. compat
the new ambassador, Jeffrey deLaurentis, had been working at the new us embassy in havana, which opened in July last year. president Obama and Cuba's president Raul Castro have begun to reignite the diplomatic relations that were broken off in 1961 after the island's commun
aston villa loanee callum Robinson pulls goal back for birmingham city. jack Marriott scores first goal of the game after beating two defenders. city lose for the second game in a row.
virtual reality headset will allow gamers to experience a virtual gaming world. it's being sold for £549 and you'll need a very powerful computer. similar products on the market include HTC's Vive VR headset.
despite being the richest country per capita in the world, Qatar also needs to import 90% of its food. the small Gulf state is 100% dependent on desalinated water. it sits on the world's third largest gas field and is investing billions into mega-reservoirs
Iranian president's visit to italy and france is the first by an Iranian president in nearly two decades. he is expected to secure valuable trade deals following the lifting of international sanctions over Iran's nuclear programme. contracts worth around €17bn ($18.4bn; £12
EastEnders executive producer Sean O'Connor describes them as "noisy and brash" who "lack cash" but "have love and warmth in spades" the announcement has split opinion among fans on the soap's facebook page, with some worried they are a stereotypical white working
rivers in cumbria have been drying up, and levels of water stored in reservoirs in Cornwall are getting very low. at the moment, though, the UK isn't thought to be having a drought. in April the country saw less than half the amount of rain it normally would.
all 57 seats were contested, of which the tories took 43, compared to the 36 they won in 2013. there will be no UKIP representatives on the council - all three of their seats were tories. in northamptonshire, the conservative party gained 8,832 votes in
former police ombudsman baroness o'loan says people in northern ireland must confront the past. £150m pledged by the british government for measures to tackle the past has not been delivered. chief constable of the police service
newcastle sign winger dwight gayle from crystal palace for £10m. the 25-year-old scored 26 goals in 74 games for the eagles last season. former england defender matt Ritchie joins from bournemouth for £1
40 jobs are at risk, the confederation of passenger transport cymru said. Ceredigion council said it was working to continue some services. the council did not know if another operator would take it on.
Kelly pearce, 36, was found with fatal throat wounds in a flat in canvey island, essex. accused Anthony ayres, 49, denies murdering her. his defence claimed he killed her and then blamed mr a
Huddersfield beat Brighton 3-1 in their english premier league clash. Nahki wells and Elias kachunga score the goals for the hosts. Lewis Dunk sent off for a second yellow card in the second half. second-placed Newcastle remain one point behind the sea
asghar buksh, 55, admitted culpable homicide on the basis of diminished responsibility. he repeatedly struck mother-of-six Nasreen bksh over the head with a heavy blunt object. the high court in Glasgow heard that 43
firearms officers need greater public support, says met commissioner. sir Bernard says there are not enough people willing to do the role. he is retiring after more than five and a half years in the post.
more than 20 firefighters were sent to the westmorland shopping centre in Kendal just after 08:00 BST. a cordon was put in place around the complex, which houses about 30 shops and an indoor market. fire service spokesman said the blaze was quickly extingu
tory mp for st ives, Derek Thomas, claimed diabetes is "completely avoidable" through good diet and exercise. he said he was "sincerely sorry" and would raise the issue with government to prevent confusion in the future. more than one hundred comments responded to
Michelle Williams plays the role of a young wife in the french provincial town of bussy. the novel, Suite Francaise, was written in tiny handwriting in a notebook as paper became more scarce. despite her conversion to roman Catholicism, she was arrested by the nazis and
fire at eco-oil Ltd at the Kingsnorth Industrial Estate at hoo started at 2300 bst. firefighters managed to contain burning oil which spread on to adjacent land. at least 10 fire crews from around the county were tackling the fire.
the aegon championships will be held from 13-18 June in london. the tournament is a warm-up event for the british open, which starts on 27 June. 14-time grand slam champion rafael nadal
the ship took shelter near mounts bay after an initial rescue at 22:00 BST on sunday failed. the Panamanian registered bochem Oslo vessel had the highly corrosive acid on board for maintenance reasons. it is understood the tanker was en-route to germany to pick up cargo
the 45th president of the united states was immersed for the first time in the complexities of the EU. it was hard to ignore the feeling that european leaders were being offered a tantalising glimpse of the president they must now deal with.
Ngoo never made a first-team appearance for the reds. the 24-year-old has been without a club since leaving Kilmarnock last year. he had loan spells with hearts, Yeovil town and Walsall during his time at anfield.
fire authorities say it is too late for some residents in waroona area who have not yet evacuated to leave. "out-of-control and unpredictable" blaze is burning along the south western highway. strong winds overnight fanned the flames.
asad Khan's family believe he had been bullied. family solicitor says it is important to have time to review the evidence. police say they have provided all available evidence for the purpose of the inquest.
13m new accounts opened in 2014-15, down from 13.5m the year before. the figure is the lowest since 2004-05 and will be disappointing for the Treasury. of savings already in Isas, 80% is held in cash, and 20% is in stocks and shares.
the number of farms discovered increased to 7,865, more than doubling in four years. in the last two years, police forces have seized 1.1 million cannabis plants. there is evidence of "taxing", or stealing of crops, while debt bondage is being used.
volunteers began piecing together the 5.7m by 1.57m picture of jungle creatures. they were almost complete two weeks later, but four pieces were missing. the puzzle will be displayed at the hospital and taken to addenbrooke's hospital.
the incident happened on the first stage of the Highland Car Club Snowman Rally. one other person was hurt in the collision but they were not seriously injured. the eight-year-old was taken to hospital but his condition was not life-threatening.
it is the first time Wales' commissioners for children, older people, future generations and Welsh language will appear on stage together. they will discuss how the education system in Wales can play a part in shaping the nation's future.
cornelius price, 40, admitted criminal damage at llandrindod wells magistrates' court. price said he threw the milk towards the store manager saying "catch it" but it accidentally spilt. he was told to pay £1.50
Spotlight: a woman alone with the IRA investigated the republican movement's handling of sexual abuse allegations against a suspected IRA member. maria cahill waived her right to anonymity to tell how the gop responded to her allegations. the programme was broadcast
tens of thousands died at the death camp known as the "croatian auschwitz" ethnic serbs and anti-fascist groups are also boycotting next week's ceremony. three-quarters of about 40,000 Croatian Jews were killed by the Usta
the move reunites the 21-year-old with former boss David moyes. he has scored five goals in 63 appearances for the old trafford club. united preferred a loan move for the belgian international.
majority shareholder Ann Budge hopes fans can drive income to the main stand fund. the transfer of her shares to the foundation would be delayed under the proposal. supporters and the club's on-field success form half of the £6m reserve.
23-year-old has not started a game since the trip to Bournemouth on 10 September. tests showed he was eight pounds over his ideal weight. he has appeared five times for the baggies this season and has yet to score.
the semi-finals will take place between 10-12 march. the final will be staged at the Twickenham Stoop.
Kyle Clarke, 27, died when he was hit by a car in hengrove, bristol. his mother Helen Stockford described him as the "light of her life" in 2009, Kyle saved her from a convicted murderer and rapist.
it was England's first victory away in new zealand since 2001. the red roses recovered from 14-7 down after 30 minutes to win a ninth game in a row.
woman was operating a paramotor when she had a "very close encounter" with an airbus A400M near andover, hants, in July, the UK airprox board said. the woman, who has not been named, told investigators "she thought she was going to die
eight fire appliances and 45 fire fighters are at the scene. the blaze has spread across a 5 kilometre area, crossing the border. it is the latest of 435 reported wildfires since the beginning of may.
cann contacted a number of boys while playing online games, court hears. the 22-year-old was convicted of 23 sex offences last year. he abused six boys from 2006 until 2014.
high on humans features on band's upcoming second album, ultralife. duo were moved to write about "what it means to be a human in this day and age" their music became an online phenomenon, resulting in a record deal and tour.
staff told the child's mother they believed he was saying "cooker bomb" instead of "cucumber" the case was sent to a police and social services panel instead of channel. the de-radicalisation scheme decided not to take further action.
onlookers in the car park instructed the five-year-old on how to open the boot from the inside. the incident happened on Thursday in riverdale, Utah. it is not clear how long the children were in the boot.
incident said to have happened as mr galloway gave a talk at the university. he tweeted that he had an "unknown substance in my eyes and lungs" police confirmed they had been called to a disturbance at 19:45.
Ivory coast beat angola 2-0 at home in their first match on home soil since winning last month's Nations Cup. argentine coach Hector cuper made a winning start to his Egypt career as the seven-time African champions beat Equatorial Guinea 2-0.
Celtic face Romania's Astra Giurgiu in the Europa League on thursday. a win, coupled with a Salzburg victory over dinamo, will seal qualification. Celtic beat the Romanians 2-1 in glasgow two weeks ago.
each of Wales' 37,600 teachers will be given a learning passport by September. policies for recruiting and developing teachers and other school staff are "underdeveloped" there has been a small improvement in the quality of teaching.
six players in united's first-team squad have not won a domestic league title or major international tournament. midfielder bastian Schweinsteiger has been added to the club's Europa League squad. the 32-year-old former german captain will now be available for the last-32
police were called to the Biffa depot in Avonmouth at 11:00 BST on friday. they were alerted by staff to possible remains at one of the units. police have named the victim as 34-year-old Matthew Symonds. his death is being treated as unex
the party has been carrying out "one final round" of vetting to determine who is eligible to stand in the leadership race. donor Arron bankss suggested Steven woolfe will not be on the ballot. he missed the deadline and revealed he did not disclose a drink-d
former dons midfielder sheerin has been player-manager at the red Lichties since 2010. the 39-year-old replaces Neil cooper at Pittodrie. arbroath were relegated to league two after finishing season 2013-14 bottom of league one.
the PSNI said the teams will "deal with community problems" and give "advice" the first LPTs to launch will be based in Lurgan and armagh city police stations. they will be supported by four mobile neighbourhood policing teams (NPTs) the roll
polamalu has won two super bowls with the Pittsburgh steelers. he says that ending his professional career will give him a chance to "enjoy" his family. born in the us, he is of Samoan descent.
Daniel Jason shepherd, 23, pleaded not guilty to manslaughter of a footballer. Jonathon Robert Thomas, 34, died following an incident on princess way. he played for Swansea RFC along with his brother, Nicky.
last year's final was won by Ronnie O'Sullivan after a thrilling 9-5 comeback victory against australia's Neil Robertson. schedule of play and scores will appear below, with detailed BBC coverage information available here.
Exeter took the lead through Jake Taylor's long-range strike. diomande equalised for the hosts in the second half. caretaker boss Mike Phelan has now won all three games this season.
part of Ysgol Glan Clwyd in saint asaph will be demolished in November. new classrooms, assembly, music, drama and dining areas will be created. work is aimed at meeting growing demand for Welsh-medium education.
the 45-year-old and six other men originally faced charges relating to the acquisition of the club in may 2011 and its financial management. at the high court in Glasgow, Mr Whyte heard that he is currently the only person being prosecuted. advocate depute bill McVi
Denton, 20, curled in a fine effort in the first half as the whites won a second-straight away game. Jack Marriott twice squandered efforts when he was one-on-one with the goalkeeper. Attempt missed. Isaac Vassell (Lu
former prime minister faces possible ban on holding public office. street circus in Naples offered him a chance to go on stage and tell his own jokes. human rights group suggested he could help lobby for abolition of death penalty.
the 44-year-old will work alongside Orient boss Andy Hessenthaler. former southend, Birmingham and Peterborough defender joined the club in 2009. he assisted with first-team affairs at the end of last season.
Chris and Sue Moores' son was killed when his motorbike was struck by a drink driver in 2010. the couple spoke out in response to consultation on proposed reform of sentencing for driving offences. they believe increased sentences should be backed up by manslaughter charges.
two men are believed to have been carrying guns. they forced their way into the property at oakfield drive shortly after 20:00 GMT on Saturday. the gang made off with a sum of cash.
Roy scored 162 in England's series-clinching win over Sri Lanka. he is five short of the 167 not out made by Robin Smith against australia in 1993. the Surrey right-hander also made a century in a record-breaking stand with Alex hales.
Owens has made 31 of his previous 49 Wales appearances from the bench. the hooker has earned praise from pundits for the quality of his performances. he has had to come back from serious neck injuries which have seen him miss a good deal of rugby.
Essex reach 144-1 after 40 overs of play before the weather closes in. unbroken stand of 128 in 37 overs was dominated by westley and cook. it was the sixth successive first-class match in which he has passed 50.
Naseer was extradited from the uk to the united states in 2013. he was convicted of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al-Qaeda. the 28-year-old plotted to kill hundreds in a bombing attack at the city centre's arn
Russia has carried out air strikes on anti-government rebels since 2015. it is credited with turning the war in favour of its ally, Syrian president bashar al-Assad. the force reduction follows an order from president Putin on 29 December.
defending champion nadal into last 16 after beating 19-year-old zverev in four sets. spaniard will next face gael monfils of france who beats Philipp Kohlschreiber. qualifier denis istomin of uzbekistan
debris from satellite launched from french base confirmed as coming from last year. piece bears logo of the UK Space Agency and european satellite company. local fisherman Manuel alves dos Santos said authorities did not respond to his initial calls.
Brusthom ziamani, 19, from south London, was found guilty of preparing an act of terrorism. the court heard he was inspired by the murder of fusilier Lee Rigby and used the internet to research cadet bases. he converted to Islam in 2014 and became
Elisa bianco, 22, was jailed for 32 months at Truro crown court in 2015. appeal court judges cut the sentence to 28 months after hearing she admitted stalking. she met Sally Retallack, 49, while a 16-year-old student at Cornwall
the body of a woman aged about 70 was found in the rubble, local media said. three people were also injured in the incident, one seriously. searches for nine of the 28 people who lived in the building are continuing.
a clever dummy from the impressive Oscar Dorley set up Maksim Maksimov to score. the visitors responded with a stunning long-range strike from Vaidotas Silenas. but the visitors held on as they finished with 10 men.
more than 165,000 people have signed a petition calling on the government to "cap" price rises in the school holidays. a cap of 50% above term-time prices was needed to stop holiday companies "profiteering" but the department for business, innovation and skills said it was "for businesses
prison officers are banned from going on strike, but the ballot will seek the members' views about "industrial action up to and including strike action" about 30,000 members of the prison officers' association in england and wales will take part in an indicative ballot.
the 26-year-old striker joined the cottagers from anderlecht in the summer of 2015. he scored seven goals in 47 league appearances for the belgian club. the deal includes an option to buy the striker at the end of the season.
new york businessman-turned-politician said many controversial things during campaign. here, we look back at 24 of his professed beliefs.
cornelius Gurlitt was the son of adolf Hitler's art dealer. he was ordered to deal in works seized from Jews, or which the nazis considered "degenerate" he agreed to co-operate with the authorities on establishing the
the new fleet will be introduced in the 2016-17 financial year. a further £10m will be invested in new buses for London. most of the rest will be made by Volvo and Mercedes Benz.
Granada will finish bottom of la liga this season under new coach adams. the former england captain was appointed until the end of the season in April. he has been working at the club as a consultant since November.
crash involved a smart fortwo prime, a black Volkswagon golf and a grey Volvo. the incident happened at about 18:15 GMT on friday.
moorways was closed to the public in 2016 but continued to be used by swimming clubs until the end of January. the decision was made in a bid to save about £350,000 a year. council leader ranjit banwait said that whatever the cost of a new pool, it was important to
Isis academy in Oxford has rebranded as "Iffley academy" to protect its "reputation, integrity and image" the name 'Isis' was chosen as the school is near to the section of the river of the same name.
the Dow Jones average was up 0.74% to 18,174, while the more tech-related Nasdaq rose 0.92% to 5,284. the broader S&P 500 index gained 0.64%.
an app called HearScreen can detect hearing loss with just a smartphone and headphones. one in 10 children globally have "educationally significant" hearing loss. the data captured is stored to the cloud where specialists can access and analyse it remotely.
jaeseok Lee, 40, collapsed at an address in high street, new malden. he died at the property.
world number one was scheduled to play exhibition match at Hurlingham club. 30-year-old says his hip is still sore and he needs to rest it. defending champion set to open on centre court at 13:00 BST on monday.
the bloc's leader, Lars Lokke Rasmussen, looks likely to succeed helle Thorning-Schmidt as prime minister. the bloc that will rule Denmark is likely to be very different from the one he led in 2009-2011. much of Venstre's failing
Newport council is consulting on budget plans that could see the library shut. a spokesman said it would relocate the reference library if the building closed. friends of Arthur Machen literary society are writing to the local authority.
Rikki Evans, 28, started playing the bagpipes at 11:00 on Wednesday and stopped playing more than 24 hours later on Thursday. he was allowed a 10 minute break every two hours.
a 16-year-old boy was also stabbed and taken to a north London hospital. police say he was not involved in an early altercation with a group of youths. they believe he appeared to have been targeted later, a spokesman says.
malaria carries serious risks for mother and baby including miscarriage. the disease is transmitted by mosquitoes and causes a fever, flu-like symptoms. in the UK, about 1,500 cases of malaria are reported each year.
Natalie Bennett, the party leader for england and wales, met up with parliamentary candidate Caroline Lucas in Brighton. she warned voters "the time for half measures is over" and urged people to "vote for what you believe in" the party has vowed to put up
the draft manifesto is due to be formally signed off on thursday. it contains policies on nationalising railways and renewing the Trident weapons system. labour would not comment but the tories called it "a shambles"
Plaid must dislodge Labour as the dominant party in places like the south Wales valleys, says new leader. a staunch republican, in 2004 she was ordered to leave the assembly chamber. but during the leadership campaign she said she would meet the queen if it was part of
rate of expansion in hiring employees sank to a four-month low. rate of growth in short-term jobs however had sped up since April. number of job vacancies made available also fell to their slowest in 2015.
21-year-old ice hockey player will count as a foreign import because of his overseas junior development. his dad, a former Brentford trialist and passionate Celtic and Scotland fan, will be able to watch him play. "he adds to our depth which will be crucial next season
hereford united's fate has been in the balance since their dramatic final-day escape sent Chester down instead. the conference has now reinstated Chester as a Conference Premier club and Hayes & Yeading will stay in Conference South. the last team to be expelled from the conference was Chester
the 53-year-old man confessed to beheading his wife but did not divulge a motive. he worked as a watchman at a building currently under construction. police suspect he is mentally unstable and are seeking more information.
foreign ministry says the two men are safe in hospital in the city of Sirte. they were seized on 6 march from the al-Ghani oil field along with seven other foreigners. it is not clear whether a ransom was paid to free the two Bangladeshis.
Tommy sheldon, from Southampton, died two weeks after being pulled from the inferno by a passer-by. his mother Teresa has also been charged with the attempted murder of another person, who cannot be named for legal reasons. she was remanded in custody when she appeared at
investigators say there has been an "exponential rise" in atrocities committed in Syria. UN figures show that more than 220,000 people have been killed during the four-year conflict. investigators from the UN's Commission for Inquiry on Syria said they had prepared five lists of names
the reverend John price denies 14 counts of indecent assault on boys aged 11-17. the 82-year-old is accused of carrying out the attacks in the 1970s and 80s. prosecutor tells the court all four of the alleged victims "make strikingly similar allegations
John Letts and Sally Lane denied providing money for suspected terrorism. they are due to appear at the Old Bailey on 23 June. the 20-year-old is said to have left for Iraq aged 18.
ferry operator condor said a mezzanine ramp was fixed and the vessel departed at about 10:10 BST. repairs to an electrical fault on the condor Liberation were completed earlier this week.
consultation is expected to start in December on 100 sites which could be earmarked for development. council admits that regenerating existing sites would not provide for all the city's future needs. some existing housing areas will be expanded with up to 400 new homes.
demonstrations were held in various parts of the country including Dublin, cork and galway. right2water campaign is made up of community groups, political groupings and trade unions. Irish department of the environment said three out of four people are now paying water bills.
Shane and Barry McGuigan signed Josh Taylor to their Cyclone Promotions company. the pair signed Taylor when he won 2014 Commonwealth gold and turned pro. he is aiming for a 10th consecutive win in his Commonwealth super-lightweight title defense.
scientists have been excavating Blombos cave in south africa for 20 years. they found ochre pigments, shell containers and tools to work up a paste. evidence that charcoal and oil from seal bones were added to the mix.
growth for 2014 was up-rated to 3% from 2.1%, but will now be around 4.5%. the year-on-year growth of 7.7% was the strongest recorded in Ireland since the early 2000s. by comparison, the eurozone recorded growth of just 0.7% over the same period.
councillors have discussed plans aimed at improving the city's transport network. city square could be closed off to through traffic by 2021. the move forms part of the council's 2023 european capital of culture bid.
Abertay university was the first in the world in 1997 to offer degree level qualifications in computer games development. the university of Malta was the only other european institution to make either list, coming in at 23rd for postgraduate courses.
the independence referendum of 2014 was a decisive, if not overwhelming, endorsement of the union. a feeling has taken hold among some of "the 45," as the losers quickly became styled, that Scotland was cheated. "yes" lost, but "no" won,
local reports say a man died after turning a pistol on himself. the foreign office could not confirm the reports. a taxi driver said the man had hailed him near a local resort.
Helen Richardson-Walsh scores twice as great britain beat argentina 3-2. a Sophie bray goal and a Florencia habif strike complete the victory. the united states beat japan 6-1 to stay second in group b.
forward Fernando forestieri is a doubt having only been able to play from the bench in the last two games. striker David nugent could return after missing the draw with huddersfield. midfielder Jacob butterfield is hoping for a recall after coming off the bench to score
megan lee, from oswaldtwistle, died on 1 January, two days after she was admitted to hospital. takeaway has been temporarily closed by Hyndburn council due to below standard allergen management and a mice infestation.
Caroline wootton-thomas, 49, convicted of theft and transferring criminal property. she used council's petty cash fund for debts, expensive gifts and luxury holidays. grandmother was caught after a bank statement was sent to the wrong department.
activequote's software provides information on specialist health and protection insurance products. it has won four contracts to operate price comparison sites on behalf of online businesses. the Welsh government will provide £600,000 to back the firm.
the exercise was overseen by North leader Kim Jong-un, says KCNA state news agency. it is the latest in a series of angry gestures by Pyongyang. the south's president has ordered the army to be on alert.
protesters march outside the Iranian embassy accusing Tehran of interfering in Afghanistan's affairs. soaring fuel prices have angered many Afghans at a time of high demand during winter. Iran denies blocking fuel exports to Afghanistan.
over the next decade, the urban environment is expected to increase by nearly 30%. details have been published in the Landscape and Urban Planning journal. the goal of the database was to "find the right tree for the right place"
halfpenny ruptures anterior cruciate knee ligaments during Wales' 23-19 win over italy. scrum-half webb, also 26, suffers ankle injury but there is no word on extent of damage. the 26-year-old's likely replacement at full-back is
ms goulard's decision was linked to a french inquiry into claims that her party wrongly used EU funds to pay party workers. she is the second leading figure in president Emmanuel Macron's cabinet to leave ahead of a reshuffle. both ministers have denied any
Dillon was a prolific artist who began professional work at age 16 drawing for hulk magazine. he was best known for his collaborations with writer garth ennis, creating classic cult comic titles.
defending champion Danny willett misses cut after shooting 78 in blustery conditions. only two players - american Hoffman and compatriot William McGirt - shot under 70 on opening day. spaniard Garcia, 37, carded a 69
the latest pictures were acquired by the us space agency's Dawn spacecraft on its first full science orbit since arriving at Ceres on 6 march. researchers on the mission concede they still have much to learn about the dots' true nature. the intense brightness of these spots is due to the reflection of sunlight
Andrew Nisbet, 58, suffered fatal injuries when he was struck by his own vehicle. the collision happened on the B7066 near Polkemmet country park. young pled guilty to a careless driving charge at livingston sheriff court.
Saudi Arabia says 34 mainly Muslim nations will be part of the counter-terrorism grouping. prince Mohammed said it would focus on efforts to fight terrorism in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Egypt and Afghanistan. he indicated there were still "procedures" for these countries to go through before joining
russia finish bottom of group b after 3-0 defeat by wales. uefa had threatened to disqualify Russia after violence from fans. coach dmitry slutsky replaces former coach fabio capello.
the 20-year-old has made seven senior appearances for the club so far. born in wales, he has previously had loan spells at non-league sides Taunton Town and bath city. one of five players offered a new deal by boss darrell Clarke at the end
england and australia players were in the walkabout pub in the early hours of sunday. opening batsman alleged to have struck englishman Joe root on the chin. the 26-year-old was also fined £7,000 (AU $11,500) by cricket australia.
owners say £80m development at site in bewdley, Worcestershire, will create jobs. planning permission granted for the water park, including seven slides. the park said it hoped this would open by 2017.
malala yousafzai was attacked on her way home from school in Mingora. there are differing accounts of how events unfolded. prime minister has sent a helicopter to transfer Malala to hospital in peshawar.
initial report and recommendations are expected in spring 2017. review of targets announced by health secretary Shona Robison in June. sir Harry stepped down as chief medical officer in 2014.
Michelle Mellotte, 61, took the money from Michael McGrory in February 2010. she knew her patient was suffering from Alzheimer's when she asked for the loan. in April, she admitted fraud by abuse of her role and was given a suspended prison sentence.
the war crimes tribunal was set up by the government in 2010. opposition parties have accused it of pursuing a political vendetta against its opponents. human rights groups and the BNP have both said that the tribunal fell short of international standards.
the start of day three had been delayed until 17:15 BST. wakely (112) and keogh (105 not out) combined to move the hosts from 60-3 to 214-3. the pair's 171-run stand put northants in command.
the shortlist for this year's St David Awards, which will be presented on 10 march, has been announced. categories include citizenship, culture and sport.
the bench was written by a group of friends from Blaenau Gwent. it was their first attempt at writing a movie. they changed the script to polish and enlisted children from a local special school.
10 men and three women, aged from 22 to 54, are from Lincolnshire and west yorkshire. they face charges of conspiracy to hold another person in slavery or servitude. two have been charged with cheating the public revenue.
since the 1990s, Mick Fett has amassed a vast collection of action figures, costumes and other merchandise. the 39-year-old, who goes by the name Mick Fett, was born the year the first film in the series came out. his collection is estimated to be worth A$500,000
Oscars 2017: full coverage Follow us on facebook, twitter and Instagram. if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Dorrans signs three-year deal with the ibrox club after two bids are rejected. the 30-year-old becomes Pedro caixinha's ninth summer signing. he made his senior debut for livingston in a 2005 match against Kilmarnock.
the group had been sailing around the county down lough on wednesday. the cabin cruiser developed electrical problems as it made its way to salt island. a Portaferry lifeboat crew was launched and everyone was safely taken to shore.
Christopher Hannah, 33, admitted a charge of culpable homicide. he was driving a car which mounted the pavement and struck Sophie Brannan. her friend Chelsea Sommerville and her uncle, Joseph Lloyd, were also badly injured. Hannah is said to be a heroin
items have been highlighted during recent sonar scanning of the waterway. the search involved the use of ground-penetrating radar and sonar. bus driver and convicted paedophile Alexander Gartshore is suspected of her murder.
student protests in south africa have been the biggest since apartheid ended in 1994. the protests have closed some of the country's top universities. it is unclear how the freeze on university fees will be funded.
"the show is made to work pre-watershed," says executive producer and co-creator Johnny Capps. he says that thanks to their later time slot of 8.30pm, they're hoping to catch adults and children. Jason, played by Jack Donnelly, says he
Black friday sales expected to hit record numbers over the weekend. more than £760m was spent online with Visa cards, up nearly 25% on last year. logistics expert warns 10% of orders won't be delivered on time.
curiosity has driven more than 100m from the location on the floor of gale Crater. the robot sucked the air into its big Sam instrument to reveal the concentration of different gases. no major surprises are expected at this stage - carbon dioxide will dominate.
pressure is growing, particularly in schools on London's fringes and in cities such as Leicester, Nottingham, reading and Peterborough. around 99,000 pupils or 95% received a place at one of their six preferred schools this year - up 1,100 and nearly five percentage points from last year. but
'Paul Smith to J.K. rowling' opens at the university of Hull on Wednesday. works were commissioned as part of the BP Portrait Award first prize. the free exhibition runs at the Brynmor Jones library until June.
third round at the BMW PGA at wentworth finishes on nine under par. australian phil hend cards a one-over-par 73 to finish one shot off the leaders. england's Lee westwood and ye yang are tied for
four-year-old was in Skegness when a dog allegedly bit her. the dog's owner allegedly refused to provide her details to the parents. police are treating the incident as an offence of dangerously out of control.
Lego says it has never sold directly to anyone wanting to use its product to make a political statement. the artist will now use the donated toy bricks to create a "new work" the artist used Lego last year to create portraits of 175 dissident figures.
the 28-year-old suffered a partially severed right hand in a rally crash on eve of 2011 season. he is competing this year in the european rally championship for citroen. the polish driver is doing work for the Mercedes F1 team in their simulator.
two finalists, sir Steve redgrave and comic Marcus Brigstocke, retired hurt. former i'm a celebrity... get me out of here! contestants also in line-up. events include bobsleigh, slalom and ski cross.
rherras is a left-sided player of Moroccan descent who has spent the last year playing for sint-truiden in the Belgian top flight. sammon, the 29-year-old ex-kilmarnock forward, has agreed a three-year
Mr Turnbull attends his first question time in parliament as prime minister. he is the fourth prime minister since the election of neil lennon in 2013. his removal follows weeks of tumbling polls ratings and speculation about a leadership challenge.
one in 10 11- to 18-year-olds admit checking their mobile phones at least 10 times a night. organisations warn night-time usage of mobiles means pupils are coming to school tired. they recommend having a "digital detox" and putting mobile devices away for 90 minutes
the 1949 Delahaye Roadster was given to actress Diana Dors when she was 17. it has been described as "extravagant and outrageous - a rolling sculpture" it was expected to sell for up to $6m but went for $3m plus a buyer's premium of 10%
Qiang gao, 39, attacked the co-worker in the kitchen of a takeaway in thatcham. the victim, 40, suffered severe head injuries including a fractured skull. gao was found guilty of attempted murder at reading crown court.
the Lynx UK trust has suggested trial reintroductions in Aberdeenshire, Argyll, Northumberland, Cumbria and Norfolk. the trust said 91% of 9,000 respondents to a survey were in favour of lynx being brought back to help control de
the retailer has been refurbishing the 160,000 sq ft store since last year. it is creating an additional shopping floor, a new cafe and a tech product area. the redevelopment includes parking spaces outside the shop.
Huws, 23, is a Manchester city academy graduate. Samuel, 22, came through the ranks at reading and has two goals in 16 senior appearances for the championship side. he was Ipswich's sixth addition of the transfer window.
Tynan was hit by a train at west allerton station in Merseyside. her death is not being treated as suspicious. family pay tribute to a "vibrant, generous and fun-loving girl"
Cynthia Cheroitich said her ordeal began at around 05:30 (02:30 GMT) on Thursday. she and her fellow students were in class studying for their exams. the gunmen entered the room and told them to come out of their hiding places. it was not until 10:00 on Saturday that
mudassir hussain, 31, pleaded guilty to preparing acts of terrorism. he made it to turkey before his family alerted police, who then had him returned. police said the actions of his family may well have saved lives, including his own.
sleiman daoud al-afari was reportedly seized last month in northern irbil. he was a specialist in chemical and biological weapons for Saddam Hussein. the man has already told interrogators how IS loaded mustard gas into shells.
an expert panel will be convened in November 2014 in London to decide the shortlist for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award. the panel will comprise 12 members this year: •Representatives from BBC Sport: Barbara Slater, Philip Bernie and Carl Doran.
many argue that it makes sense for hermione to be black because of the challenges she goes through. "having her look like me, or my mother, is amazing," says writer Chantell monique. a website called black girls nerd out aims to raise awareness of the issue
Biggins, 67, sparked controversy four days earlier over comments that bisexuals were "the worst type" presenter Emma willis made brief reference to Biggins' removal but gave no details. producers said show "does not tolerate offensive language capable of causing widespread offence"
a team of cancer specialists, GPs, NHS and public health experts from Wales have just returned from a fact-finding visit to aarhus, Denmark. part of the problem was that waiting times patients faced before getting diagnosed were too long. the new model of care has three routes
an area of the town near the swimming pool had been evacuated for most of the morning and early afternoon. residents close by had been advised to open windows, stay indoors near walls and to avoid going outside. an exclusion zone remains in force on the river while experts make safe the sea mine which was
Uefa general secretary includes plan in his manifesto for the upcoming election. infantino is one of five candidates standing for the presidency of world football's governing body. current president sepp Blatter has been banned for eight years for breaching ethics rules.
former coventry city, Derby County, Stoke City and watford midfielder signs one-year deal. chief executive Colin Gordon hopes to tie up deal for Worcester city joint boss Matt gardiner. Gordon has been in temporary charge of the first team since January.
12 bell ringers recreated the historical chimes from 1767.
the listed properties on London road were last used by the witan international college 10 years ago. the university and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments. if planning permission is granted, restoration work will start in early 2016.
the 24-year-old has been out of action since November with a knee injury. but it is understood his recovery has progressed quicker than expected. he could be in contention to face Scotland on 11 march, or Ireland a week later.
a tree has been removed from the line between Aberystwyth and Birmingham. on Anglesey, speed restrictions remain around gaerwen due to flooding. four flood warnings are in place for north and south west Wales.
Michael hoolickin, 27, suffered multiple stab wounds in a fracas in middleton. Timothy deakin, 21, denied murder but was found guilty by a jury. he was ordered to serve a minimum of 27 years at bolton crown court.
united finished fifth in the premier league this season, which means missing out on the champions league. van gaal won the FA cup on saturday, but it wasn't enough to save him. former Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is now expected to take over.
fire crews sprayed the whales with seawater as local teams tried to return them to the sea. experts say the beaching may have followed the death of a dominant male in the pod. two of the rescued whales stayed close to the shore, as if waiting for the
residents living around the good hope hospital in sutton coldfield say cars are being illegally parked on local streets by staff and patients. hospital is looking at demountable parking decks above existing car parks as one solution. councillor David pears said residents had put up with parking problems for
wait times of up to three and a half hours at the terminal in Folkestone and an hour in Calais. delays "due to increased security measures" and said it was working hard to minimise them. a teenager thought to be from east africa was killed by freight train near the tunnel
for the first time in india's recent history, there was a decline in the female labour participation rate. there was also a shrinking of the total number of women in the workforce. rising aspirations and relative prosperity may be responsible for putting a large cohort of women out of work
xherdan shaqiri is set to miss an eighth straight game for Stoke with a calf problem. phil bardsley is out after his red card against Chelsea. geoff Cameron's thigh problem will be monitored.
a judge dismisses the claims of the girl, referred to as "GK", that Paul Frew linked her name to anti-social behaviour via a social media post. the judge said some of the comments made by others on facebook "while undoubtedly unpleasant and unattractive in
Trafford council closes Bollin primary school in bowdon, greater manchester. it follows concerns about a "reduced capacity of senior leadership" school has appointed interim head teacher while Michelle Brindle is "not in school"
seven straight wins have lifted the Warriors into third place in the table. they are two points behind leaders leinster and connacht with three games remaining. the top four enter the end-of-season play-off semi-finals with home advantage.
the 32-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene. the road was closed between Thursley and liphook until early evening. a man, 33, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by driving without due care and attention.
the 21-year-old was stopped by police near junction 20 of the southbound M6. he was found to have 101 mg of alcohol per 100 ml of blood. Berahino was fined £3,400 and offered a drink-driver referral course.
born in 1923 near paris, she fled Nazi-occupied france with her then husband. the couple ended up in Hollywood, and both played in Casablanca. in a famous scene, she tearfully shouts "Vive la France"
the 28-year-old centre-back will now miss the second leg of the capital one cup semi-final at Liverpool on Tuesday. he also missed the start of the season after surgery on a back injury before returning at the end of October. "it is not a recurr
left-wing leader lenin moreno falls just short of the 40% needed to win outright. he will fight former banker Guillermo Lasso for the top job. there had been tension after long delays in the count.
no international team has toured Bangladesh since 20 people were killed in a siege at a cafe in Dhaka in July. the ECB's security team gave Bangladesh the all clear but the authorities here don't want to take any chances. an incident-free tour will be evidence
recorded future scanned more than 680,000 web sources over the course of a year. it found 705 emails and passwords originating from government agencies. the data was connected with the departments of defence, justice, the treasury and energy.
the views were expressed following a meeting of the EU Negotiation Joint Ministerial Committee in London. uk government will keep Scotland, Wales and northern Ireland up-to-date about negotiations.
Dundee lost both their games on their maiden outing at the showpiece finals in Nottingham over the weekend. the Stars showed up well in the 4-2 semi-final defeat to Cardiff Devils and 15-8 third-place match loss to Belfast Giants. it meant an early start for
GB women's team will need to rank in the top six from nations who have not already qualified. a maximum of two berths (one male and one female) for august's Rio Olympics. the unfunded british men need a top-seven place at
Moreno is also wanted by former club sevilla in la liga. Serie a giants AC Milan and inter Milan have also expressed an interest. Liverpool will insist on £30m for defender Mamadou Sakho.
architect Kengo Kuma was given a tour of the site where construction of the museum's curved inner walls is underway. he said he was confident the museum would be completed on schedule at the end of 2017 and open in the summer of the following year. it will take the remainder
locals say they are being forced out by high rents, housing shortages and a surge in the number of apartments being rented to visitors at inflated prices. the population of Venice has dropped to under 55,000, from about 175,000 in 1951. earlier this year, people on small boats tried
Augustin dobre and Ionut muti were caught on CCTV in a council probe. they were recorded dumping items including building rubble, heating pipes and 15 rotting sheep carcasses. the pair were found to have dumped 42 tonnes of waste over 15 visits.
three soldiers and an airman were stationed at RAF Odiham in Hampshire. the fifth, an army reservist, was based in London. it is the first fatal accident involving a UK military helicopter in Afghanistan since 2001.
scottish chamber of commerce held a trade mission to china involving business leaders from across Scotland. the Scottish delegation was led by SCC's new president, Tim allan, and chief executive Liz Cameron. key sectors of interest to Scottish businesses include robotics, bioscience, manufacturing, engineering
the 25-year-old has become one of the most controversial politicians in hong kong. she and fellow party member Sixtus leung won elections in September. the pair became involved in a new political party - Youngspiration. they campaign against mainland china's influence on Hong
united beat anderlecht 3-2 in their Europa league quarter-final tie. roberto martinez's side were minutes away from a penalty shootout. but roy keane scored the winning goal after 107 minutes.
experts warn that African governments and commercial online services are vulnerable to criminals. critics say these laws could also be used to clamp down on the use of online platforms that promote good governance. the two largest economies in africa - south africa and Nigeria - are each estimated to lose $500m (£
Electoral reform society calls for "root and branch" review of referendums. society says impact of political leaders had been "minimal" in EU referendum. calls for a guaranteed six month campaign and citizenship education in schools. uk voted to leave the EU on 23 June by 51.
theresa may is determined to make this election about Brexit and how a vote for the tories means a "strong hand" at the negotiating table with the EU. an added dimension to this election is the potential for the conservatives to make significant gains in Wales. the party will be pushing
the 26-year-old is taking a short break before preparing for the us open in august. she became the first woman since Virginia Wade 39 years earlier to reach last four. konta said she is proud to represent Great Britain after her nationality was questioned.
Luis suarez out for "four to five weeks" after being injured in defeat by real madrid. uruguayan forward will also miss world cup qualifiers against argentina and paris.
problem detected at water treatment works at tophill low and Keldgate. spokesman said it could take several hours for water supplies to return to normal.
a "key financial backer has dropped out leaving us in the lurch," bosses say. the attraction closed temporarily after receiving hundreds of complaints. Ticket-holders have been advised to contact their banks for refunds.
Ms Jones is one of two people who could take up the role of UKIP Wales MEP. she would, in theory, have first refusal over south Wales east AM David rowlands. the number two candidate, James Cole, is no longer in the party.
health ministry says it has enough nurses and it is no longer useful to keep them under bond. policy reversal unlikely to lead to an immediate exodus of nurses because it takes four years to qualify as a nurse and those already in the scheme will have to finish their five-year service.
inquest jury returns verdict of accidental death. jury notes previous attacks in the same fields. inquest hears that there was a lack of separation between cattle and public.
two thieves broke into the production room to steal laptops and car keys. they fled with a van containing crew suitcases and bill Bailey tour merchandise. a spokesman for the comedian said the show went on "regardless of the chaos"
the 28-year-old striker has signed a new five-and-a-half-year deal at old trafford. the deal is worth around £250,000 a week in basic salary, according to reports. he has an agreement with the club to market and exploit his individual commercial
former Argyle defender hartley scores winning goal in second leg of league two tie. the 28-year-old heads home from a corner to send the Pilgrims to wembley for first time in 20 years. former Stevenage and hartlepool defender says
Japan's economy expanded by 1% in the first three months from the previous three, up from an initial estimate of 0.6%. the benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended flat at 20,457.19 points. shares were also lower despite a positive us jobs report on Friday helping push down
net profit jumped to a record $1.1bn (£660m) from $873m one year ago. revenue rose by 24% to record $3.5bn, due to higher sales volumes. woodside - australia's biggest oil and gas producer - operates six out of
open-source encryption software has potentially compromised two-thirds of all websites. finding effective and affordable ways to keep "mission critical" data safe from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters can be a daunting task for small firms. the risk of fraud and online crime, both real and perceived,
police officers are allowed to search people for items such as drugs and stolen goods. there has been controversy over "consensual searches", where people are searched without any legal basis. the new code states that stopping and searching members of the public is a "significant intrusion into their personal liberty and privacy
the route between Edinburgh and tweedbank was hit by delays and cancellations. buses were organised to supplement the trains that could run.
players from Wales make up 33% of all sportsmen and women serving drugs bans. number tested is proportionately higher than in other rugby unions and sports. 17 Welsh rugby union and league players, from grassroots to semi-pro, are banned. ten of those banned are from rugby union
Armenia and many historians say up to 1.5 million Armenian Christians were killed by Ottoman forces in 1915. but turkey has always disputed that figure and said the deaths were part of a civil conflict. the row has continued to sour relations between Armenia and turkey.
former professional road cyclist Frankie andreu believes there should be no way back into cycling for Lance Armstrong. former french road cyclist jean-marc bassons believes the american has changed. he says if he went back to the same time, he'd do it again
the first time sustainable, recycled stainless steel pint cups have been used on such a major scale. they don't have a logo or any other identifying "glastonbury" mark. although strong, they're difficult to throw very far.
500 missions include rescues of hillwalkers and climbers and searches for missing people. the inverness base is one of the UK's busiest search and rescue units.
city have allegedly failed to ensure its information was accurate on three occasions. the FA has a 'three strikes' policy and the most likely punishment is a fine. it is understood the information was not updated following a change to training routines.
the prime minister was involved in a power struggle with party leader Liviu Dragnea. PSD won elections in December only a year after losing power. protests erupted across the country over a decree seen as weakening anti-corruption measures.
the firm said that it was working to boost capacity at telephone exchanges in the worst hit areas. the news coincided with the launch of Sky Go Extra - a service allowing users to download movies and TV shows so they can be watched offline. a sky spokeswoman apologised
ministers insist the police did their job and Parliament can't be sealed off. a security review is under way following the fatal stabbing of PC Keith Palmer. some MPs regard the carriage gates entrance as a weak point in the security perimeter.
93% of chronic myeloid leukaemia patients in a new study stayed cancer-free after stopping or reducing treatment. cancer research said the results were "promising" but dosages should not be changed without a doctor's advice.
Smail Ayad, 29, has been charged with murder and attempting to murder backpacker. police said this charge would be changed to murder when he appears in court. backpacker suffered head injuries as he went to the aid of Ms Ayliffe-Chung.
atletico lose champions league quarter-final first leg 2-1 to holders barcelona. goalscorer Fernando Torres sent off after just seven minutes for two bookings. suarez scores both home goals, but earlier appeared to kick right-back Juanfran.
Jack Walsh is working for the hugely popular game grumps channel on youtube. the 23-year-old shoots and directs commercials for the company, which has over 3.1m subscribers. he is also involved in the company's planned expansion into TV comedy on YouTube.
the men, in their 20s, were stopped at aston quay in the city. in a follow-up search, police found ecstasy tablets worth an estimated 418,000 euro. cocaine worth 24,000 euro was also seized.
since 1989 mr corbyn has signed 19,485 early day motions in the commons. he was the primary sponsor of 766 and a co-sponsor on 2,727 of them. since becoming leader of the labour party he has voted against the party
longford town centre is a monument to the end of the Celtic Tiger and the republic of ireland's economic crash and burn. local traders believe the bad times are slowly changing and are seeing a turnaround. Fianna Fil accuses the government of negligence and says a
the foreign secretary will visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the foreign office says. the visit will focus on the relationship between the uk and Russia, as well as issues involving Syria and Ukraine. a foreign office source insisted that the visit did not signal any shift in policy towards Russia.
only about 2,500 people survived in the largest single loss of life for British forces in the whole of world war ii. relatives and survivors have until 15 may to apply for a commemorative medal. the Scottish government commissioned a medal in 2008, issuing more than 375 since.
people can wager £100 every 20 seconds on fixed-odds betting terminals. the last labour government relaxed the gambling laws, allowing bookmakers to install them. labour's call for local authorities to be given new powers to restrict growth of the machines was defeated by 314 to 232
haile Gebrselassie pulls out of first appearance at the new york marathon with knee injury. he tells journalists afterwards that he is quitting competitive sports. "he is our hero and i don't think there is any runner who runs like him,"
Nikkei group media house has just acquired the Financial Times from Pearson. it is being called a bold and brave move for the Japanese group. analysts are wondering whether he has paid too high a price for the luxury of owning the FT.
uruguay striker can now train and play in friendly matches with new club barcelona. he will still have to serve the remaining eight games of his record nine-match ban. his competitive debut is likely to be at real madrid on 26 October in the el
county have already signed former Celtic defenders Marcus Fraser and Craig curran. county are bottom of the Scottish premiership with two games in hand.
the plans resolve a concussion lawsuit filed against the federation by parents. the lawsuit accuses governing bodies of acting "carelessly and negligently" there has been previous criticism of football's attitude towards head injuries.
proposed offer is worth £10.75 a share in cash, a premium of 36% to the closing price on 8 December. media tycoon Rupert murdoch controls 21st Century Fox, which already owns 39.1% stake in sky. sterling's 16% fall
the men, aged 36 and 37, were arrested on monday in the Rotherham area. they are part of an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation.
the men entered the post office in the barmulloch area at 07:55 on friday. they threatened a member of staff with a knife and demanded money. the 27-year-old worker was said to have been badly shaken by the ordeal.
2,400 teenagers from across the south west are taking part in the 56th event. the first teams are expected to cross the finish line on Sunday morning. each team has a GPS tracker, so safety teams can find out where each group is.
Nama is the republic of ireland's "bad bank", set up to deal with toxic loans after the 2008 property crash. the UK's national crime agency is investigating Nama's northern Ireland deal after cash was transferred to an Isle of man bank account. parties to the deal den
police believe men got into difficulty while swimming in the "extremely cold" water. friends have been posting tributes on a facebook page called'steffan Vernon and why we all love him'
police Scotland confirms it is investigating a recent allegation involving a young child. a 56-year-old man has also been reported to prosecutors over alleged historical abuse. the co-educational school in inverclyde caters for about 700 pupils.
Ivory coast striker dies after collapsing during training. the 30-year-old joined second-tier side Beijing enterprises in february. former team-mates and friends attend the memorial service.
the price of copper also fell to its lowest in four-and-a-half years on a strong dollar and a slowdown in china. japan's Nikkei fell 1.6% to 17,450.77 on its last trading day this year. the dollar was at 120.41
Blackberry reported profits of $98m (£65m) for the quarter. it posted a big loss for the same period last year. the Z10 handset is seen as crucial to the future of the company.
Proserv will build a control system for three subsea wells near the Tern platform. the other contract with an unnamed established operator involves subsa well and manifold control systems. westhill-based proserv specialises in exploration and production, drilling and infrastructure technical solutions
the STRB has recommended a pay rise of just 1% for teachers in England and Wales. the rise applies to all leadership and teacher pay ranges and to allowances. teachers' unions said it would do nothing to ease recruitment and retention issues.
the centre-right epp is set to take the largest share of the seats, with an estimated 208. the two big upsets of the elections are the far right coming first in france and Eurosceptics taking top spot in the uk. in the eurozone, the far
dystiolaeth a siarad â phobl allweddol ar y ddwy ochr. ychwanegodd fod bynnag yr dylid aros i'r morlyn
57% of respondents said no to council tax rise of 5% plus a further 6% to pay for social care. mayor Joe Anderson said the plan would not go ahead after 57% said no. he also revealed plans for a Liverpool lottery in his new year message on his blog.
under US law, 40% of the corn harvest must be used to make biofuel. a drought and heatwave across the us has destroyed much of the country's corn crop. the us argues that producing much of its own fuel, rather than importing it, is good for the country.
study suggests people drink more quickly out of curved glasses than straight ones. curvy glassware makes pacing yourself a greater challenge. 159 men and women were filmed drinking either soft drinks or beer.
dugdale, 29, spent a year at the club, making 20 appearances and scoring two goals. left-back Cole, 23, was recently transfer-listed having signed from staines town in January.
mythic: the story of gods and men was pulled from Kickstarter. project had $4,739 (£2,922) in pledges out of a target of $80,000. promised "gameplay characteristics will be similar to that of world of warcraft"
medical examiners give graphic details of injuries suffered by those who died. the defence began calling its own witnesses later on monday. dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, is charged with 30 counts related to the bombings.
walkouts in the health service are quite different from other sectors. unions members want to make a point, but they commit to not harming services. ministers have awarded staff a 1% increase, but only for those without automatic progression-in-the-job rises.
"we just didn't do that," says co-owner of the funeral home. she says her mortuary has handled the funerals of "well over a dozen" gay people. "no-one should be put through what we were put through," says lambda legal counsel
the city has more than 500 man-made sandstone caves which have been used for dwellings and jail cells. the new virtual reality tour will allow visitors who were unable to descend the steep steps into the caves to experience them. a series of caves has been found in the
a 22-month-old boy died after being left in a car for seven hours. his mother, Romy Zunde, had mistakenly believed she dropped him at childcare. police did not lay charges and a coronial lawyer recommended she not be held criminally responsible.
mice study shows altering the immune system slowed spread of skin cancers to lungs. cancer research says work gives new insight into how tumours spread and may lead to new treatments. researchers created 810 sets of genetically modified lab mice.
Hobart hurricanes face Sydney sixers in the final of the women's big bash. thunder - the only team without any english internationals - beat Adelaide strikers. men's team thunder also reach the final, beating adelaide strikers by eight wickets
the Scotsman says the local election results have laid down the "battlelines" for the upcoming general election. the Scottish Daily Mail claims it was the conservatives' best-ever council election result. however, the Scottish Sun says the surge in support came at the expense of votes for
Bell travelled around the middle east in the early 1890s and is credited with drawing up the borders of modern Iraq. her Grade II* listed childhood home, red barns, in redcar, has since been a pub and hotel and is now empty. redcar labour MP Anna Turley
former head of defunct oil firm says he's considering asking for asylum in the uk. he spent 10 years in prison on fraud charges, which he says were politically motivated. "i'm quite confident that within 10 years the regime will be changed," he tells the
theresa may tells the commons it is a 100% failure rate for fire safety checks. all samples submitted since the fire have failed. at least 79 people are feared to have been killed in the blaze on 14 June.
the brew is reportedly made from indigenous ginseng called insam and glutinous rice. the Pyongyang Times says it "exudes national flavour", without dampening your national fervour. replacing sugar with scorched rice removed bitterness from the ins
Saturday's 28-20 loss at Worcester warriors kept the falcons pinned to the foot of the table. it was the fourth defeat of the new campaign, and was the first in which all of the world cup duty players had been available. argentine centre Juan Pablo socino was restored to the
Reuben Lewis from Llanidloes was driven 45 minutes from school without teachers or transport staff realising he was still on board. council said there had been a "serious breakdown in communication" most recent incident was on Monday, when it was only noticed Reuben was missing
u.s. president argued that even if the accord was fully implemented it would only have a "tiny, tiny" impact on temperatures. climate researchers have taken issue with the president's use of the data. they say that withdrawing from the agreement is the wrong approach
Cpl James Dunsby was one of three reservists to die from overheating on the exercise. the 31-year-old's temperature was 40.4C (104.7F) - well above a normal 37C. he died at Birmingham's queen Elizabeth
google is working on technology that combines disease-detecting nanoparticles with a wrist-worn sensor. the idea is to identify slight changes in the person's biochemistry that could act as an early warning system. it marks the search company's latest shift into the medical sector.
the black stars are in the semi-finals of the africa cup of nations. but some Ghanaians have expressed dissatisfaction with the performances. aston villa forward Jordan ayew appears to be the focus of the doubters' negativity.
the 23-year-old has scored three goals in 127 games for the Shrimps. he joined from blackburn Rovers in may 2014. the centre-half was named player of the year at morecambe's awards night.
Melanie Harris, 44, emptied the bank account of 65-year-old Ted Carter, who had cerebral palsy, and used it for shopping trips and family presents. Harris, from Barnstaple, had denied one count of fraud but was jailed for two-and-a-half
the head of football's governing body outlined his vision for an expanded tournament earlier this month. a decision will be made in January but any change to the 32-team format is unlikely to come in before 2026. the european club association has rejected calls for the 2018 world cup to be expanded
arlene went missing after a night out in county donegal in 1994. the main suspect in her disappearance, Robert Howard, died in prison last year. Kathleen arkinson said she felt police had missed opportunities to question some witnesses.
more than three million people aged over 65 have a care need, but just two-thirds get help. there are 10 million people over the age of 65 in the uk. just over one million pay for care or rely on family and friends. ministers say steps are being taken to
Ruth Carr attacked Alan Allan, 34, at about 09:00 on 25 January last year. she had claimed Mr Allan had sexually assaulted her. a jury rejected her claims of self defence and convicted her of murder.
at least 100 others were wounded in the strike, which reportedly struck a warehouse containing weapons. casualties were also reported after air strikes in the northern province of hajjah, near the Saudi border. residents of the bakeel al-Meer area told the Reuters news agency
the motion was tabled by fianna fil's Jim O'Callaghan. a march in 2006 was abandoned after rioting erupted.
Chaz Davies wins the final race of the 2016 formula one season. northern irishman clinches an unassailable 55-point lead going into final round. team-mate and title challenger Tom Sykes finishes fourth.
the detainees are part of a group of 88 prisoners previously held by the us. the US insists they are "dangerous individuals" but Afghanistan says there is not enough evidence against them. dozens of prisoners at bagram jail have been freed since the Afghan government took over
"i don't think that this makes me a real director, but I think it means I'm on my way," says affleck. he missed out on an Oscar directing nomination for his role in "argo" "i'm thrilled and honoured that the academy no
president goodluck jonathan has declared a state of emergency in three states. the move is aimed at "asserting the nation's territorial integrity" 2,000 people have died in the violence since 2010.
former sun and daily mail writer and sports editor for the Observer has died. he had been suffering from oesophagus cancer. his brother said: "he could make you laugh in print, which not many people could do"
boys, aged 12 and 13, seriously injured in attack in Havant, hants. Richard Michael Walsh, 43, has been charged with two counts of attempted murder. he will appear before magistrates in Portsmouth on Monday.
latham takes bronze in the men's team pursuit at the hong kong championships. the 23-year-old chased down Adrian Teklinski of Poland, who won gold, and Lucass Liss of germany, who got silver. england'
seven players remain from last season's winning team. Kieron assiratti, Shane Lewis-hughes, Morgan Sienawski, Rhun Williams (all Cardiff Blues), Kieran Williams (both Ospreys) and Declan Smith (s
characters previously played by Prunella scales and Geraldine McEwan in 1985 series. "i cannot wait to get my teeth into Mapp, and of course, Lucia," says parade's end star. Chancellor said she was "thrilled to be playing the glorious Lucia
'Oey' was quite a shy lad who enjoyed playing football and going out with his mates and brothers. he was known for being a speedy winger and played for the woodpecker bar FC. his mother, jacqueline, said: '
one boy, 16, pleaded guilty to assault and another, also 16, admitted theft. he had previously served custodial sentences for assaults committed when he was 14 and 15. the attacker, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had previously been jailed.
england beat the netherlands 1-0 in their euro 2017 qualifier in tilburg. defenders Toni duggan and aaron ramsey both impressed for the lionesses. former english forward sue smith believes the result shows
the 22-year-old will fill the gap left by Micky young and Peter stringer, who will leave the club in the summer. Evans made his dragons debut at 17, making him the youngest player to ever represent the region. he will compete for a place in the side with Chris Cook
the 42-year-old had regained the lead from frenchman Armel le Cléac'h. his next milestone is to turn north at Cape Horn. gosport-based Thomson is aiming to be the first Briton to win the race.
the motion was filed by greens party MP Jeremy Buckingham to the upper house of the NSW parliament. it condemned "the misogynist, hateful comments" made by Mr Trump about women and minorities. he has apologised for remarks, which he described as
BBC will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of coverage of the 2016 rio olympics. up to 24 live HD video streams will show every moment online. fans will also be able to personalise their experience on the BBC Sport website.
decommissioned transocean winner came ashore at Dalmore, near Carloway on Lewis, in a storm while being towed to the Mediterranean. its grounding last august sparked pollution fears due to the 280 tonnes of diesel on board. investigations found two of its four
Stack is a queuing system where lorries waiting to cross the channel park on closed sections of the motorway. last week, it reached unprecedented levels when Stack was extended to phase four for the first time in its history. the daily cost to the UK economy was estimated at
mark Jones, 43, who had been in hospital since the incident on 26 July, died on Saturday. two men have been charged with attempted murder and having a shotgun following the shooting on new road, mountain Ash.
west indies beat england in the men's world twenty20 final. they needed 19 off the final over to win the match. marlon Samuels scored 85 not out to keep them in contention. brathwaite's match-winning blitz off Ben Stokes
former police captain ran counter-insurgency unit that killed anti-apartheid activists. it operated in secrecy from a farm near pretoria, recruiting black liberation movement members whom it turned into killers. coetzee claimed responsibility for the killings of
the prime minister says it will be a day of "mixed emotions" for families. 96 Liverpool fans were killed in a crush at the leppings Lane turnstiles. ex-south yorkshire police, two officers, a solicitor and a Sheffield Wednesday club secretary
pottery fragments and the remains of kilns used for drying grain were among discoveries made at Torvean. archaeologists have been monitoring the building of the west link. the new road is being built for Highland council to ease traffic flow through inverness.
flowers and candles laid at the foot of the monument in memory of those who died in shootings. series of violent attacks in the past few days has shaken people here. what is going on in germany? what drives individuals to commit mass killings?
the party was only allocated 25 seconds of airtime which was aired a month before polling day. to qualify for an election broadcast a party has to stand a minimum of 12 candidates in at least six constituencies. the workers party said this rule was "effectively putting a
window smashed before accelerant poured inside and van set alight. mayweather was appearing in the city, meeting fans as part of a tour. eyewitness who filmed the damaged vehicle but did not wish to be named.
the girl was riding the train with her family, who were visiting from tennessee. police described the explosion as a "fireball", burning her face. the girl suffered mild burns to her face, arm, and leg.
the man, believed to be in his thirties, suffered neck injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene outside southwark park primary school. one witness tweeted he saw "a lot of blood" in the area after the accident at around 11:00 GMT. emergency services, including a London
the percentage of the world's population with visual impairments is actually falling. but the global population is growing and more people are living into old age. the worst affected areas for visual impairment are in south and east Asia.
Scotland beat poland 1-0 in a friendly in warsaw on wednesday. captain Scott brown scored the only goal of the game. the two sides will meet again in an international qualifier in October.
Richard gray, 36, admitted intending to cause fear of violence with the fake firearm. he also admitted possessing a knife in worthing's Victoria park.
gunnersbury cemetery in west London contains about 1,600 graves belonging to Poles. volunteers sweep away leaves and light candles contained in glass lanterns, or znicze. president of the Polish Government in exile, Kazimierz Sabbat, among those buried there.
broadband suppliers will now have to show upfront and monthly costs, without separating out line rental prices. the ASA said customers were now much less likely to be misled. there will be no change to the way providers are allowed to advertise the broadband speeds on offer.
a man entered the store on balmoral place between 07:30 and 07:45. he threatened a 33-year-old member of staff with a weapon and attacked him. the suspect fled with cash, cigarettes and the wallet and mobile of a customer.
corporation tax is the tax that companies pay on their profits. the current UK rate is 21% whereas in the republic of Ireland firms pay 12.5%. devolution of the tax was dependant on welfare reform being implemented.
a stretch of the 100ft (30m)-high cliff in east Cliff fell away on Sunday. the area has been cordoned off by the council amid concerns of further movement. no-one was injured but the seafront promenade remains open.
the 28-year-old has scored 37 goals in 98 appearances since joining from non-league Halifax. "lee committing his future to us is a big boost for everybody," boss Neil Harris said.
the inmate, from Romania, had been serving a 30-month sentence for sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13. he was due for release from HMP littlehey in Cambridgeshire on 6 January, but was deported on Friday morning. the ministry of justice said an investigation
Tobias Ellwood re-elected in Bournemouth east with 14,612 majority. former coalition partners lost 22.5% of their vote in that constituency. Richard Drax will be returning to parliament after winning Dorset south seat.
proposals to cut the cultural programme and libraries were ruled out. however, reductions will be made in sports funding. council leader Jenny laing said frontline services and jobs was the budget priority.
two-and-a-half-year-old Liam Fees died in february last year. his nursery alerted social services, worried by a change in him. a senior social worker admitted in court that at one point Liam "fell off their radar" a
the new rules, brought in on Friday, also include stopping Syrian refugees travelling to the us until further notice. there have been big protests against the ban over the weekend.
the new laws could be applied to up to half of the 120 australians fighting in the middle east. they would also strip citizenship from dual nationals who engaged in terrorism inside australia. prime minister Tony Abbott said the laws would not leave anyone stateless.
protest by 16 soldiers was sparked by grievances with their captain and colour sergeant. soldiers complained of being "led by muppets", the court martial heard. a ringleader shouted "sit down" and members of the platoon did so.
33-year-old victim was playing on a fruit machine in the rosevale tavern in partick. a stranger assaulted him and fled via a side entrance, police said. the attacker is described as being aged in his mid 20s with brown hair.
"if your a rapper I suggest you run because I'm about to come for all of you sucka's," he wrote. the 37-year-old achieved fame as a stand-up before enjoying further success. he has already been seen this summer in the action
Murray beats american Sam querrey 6-4 6-2 6-4 in one hour and 59 minutes. world number 51 beats australian 27th seed Bernard tomic in straight sets. defending champion novak djokovic loses to germany's mischa z
defensive end jared allen, 34, last played for the Carolina Panthers in 2015. he had spells with the kc chiefs and the illinois bears. "we are proud to have jared retire as a member of the Vikings franchise," says
the 25-year-old centre-back rejected a new contract at the oxford. he is new manager Paul cook's first signing since arriving on 31 may.
the report was commissioned to inform delegates preparing a UN resolution. it says the open ocean is at risk from climate change, over-fishing, deep sea mining, farm pollution and plastics. the authors say one area - the Bay of Bengal - is at a tipping
six people died and 15 others were injured when the lorry veered out of control. the driver, Harry Clarke, 58, blacked out at the wheel of the vehicle. he was later suspended from his council job and resigned before a disciplinary hearing.
Mr Bell made the allegation while speaking under parliamentary privilege. the DUP said the claims were "outrageous" and "nothing short of mud-slinging" MLAs were debating the RHI scheme at stormont.
south of Scotland facility shut last year despite a local campaign for its retention. report to dumfries and galloway council said new service was proving of a "high standard" however, it said changes to IT systems meant "direct performance comparisons" were not possible.
the new 30-mile borders railway is expected to open in september. infrastructure minister Keith brown has confirmed officers have discussed a feasibility study. the announcement was welcomed by the lib dem MSP for the south of Scotland.
SP manweb was granted permission to run 10.5 miles of overhead cables between two wind farms in Clocaenog forest to a substation near st asaph last year. local action group Pylon the pressure won the right to judicial review. it claims the double wooden pole
saido berahino scores his first goal in the premier league since October. the 22-year-old volleys in Connor Wickham's double in 3-2 win over crystal palace. he apologised on friday for threatening to go on strike
60 life-sized ewes have formed an art trail between Keswick and windermere. each sculpture is sponsored by a local business and decorated by an artist. the project is part of the lake district calvert trust's 40th anniversary.
european champions had 64% possession in alicante. full-back Mario gaspar scored a stunning acrobatic goal. it was a first defeat since the 2014 world cup for england.
coin was created by french rulers of the time to increase their available currency. 23.5mm diameter pendant created from imitation of a gold solidus of emperor Maurice Tiberius. coin was likely to have come to England as a result of export trade at the time.
Arron banks, who funded the leave EU campaign, made the allegation via twitter. a spokesman said his membership had lapsed earlier this year. party leader Paul nuttall said the businessman was causing "negative and damaging publicity"
the council is consulting on plans to introduce a cycle lane on cathedral road. it also wants to make some streets one-way and remove a traffic island. the plans are part of the council's 2015-16 local transport plan.
Clarkie and Melanie killen are the first father and daughter to officiate a senior game in Ireland. the pair were in charge of a game between St Johnston and Ballyspallen in the Eric Cooke cup. Melanie Killen became the first ever woman umpire of
two men were jailed for carrying out abuse during the 1970s, 80s and 90s at skircoat lodge. victim Kaz gray said inquiries did not go far enough and some individuals were allegedly still working with children. council said no one involved in the historical cases still worked for the authority
Vincent Ryan, 25, was shot dead in Finglas in Dublin on Monday after dropping off his partner and five-month-old baby. the gunmen escaped in a silver Volkswagen golf that was taken during a burglary in county Kildare in October. Irish police do not believe the murder of
skins of insects have been found on winmarleigh moss, near garstang. baculovirus drives caterpillars on a "death march" to the top of plants. when it dies the bug bursts out to seek other victims.
Andrew Hocking, 57, sexually assaulted four girls, aged between six and 12, from 1976 to 1990. he was found guilty of one count of rape and six indecent assaults. police say he showed "no genuine remorse" for
Brentford beat bolton 2-0 in their premier league clash. lasse vibe nets a first-half double. bolton are 17 points from safety with six games remaining.
the 19-year-old failed to return home after a night out in Ipswich on 12 may 2006. police have released CCTV images of a silver or white Volvo 440. officers are keen to trace the driver and any occupants of the vehicle.
Lancashire were 264 ahead when their ninth wicket fell. Derbyshire then lost both openers cheaply to end day on 27-2.
Aston villa's Jordan Ayew opened the scoring on 62 minutes, curling the ball past ley matampi in the leopards goal. Paul-Jose M'Poku equalised for DR Congo with a sensational long-range effort from outside the box
eight villa supporters and seven Leicester fans were held after trying to run away. five more were arrested after being found hiding in a nearby car park. the match in price street, Birmingham, at 16:15 GMT on saturday.
two waves of bombs pounded the city from 20:00 GMT on 22 December. 684 people died and a further 2,300 were wounded. at least 8,000 homes were made uninhabitable.
Solomona runs in three tries either side of Corey Thompson putting Widnes back into the game. Solomona has scored 40 tries in the league this term - the most ever scored in a Super League campaign. the result means that castleford finish in fifth place in the super league
a group calling itself Guardians of peace claimed responsibility for the hack. the group has leaked scripts from upcoming movies as well as personal emails. some details are harmless, others have triggered FBI investigations.
Matthew Williams was found attacking Cerys Yemm, 22, at the Sirhowy arms hotel. he was Tasered four times by police and arrested but later died. inquest heard he had previously made death and violence threats to his ex-girlfriend, probation service staff and a police
study of 15,687 adults has been analysed at heriot-watt university. those with mental health conditions least likely to have developed ways of living with illness. chronic illnesses affect an estimated 800,000 people in Wales.
the suspensions based on evidence from the Mclaren report should stand until 31 October. the six, including sochi medallists, were named as having had urine samples tampered with. they were banned by the international ski federation (FIS) in January.
the sum is on top of more than £1.2bn set aside in previous years' provisions. up until the end of March, NAB had set aside £806m to compensate customers. this year's extra funding will come from a £1.7bn mis-selling fund.
the two-year-old male zebra was owned by a mobile zoo. it was being housed at the Mikuni west farm, a local stable and riding club. on Tuesday evening it became agitated and trampled the paddock fence.
the blaze took hold of the abandoned building at about 16:20. there were no casualties in the incident, a spokeswoman said. the hospital was closed in 2012, but later temporarily reopened.
one policeman refused to shake hands with the president and prime minister. he said: "there are too many problems in the police. we've had enough."
Nigeria's police chief wants all new recruits to undergo a lie detector test. the move is innovative and opens up all manner of possibilities on the continent. citizens in the Zimbabwean capital, Harare, vented their anger over phony police roadblocks.
the blue cloth-covered 1935 edition bears the Nazi dictator's signature on the front fly leaf. it was presented to former BBC and Oxford mail journalist Peter Cadogan in the 1930s. auctioneer says some people "wouldn't touch anything Nazi with a bargepole" but
archaeologists are racing against changing tides to record and excavate footprints. team believes the footprints could be 3,000 to 4,000 years old. a line of post holes has been found, which could have been a causeway.
many of the names were published in a magazine just weeks before the presidential election in which Ms Rousseff is running for a second term. a number of politicians mentioned have denied involvement.
the 35-year-old former manchester united trainee joined bolton in 2015. he made just eight appearances for the club before leaving at the end of last season. the former defender has played over 350 career games in spells with 16 clubs.
more than 600 Jamaican nationals are in uk jails but cannot be deported because of poor prison conditions. officials say the foreign aid-funded deal could save taxpayers £10m a year when transfers begin in 2020. more than 300 existing offenders are expected to be sent back under the Jamaica
bank had no firewall and used second-hand routers that cost $10. hackers aimed to steal $1bn but made mistakes that led to the theft being stopped. a spelling mistake in one of the transfer orders alerted bank staff and meant the hackers only managed to steal $81m.
sidwell has played virtually his entire career in the premier league. the 33-year-old had a loan stint with the seagulls in 2002-03 when he was at arsenal. he becomes Brighton's fourth signing of the January transfer window.
Foster has had his fair share of criticism from fans over the years. he says he has learned to accept criticism and move on. the midfielder has been criticised by a fan on twitter.
oil and gas service company Hydrus has started work on a specialist manufacturing base at the Brechin business park. it is forecast the new development will bring tens of millions of pounds into the local economy. bosses say it will create 100 jobs over five years.
this will be my 11th Wimbledon and it feels different to when I first played. there's a bit of a feelgood factor around British tennis at the moment. it's tough working your way up through the rankings.
tuition fees for 2017 are listed on Durham, Kent and royal holloway websites as £9,250. the higher level fees are for undergraduate courses starting in autumn 2017. government will support an increase if universities can show high quality teaching.
a 44-year-old man, from Harrogate, is expected to appear before the town's magistrates in December. he had been charged with causing grievous bodily harm to Paul Colin Morrison, 51, from Burton Leonard, in the beer garden of a pub in
yn ôl dywedodd i'r cwmni sy'n ceisio cael cefnogaeth ar gyfer Cylchffordd Cymru roi mw
Elias Kachunga scores his 12th goal of the season for Huddersfield. Aaron Mooy makes it 2-0 with a low shot that beats michael McGovern at his near post. Nahki wells adds a third for the home side as they
Sergio aguero is serving a three-match ban for his violent conduct against west ham. argentine forward has scored three goals in three premier league matches this season. pep guardiola's side have "amazing options" without the forward, says jose m
former manager of Bournemouth and crystal palace returns to his old club. the 58-year-old says a return to Stoke "could not have been scripted better" "players live a different life now, they've become film stars," he says.
the 37-year-old will finish his international career on home soil. he announced his decision during the second Test match against Pakistan in colombo. left-hander is Sri Lanka's highest run scorer and fifth-highest Test scorer of all time.
Moussa dembele misses training with a hamstring complaint. leigh Griffiths serving a one-game ban for "provoking supporters" Rosenborg's pal andre helland is the only injury absentee.
local authority has spent more than £750,000 on events since 2014. 38 events have attracted combined attendances of more than 160,000 people. study was undertaken to assess effectiveness of the local authority's MFES.
a report following an unannounced inspection said the overall number of self-harm incidents at HMP woodhill was also "very high" it said the prison's response to the deaths had "lacked rigour" the high-security jail is mainly used to hold remand
hooker best, 33, is a candidate to succeed former captain Paul O'Connell. back row Jamie heaslip could be favourite having deputised against argentina. best recently signed a new two-year contract with the Irish RFU.
more than 20 competitors are due to take part in Saturday's event in the cairngorms. carvers from Scotland, England, Ireland as well as continental europe, canada and the us regularly enter the competition. they can use only chainsaws - any other carving tool is
Irfan patel, 33, found guilty of cruelty against children at a mosque in lancashire. mother horrified to discover her son's madrassa teacher had been hitting and abusing him. in the last year, three teachers from madraasas in
michael gove and boris johnson go to bed with only one speech prepared. "guess what? we've won!" says his wife, Sarah Vine. johnsons say they are now charged with implementing instructions of 17 million people.
wholesale gas and electricity prices in the uk hit a five-year low at the end of 2015. energy costs make up nearly half of a domestic bill. ofgem chief executive dermot nolan says prices have not fallen.
DJ will be joined on the line-up by 90s girl group all saints. the festival takes place at Lulworth castle from 27 to 30 july. other acts include children's entertainer Mr Tumble.
england tight-head prop pleaded guilty at a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday. he will miss saints' Premiership game at Leicester on Saturday and their Champions Cup game with leinster. Newcastle lock Calum green, 26, has also been banned for a week.
pm theresa may has ordered a public inquiry into the deadly tower block fire. but she was criticised for failing to meet residents when she visited the scene. mr corbyn said people living in high-rise flats would be frightened following the disaster.
bitcoin is a system of digitally created and traded tokens to which value is assigned. computers solve cryptographic problems in order to add blocks to the blockchain. some fear the network will eventually become oversaturated and cease to be usable.
the 27-year-old man was riding a grey Triumph daytona motorcycle. he crashed on the B6479 near Selside at 19:25 BST on wednesday. the air ambulance was called but the biker died at the scene.
the six girls were taking part in the FIRST global challenge competition. they took home a silver medal for courageous achievement. the competition will take place in Mexico city next year.
tries by dafydd howells, keelan giles, ma'afu fia, alun wynn Jones and a penalty try secured a bonus point by half time. fly-half Sam Davies scored 11 points and impressed with his distribution
two police officers taken to hospital after they were hit by a car in icy conditions. weather has led to widespread ice on roads across the Highlands and central Scotland. northern constabulary warns freezing temperatures overnight meant a "significant risk" of black ice.
singer has had to postpone a series of summer festival dates including shows in italy, germany and london's Hyde park this week. a spokesman said the diagnosis had been made "following a number of exploratory scans and blood tests with his
in 1975, cryptographer whitfield diffie devised "public key cryptography" he took encryption keys away from the state and marked the start of "crypto wars" in the u.s., apple and the fbi are locked in
a labour-led government supported by the SNP and the lib dems is seen as the most likely outcome. this would lead to increased taxes, less austerity and a slower reduction in the deficit. but markets are unsettled because both major parties have been or would be held
Markit's latest Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 53.6, from 54 in may. analysts said the strong dollar was weighing on factory orders. the us commerce department said construction activity in may was its highest since late 2008.
photographer hugh kinsella cunningham visited Kinshasa to mark the anniversary of Muhammad Ali's death last year at the age of 74. there are about 120 semi-regular attendees at the Muhammad Ali Memorial club, including more than 40 who hope to box professionally.
residents of 650 flats in camden evacuated at short notice from their homes over fire safety concerns. local council says it will remove external thermal cladding from five tower blocks. many residents feel like the evacuation is an overreaction and firmly believe they could stay in their flats.
1.2 million people aged 16 to 25 in England have at some point stayed in an unsecure or unsafe place. Connor Lawson, who plays Alex, and gaia Marcus, from the homelessness charity centrepoint, join Jenny on the sofa to talk about it.
the summertime routes were due to end in late september. due to poor seat sales, the airline is stopping the service at the end of august. it said it had reallocated its planes to "routes with greater demand"
the blast happened at a vehicle repair unit, and appeared to be an accident. one person was trapped under rubble, another was seriously injured, and others had minor injuries. south-eastern turkey has seen frequent clashes between the PKK and Turkish security forces since a fragile truce
here is her life in pictures:
munashe Charles Kutyauripo, 16, known as Charlie, was attacked at Ashton playing fields. police said the boys were arrested at separate addresses and were in custody. detectives are continuing to search for 16-year-old Aaron Alexander Tavares-Ga
Portadown host Ballinamallard in the scottish premiership on saturday. the bottom side are 11 points adrift of relegation play-off place carrick. portadown came from behind to beat Carrick 2-1 last weekend.
pro-ukrainians hackers are the Ukrainian Cyber Troops, the Cyber Berkut and Anonymous. all three present themselves as independent activists, separate from other, government-sponsored groups. they make extensive use of one of the most tried and tested tools in cyber warfare, the distributed denial-of
Kevin McKell, 31, had returned from a visit to bavaria when his suitcase set off alarms. he told security staff that he had a knuckle duster and a knife. but a check revealed three CS gas canisters, seven knives and
the Scunthorpe steelworks has been on the market since 2014. sale to UK-based investment firm, greybull capital, would secure 4,800 jobs. greybull plans to invest £400m in the business but the plan involves significant cost savings.
Mickelson misses 15-foot birdie putt on the 18th for a 62 at the troon open. the 2013 champion says he played "one of the best rounds of his life" compatriot Patrick Reed and german's Martin Kaymer are second on five under
after the problems last week, many doubt the system will cope. but transport for London (tfl) remains confident, although there will be breakdowns. here's some friendly advice for tourists and Olympic visitors.
FTSE 100 index was down 17.61 points at 6,910.66. shares in WH Smith rose 2.9% after it reported flat like-for-like sales. pound was flat against the dollar at $1.5345 and rose 0.1% against the euro.
5,423 assaults on prison staff in the 12 months to end of march - a rise of 40% on last year. 65 prisoners were released in error in 2015-16 - the highest total for six years. shadow prisons minister Jo Stevens said the figures highlighted "the unacceptable state of our
farmers said some were unable to control their dogs around livestock and let the pets run through crops. the advice includes opening up less sensitive areas to dog walkers rather than trying to ban them completely. the guidance also encourages landowners to explain why certain places should be avoided.
three-time cancer survivor Mike Peters is encouraging us congressmen and senators to 'Get On The List' on capitol hill on tuesday. potential donors fill out a consent form and have their cheeks swabbed. their details are then stored
last year's budget came to almost exactly £15bn, but for 2017/18 that is expected to shrink to between £14.6bn and £14.8bn. ministers always face pressure to boost funding for the NHS - and there could well be a boost for health in the budget.
the crash happened at the mill street level crossing in leominster, herefordshire. replacement buses are running between hereford and shrewsbury. no-one was injured in the crash, which happened at 05:50 GMT on friday.
england prop cian healy suffers suspected ankle ligament damage. the 25-year-old twisted his left leg in the 37th minute of the 69-17 win over western force. he has also been cited for allegedly biting Western force scrum
asset seizure by the us would be the largest ever by the justice department's anti-corruption unit. 1Malaysia Development Bhd was set up by prime minister Najib Razak in 2009. it started to attract negative attention in early 2015 after it missed payments for some
govanhill housing association has committed £3.7m to new housing and repairs for the duration of the four year period. homes are planned to be for social or mid-market rent and it is hoped they will all be completed by 2021. of this, £14m was announced last month as part of
many analysts have slashed their 2016 oil price forecasts. it's down to too much supply and too little demand. rise of the us as a shale oil producer means it now imports less oil.
last year, the scheme's budget was cut in order for cash to go to the NHS. but the labour-run Welsh government said this had not affected the scheme. Chancellor George Osborne said the decision pointed to "confusion" within labour. other parties also criticised the decision with
the protest comes after a series of controversial comments by president Trump during his election campaign. protesters said they believe the rights of many americans are under threat from the new administration. they said they were overwhelmed by the number of people who took part.
two arrested on suspicion of murder following death of 22-year-old man. the man was taken to hospital and died shortly after, police say.
women working in Scotland still earn an average of 6.2% less than men. difference between men and women's median hourly earnings fell from 7.7% in 2015 to 6.2% in 2016. despite 51% of workers in finance and insurance being female, it is sector with highest pay gap.
Margaret Slater, who has dementia, was taken to queen's medical centre. her family said there appeared to be too many patients for the number of staff. the hospital apologised and said there had been a "surge" in patients.
eu suspects money went to FN assistants engaged in FN party work in france. the allegations - denied by the FN - have now gone to french investigators. Ms Le Pen is campaigning for the second-round vote in the presidential election.
the pay threshold will apply to people wanting to remain permanently after more than five years working in the UK. those who don't qualify will be ordered to leave the UK after six years. settlement has been granted on the basis of length of time living in - and ties to - the country
this year the yacht received a record score of 96%, the highest mark ever awarded to a visitor attraction in Scotland. with 308,906 visitors in 2015, the royal yacht last week announced 2015 as its best since its opening year in 1999. Almost five million people from around the world have
Aslef said it had been told that unless drivers agreed to rosters they would automatically be imposed and no pay offer would be made this year. the union said LU had "closed down" negotiations, however LU said these claims were "completely untrue".
chapel bay fort and museum at angle will open on 3 April after years of restoration work. coast artillery fort was completed in 1891 and is the earliest known fort in the world constructed in concrete. on display will be the biggest gun and shell in Wales; a 25-pound
homes and streets were hit in Wrexham, in Llay, Rossett and Gresford. residents in at least four properties are being rehoused while repairs are carried out. in pembrokeshire residents describe an "ocean of water" after a river
allegations relate to his time as mayor of Jerusalem in the 1990s. former prime minister has already been charged in three unrelated corruption cases. he denies any wrongdoing and has called the investigation a "witch hunt"
proposed deal would see all migrants travelling to Greece from turkey sent back. in return the EU might offer Turkey incentives, including financial aid and visa-free access to Schengen countries. since January 2015, a million migrants and refugees have entered the EU by boat.
new laws in both states allow businesses to refuse service to LGBT people. the advisory comes from the UK foreign and Commonwealth office. "attitudes toward LGBT people differ hugely across the country," it reads.
league one side Gillingham are hoping to construct a new stadium at mill hill in Medway. the current 11,582-seater Priestfield ground has been their home since 1893. Gillingham currently have an average home attendance of 5,000-6,000.
the body of the 36-year-old was found in a house in glasgow. two officers were seen at the property on friday afternoon. police said a post-mortem examination would be carried out.
Ipswich beat derby 1-0 at the britannia stadium to move up to ninth in the table. Luke Varney gives his side the lead eight minutes after his introduction. bartosz bialkowski makes three good saves to keep the visitors out.
researchers say a slow underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a bin. faster throws tend to be less accurate because the ball travels in a nearly straight line. in sports such as basketball, fielders are more likely to strike the wicket with a
Oliver Hannon-Dalby, 28, and batsman matthew lamb, 20, have both signed one-year extensions, to the end of the 2018 season. Thornton, 24, made his first-team debut for the bears in the one-day cup win over northamptonshire on 27
the odds of correctly forecasting all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships are a sextillion to one. to qualify for the prize, participants have to enter their phone number, together with their email and home addresses.
the yellow warning will remain in force until 11:00 on sunday. some snow is expected even at low levels in northern scotland. other areas could see 2-3cm fall on higher ground.
several first-team regulars, including captain David Gray, are out of contract this summer. defenders Darren McGregor, Lewis Stevenson and Liam Fontaine, midfielders Marvin bartley and Fraser Fyvie, winger Chris Humphrey are among those coming to
Sepp Blatter said there may be a new president in the near future. the 77-year-old was speaking off the cuff before a speech in the caribbean. he was introduced incorrectly as "fifa's vice-president" by
3% of men also suffer from the condition. new dads can find it hard to seek help.
more than 20 ex-footballers have made allegations of child sex abuse. former darts player Eric Bristow asked why victims did not "sort out" their abusers "when they got older and fitter" former Crewe player Steve Walters said he was "dis
Tashan corpe, 27, died in Sedgemoor road, bath, on Sunday. police have charged 30-year-old Josh farnham with murder. Rachel Smith, 42, has been charged with assisting an offender.
director general of the BBC Tony hall outlines plans for the next decade. he says the corporation will become an "open BBC for the internet age" a children's iPlayer and a pool of local reporters are also planned. but he warns that funding cuts will mean the
hardware retailer's fourth quarter sales rose 9.5% to almost $21bn (£14.9bn) shares of home depot rose 2% in afternoon trading in new york. company has benefited from pent-up demand in the housing market.
Bell made three first-team appearances for Dale in addition to loan spells at Chester and droylsden. he follows former forest green striker reece styche among the Tynesiders forward imports.
the trial was adjourned because the court said the accused must testify in person. an underground fire sent deadly carbon monoxide through the mine. it was modern turkey's worst industrial accident.
a senior RAF commander says IS has been firing surface-to-air missiles at coalition planes. but so far no aircraft has been hit by the missiles, which have been detected as they were launched. the RAF has confirmed its aircraft have been fired at too - though they say
the british and the brazilian sealed victory in 67 minutes in monte carlo. the pair remain top of the ATP doubles rankings. they will face either Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas mahut in the final.
north greenwich station was evacuated last week during the alert. damon smith, from south east london, was remanded in custody.
the latest high-profile case to come to court dates back 25 years. it involved a group of Sikh men, including children, travelling by bus. police officers stopped the bus in pilibhit and forced some of the men out. later, joined by more policemen, they divided the men
the school day in china's state schools starts at 7am with various physical exercises. the teaching style is focused on note-taking and repetition, otherwise known as rote learning. good exam results are associated with social status and success.
government's green paper aims to increase public trust in business. it comes after theresa may appeared to row back from plans to force companies to appoint employees to their boards. the government is considering whether employees' representatives should be given an advisory role.
70 staff at Ferguson Shipbuilder, Port Glasgow, were laid off last august when it went into administration. entrepreneur Jim McColl, who took over the business, plans to invest up to £65m in the yard. much of the yard is being demolished as part of
Dorothy leyden's body was found on waste ground in collyhurst in 1971. she had been to a concert at the golden garter nightclub in Wythenshawe. her sister has made an emotional appeal for more information on her death.
two men, aged 27 and 28, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. police said a post-mortem examination was inconclusive, but it revealed her injuries were not consistent with a crash. Megan was due to take the first of her GCSE exams on Tuesday.
deputies voted to allow the department to overspend by £2.5m. Deputy mark dorey, a former social security minister, was elected to replace Deputy Adam.
guus hiddink watched sunderland's game from the stands on saturday. the 69-year-old will replace jose mourinho, who was sacked on Thursday. he also managed the club on a temporary basis for the 2008-
top seeds from Chinese Taipei win in just over an hour. it is the Chan siblings' third trophy of the year. Watson suffered a second-round singles defeat by Caroline wozniacki.
tries from Blake Ferguson, Josh dugan and Trent Merrin plus a penalty from Johnathan Thurston gave the Kangaroos an unassailable 20-0 lead. that was 24-0 by the break as the ruthless australia added to their score when dugan
sixty seasonal workers have had their contracts terminated early and eight permanent staff have been made redundant. the lagoon, which generates a man-made wave using new technology, suffered its third fault last week. it was filled with more than six million gallons (33,000 cubic metres) of
flames tore through newsome mills, a former textile mill in Huddersfield. the mill site is Grade II-listed and was founded in 1827. most of the buildings were let out as business units until the site was sold in 2006.
"radical ideas belong in a university," says professor louise Richardson. she will be the first female vice chancellor of the university since 1230. "education is the best possible antidote to radicalisation," she says. but there is a "crucial
the best picture winner also garnered best director awards for Richard linklater and best supporting actress for Patricia arquette. presentation of the awards is scheduled for 5 January in new york.
council said Richard Ellis was leaving on friday at the end of his contract. council said Ciaran monaghan and Ewan sutherland are both going under a voluntary redundancy and early retirement scheme.
new Zealander one shot behind joint leaders after two rounds at the ANA inspiration. canadian Brooke Henderson and south Korean Lee mi-rim lead after round one. catriona matthew is three behind on one over par after a round of 67.
Garner will join Nationwide in spring 2016 to replace current chief executive Graham beale. he will leave openreach, the fixed-line network provider, after almost two years in charge. ofcom is investigating whether Openreach should be split off from BT.
21-year-old defender joins Kilmarnock on a two-year contract. the defender spent a season on loan at dumbarton before moving to alloa. he joins fellow new arrivals Daniel higgins and Alan power at rugby park.
gwynedd council decides to go ahead with establishing a new church in Wales campus. governors want it designated as a community site and 500 people have signed a petition against the move. the plan would see the merging of Ysgol Bro Tegid and
judge tells court the weapons were to be used for "terrorising, intimidating and causing serious injury and death" four other men were also jailed for their part in the gun smuggling. court heard the men brought two shipments into the UK in February and September 2016.
New Horizons' 23-second thruster burn will adjust slightly its speed and arrival time. the spacecraft is due to scream past the dwarf world on 14 July at almost 14km/s. its latest detection is of frozen methane on the planet's surface.
Cipriani will return to his first professional club after four seasons at sale. the 28-year-old has made 65 appearances for the sharks, scoring 502 points. he spent the 2011-12 season at australian side Melbourne Rebels.
business secretary Greg Clark says government will "consider carefully" before backing the project. critics have warned of environmental damage and potential escalating costs. one third of the £18bn cost is being provided by Chinese investors.
Jon nolan's cross went over keeper Phil Smith and into the net to earn the hosts all three points. the result keeps Paul Hurst's Grimsby side third in the table, seven points above sixth-placed braintree.
fast food giant says it can't get hold of enough potatoes because of industrial action. as a result they're having to ration french fries for customers. there are more than 3,100 McDonald's outlets in Japan.
the 29-year-old will become the first active international to play in the match since 2009. Roberts is currently studying part-time at Cambridge's queens' college for a masters degree. former munster and Ireland A lock Ian Nagle will also play for Cambridge.
proposed new guidelines aim to update the way the courts deal with 54 crimes. council says judges should be able to send offenders to jail for longer where modern technology proves to be an aggravating factor. judges are concerned that they have seen a worrying increase in the number of cases where rap
Powell scored 12 goals in 41 appearances for wigan during a loan spell in 2013-14. the 22-year-old joined manchester united for £3m from crewe in 2012.
Christian Kern said he could not work with groups that "incite against people and minorities" he was sworn in on Tuesday, replacing Werner Faymann who quit after losing support. the SPO were trounced in the first round of presidential elections last month.
second youngest winner in Masters history, the first to go to 19 under (before a bogey on the last) phil mickelson and justin rose's score of 14 under for second would have been the winning tally in all bar five of the previous 78 Masters that have been
up to a million people still needed to complete their tax credit renewals. many in the self-assessment system must pay a tax bill. payment on account is equivalent to half the previous year's tax bill, paid on 31 January.
ex-oxford manager has guided the Cobblers to promotion from league two. wilder is currently on a one-year rolling contract with the league two side. bolton have also confirmed that assistant manager Steve Walford and first-team coach garry Parker have left the club.
Edinburgh caps end seven-game losing run with 3-2 home victory over Dundee stars. caps then go down 6-0 on tayside in rematch of the two games on sunday. the mixed weekend leaves the caps three points adrift of second bottom
MSC Oscar is shorter in length than the previous holder the CSCL Globe. it is 396m (1,300ft) long and has a capacity of 19,224 standard containers. more than 200 people lined the beach to welcome the ship's arrival.
Nick Selman scores second first-class century for gloucestershire. opener was dropped on eight in the first over of the day. seamers Matt Taylor and Craig Miles made sure wickets fell at regular intervals.
ministers insist money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks will be spent on improving child health. but the local government association fears this money is being used to cover funding shortages. it says schemes to improve pupils' health cannot be seen as "nice-to-do but fundamentally non-
the first Land Rover was introduced in 1948 and its basic design has changed little over the past six decades. a new Defender will need to be able to compete on both price and quality. the concept car is set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show.
the 25-year-old has been linked with a move away from the st mary's. van dijk suffered an ankle injury in January which ruled him out for the rest of the season. chelsea, manchester city, arsenal and liverpool have all
PPG says it is disappointed by Akzo's decision and will "review" the firm's response. it comes weeks after PPG increased its offer to buy the Amsterdam-based firm. the company says its own plans for growth are superior.
Aberdeen, Rangers and Spartans all net five goals in disposing of Jeanfield Swifts, Hamilton and Stirling university, respectively. hibernian won 1-0 away to Celtic and Glasgow Girls beat Hutchison Vale 3-1. the forfar farmington v hearts and queen
ICRC has had to halt deliveries to the red sea port of Hudaydah. it said this was partly because it had not received security guarantees. the port has also been targeted by warplanes from a Saudi-led coalition.
United Airlines: 'we have regretfully taken this decision because of the route's poor financial performance' european commission ruling defies logic and is an example of "abysmal Brussels decision-making" Managing director of united airlines: "this is a bad day for the executive and a
Bafana bafana are without a win in four games in group m. they drew 2-2 and 0-0 against cameroon in their last two games. the south africans are five points off the leaders with two games left.
Wikipedia "does not have enough detailed and reliable information about Russian regions and the life of the country", it says. some 50,000 books and documents have been collected to portray Russia "objectively and accurately" the move comes amid increasing Kremlin control of the web.
fearon won the 100m at the english championships in a time of 9.96 seconds. he represented great britain at the winter olympics in sochi in 2014. the 27-year-old forewent winter sport funding to pursue his sprinting dreams
Celtic and Dundee are exploring the possibility of staging a game in the us. former scotland international striker boyd has experience with mls side Portland. a formal proposal is set to be put before the Scottish professional football league.
four men, aged 59, 48, 38 and 18, remain in custody on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. a fifth man, aged 23, has been de-arrested, police said. police identified the car involved in the collision as a blue Peugeot 807.
gape joined the chairboys on a free transfer after spending four months on loan at Adams park this season. the 22-year-old has played 20 times for the saints youth team, scoring once. he leaves after making one first-team appearance, against everton in dec
cricketer Joe root receives the Sporting Achievement award at the Yorkshire awards. video of Bailey Matthews abandoning his walking aid to cross the finish line has been viewed more than 27 million times on facebook. television chef rosemary shrager wins Woman of the Year award.
media coverage of climate change has dropped by 36% globally, 26% in the us and 55% in the uk. is it a question of chronic political fatigue? are our brains simply not wired to think long-term? the inquiry hears from four expert witnesses.
the 47-year-old is being paid £250,000 by a betting firm, which denies the campaign is a publicity stunt. to be eligible for any election, Ginola would need the support of five football associations. the former midfielder is inviting the public and other organisations to join '
the Crucible has increased from 128 to 144 players this year. the top 16 seeds automatically qualify for the first round, with all non-seeded players starting in the first of three qualifying rounds. defending champion mark selby is the top seed, with five-time winner Ronnie
Hawk green 1st xi beat England legends in a Twenty20 match. Michael Vaughan, Devon Malcolm and others took to the field. the match was one of three the legends have scheduled in order to raise funds for grass roots cricket.
Burkina Faso have named a 24-man squad for the africa cup of nations. duarte has named several players with injuries, including préjuce nakoulma. there is a first call-up for ivorian striker Blati toure.
Andrew pimlott, 32, was holding a lit match at his parents' home in Plymouth. two police officers went to the home of his parents after his father called 999. the inquest heard the dead man had been served with a restraining order.
rail firm's parent company, GTR, says offer "cannot be available indefinitely" if strikes continue. RMT bosses accuse Southern of using "threats and bullying" and staged strikes. rail chiefs made a "full and comprehensive offer"
more than 1,300 people fled their homes in middletown, north of san francisco. a 72-year-old woman died in a wildfire in lake county, california. more than 1,000 structures, including barns and sheds, have been burned
southport have lost their last three games and are only a point above the drop zone. former Chester and kidderminster boss burr joined the club in September. burr replaced Andy bishop when they were second bottom in the league.
sherri papini, 34, was found with a bag over her head and chained at the waist and wrists. she was abducted while jogging near her home in northern California, on 2 November. police are searching for two Hispanic adult women, last seen driving
council said it would sell the building to help pay for a new facility in about four years. campaigners have now set up a community interest group in a bid to reopen pool. original 90ft (27m) pool was opened on 29 November 1911.
the word emoji literally means "picture" (e) + "character" (moji) in japanese. we bring you five stories from the last few days.
sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was airlifted to hospital but later died. her daughter Olivia, eight, was also injured in the incident on the Kingsway. a coroner has called on Swansea council to address safety concerns on the road.
the 29-year-old began the final round with a four-stroke lead. but he put his tee shot into the water at the 16th and made a double bogey. open champion henrik stenson was the top-placed european
the Greater Ardoyne Residents Collective (Garc) is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in the area. they are planning to stage a protest parade on Friday night. however, a community advert placed in the Irish News said the
the Suffragette oak in Kelvingrove park won a public vote. it was nominated and championed by Glasgow women's library. the oak will now compete with entries from 15 other countries.
Irvine became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years in 2013. the 30-year-old won scratch silver at the 2014 track cycling world championships. Irvine also won a World cup gold in Manchester in the same year.
winger young won the last of his 30 caps against Ukraine in September 2013. the 29-year-old has been used as a full-back and at wing-back this season. van gaal picked the former watford and aston villa player in a more orthodox
in may, india's supreme court ruled that the power station could start operations as it was "safe and secure" last year, the plant was the scene of mass protests over safety concerns. the plant is one of many that india hopes to build as part of its aim of generating 63,000
Margaret Gleeson, 70, died two days after a hernia operation at wigan's royal Albert Edward infirmary. inquest ruled out neglect and said she died due to a rare complication. but trust said it did not believe weekend staffing levels were
Ospreys coach unhappy with refereeing in loss to munster. believes players were unfairly tackled in two incidents. concedes that his side should have seen the match out.
special measures, including monthly inspections, were predicted to last two years. report blames safety concerns on "ageing facilities" and "increasing demands" also blames "stretched resources" for unscheduled refuelling of HMS vanguard.
woman, 52, died and a 16-year-old boy is in a critical condition. incident took place on penilee road in dumfries and galloway. police had earlier released an image of a 54-year old man they wanted to speak to.
the girls were "touched inappropriately" in the playground at the park in Windsor, Berkshire, on Thursday 11 august. Thames Valley police refused to give the suspect's age or say where he was arrested, citing "safeguarding issues" the boy has since been released on police
the 20-year-old striker was sent off in blues' 2-0 win on saturday. but an FA Regulatory Commission upheld Blues' appeal for wrongful dismissal. Adams is now free to play against Bristol city on Sunday.
police forced their way into the house in the fairway, Ruislip, west London on Wednesday. detectives do not believe a third party was involved in the deaths of the pair. a post-mortem examination is scheduled to take place on Friday.
the RCN is working on national advice to encourage more animal visitors. 82% of nursing staff said animals could help patients be more physically active. but many nurses said animals were not allowed where they worked.
eating disorders most commonly develop during adolescence. medical professionals warn that laxative abuse can cause diarrhoea, dehydration and electrolyte imbalances that can lead to kidney failure. beat wants minimum purchase age of 16 and maximum pack size reduced to 10
international trade secretary says he wants a deal with the EU "at least as free" as the present arrangements. he also suggested he wanted Britain to take its seat as an independent member of the world trade organisation after Brexit. asked if he agreed with car manufacturers who said tariffs between
two men have been arrested and questioned on suspicion of theft and fraud offences. a man in his 30s is still being detained in wexford. another man arrested in Limerick on Monday has been released without charge.
the move is part of planned changes to the Wales Bill which sets out the next steps for Welsh devolution. but two major teaching unions say they are opposed to the idea, fearing lower pay than in england. the announcement was made as the much-criticised bill returned to the
a 17-year-old female passenger is in a critical but stable condition in ninewells hospital following the crash on camperdown park's, main drive. a female driver, 17, and a male passenger, 19, sustained minor injuries. the incident happened at about 22:10 on
the new permanent Shoah exhibition has replaced the dilapidated one that was installed in 1960s communist-era Poland. one of the most moving displays highlights the 1.5 million Jewish children murdered by the nazis. he was taken around the exhibition before making a speech at the opening ceremony
nine of Wales' 22 councils had taken part in the Syrian refugee settlement programme. Oxfam Cymru welcomed the increase but said the resettlement process remained "painfully slow" ministers have pledged to settle 20,000 Syrians in the UK by 2020 under a scheme
events - at chatsworth house and Windsor great park - are aimed at a wide audience. "i've seen the benefits you have from being active and being healthy," says ennis- hill. find out how anyone can get involved with just about any sport with our special
the tank involved in the accident was a Norwegian "armoured recovery vehicle" two military personnel inside the tank were unhurt and the accident is being investigated. about 15,000 troops from 14 countries are in Norway taking part in the exercise.
cnn's john defterios visits the scene of a suicide bombing at a nigerian mosque. the blood-soaked mosque is strewn with debris, bullet marks and bullet marks. "this was the first time ever the five daily prayers were
dubbed the king of videopoker, he made his fortune by altering slot machines. authorities have described the seizure as the largest ever from a criminal in italian history. he is thought to have had strong links with one of the most powerful mafia networks
vandals entered a train depot and spraying graffiti on it. caning in Singapore involves being struck with a stick on the back of the thigh. the maximum penalty for vandalism is a fine of S$2,000.
the carneddau landscape partnership has been awarded £198,700. it claims the mountains' archaeology, ecology, peatland and Bronze Age cairns are "under threat" funding has also been set aside to improve the heritage of Holy Island, off Angles
the strikes followed a suspected chemical attack on a rebel-held syrian town. north Korea has carried out tests to develop a nuclear missile. the UN has banned it from missile or nuclear tests.
the Belfast Giants will play a Colin Shields all star select at the SSE arena. the 37-year-old is Belfast's all-time leading goal scorer with 208 goals in 517 games. last season he was named by the elite league as the best British player
Joe Robinson, 24, was arrested in the coastal town of didim with his fiance and mother. he is thought to be under suspicion of sharing material on social media from his time in Syria with Kurdish militia. his lawyer said his client was accused of "being a member of
HS2 will excavate sections of the burial ground to plan the removal of the remains. spokesman stresses the grounds had not been used for more than a century. notable people buried in the gardens include capt Matthew Flinders.
Stevens leads Kent to 389-7 after no play on the first day at Canterbury. Essex had slipped to 208-6 with seamer Dixon taking two wickets in two balls with figures of 4-89. Stevens shares a partnership of 108 with james Tredwell (39) and
Hezbollah leader says opposition too weak to bring down Assad's regime militarily. speech tacitly confirms the group has been involved in fighting in neighbouring Syria. more than 70,000 people have been killed since fighting between government forces and rebels erupted in march 2011
"it is likely to be the autumn of 2018," says scottish leader. he resigned as leader after losing the 2014 referendum two years ago. opposition parties point out that the SNP previously said the referendum was "once in a generation"
road closures are expected to stay in place until midday. about 75 firefighters worked into the night to put out the fire. the incident was scaled down at 2300 GMT.
device, believed to be a relic from world war two, was found in avenham park in Preston at about 15:00 GMT on friday. army's bomb disposal unit had been called and was planning to destroy the bomb, which could have been a danger to the public.
cameras are always on but only record once the officer presses a button. the move follows a three-month trial in 2015. any member of the public has the right to request footage within 31 days.
the number 27 comes from the number of years Nelson Mandela spent in prison. the anti-apartheid campaigner was president of south africa from 1994 to 1999. Izzard said he was "delighted" to be taking on the challenge.
Hibernian agree a fee with parkhead for midfielder allan. the 23-year-old is a boyhood rangers fan and would consider joining Celtic. former hibs captain liam Craig believes allan has the "character" to succeed.
the woman, named in floral tributes as Kelly, was arrested on suspicion of assault. she was taken to hospital where she later died. the incident has been referred to the IPCC for investigation.
argentina beat ireland 43-20 in a friendly match in Cardiff. jordi Murphy scored a try for the hosts in the 13th minute. the Irish were 17-0 down inside the opening 13 minutes.
boy left by the side of the road on the northern island of hokkaido on 28 may as punishment. when they came back he was gone. huge search was launched and the boy was found at a military base on friday.
hugh Thomson, 67, from Lumsden, drank half a pint of beer and four whiskies. police found he was more than four times the legal drink drive limit. he has been given a community payback order as a direct alternative to jail.
denbighshire council welcomes decision by the Welsh government to dismiss the claim by the owners of the north Wales hospital. a spokesman for Freemont (Denbigh) Ltd, which will have to pay the bill, said it was disappointed. the council is hoping it can purchase the
footage shows policeman headbutt, slap and kick the driver as they quarrel. incident reportedly arose over an issue with the parking of the lorry. police said the officer involved had shown "severe and unusual behaviour"
van gaal's side have won six out of seven games since midfielder carrick returned. the 33-year-old has been sidelined since returning from an ankle injury in november. united are third in the premier league with seven players out injured.
Equality and human rights commission calls agency's ads "appalling, unlawful and demeaning to women" campaigners say its ads are "straight out of the 1970s" another job advert asks a "sexy female driver" to drive a Porsche.
survey of more than 4,000 people found 57% classified themselves as Christian. fewer than 10% read the Bible and prayed regularly, or go to church. four in 10 people did not believe Jesus was a real person.
historians Phil Coops and Robert Webb hope to mark the centenary next year. the tragedy in 1916 happened at Pte John Bagnall's home at Moss Valley. there were other people in the cottage at the time of the explosion.
the Goddard inquiry is due to hold public hearings into the allegations. the offences relating to Lord Janner are alleged to have taken place between 1955 and 1988. in December 2015, shortly before his death, he was ruled unfit to stand trial.
a poll shows that Mr Trump is leading the way in florida and tied with ohio governor John Kasich in Ohio ahead of crucial state primaries on Tuesday. democrat candidate Bernie Sanders called Mr Trump a "pathological liar" after he said he had
study compared vocabulary test scores and reading habits of 9,400 people born in 1970. university of london's institute of education analysed data at the ages of 10, 16 and 42. readers of broadsheets made more progress in vocabulary than non-readers of newspapers.
the 28-year-old captained the iron to the play-off semi-final this season. he joined from grays in 2010 and leaves following the departure of iron manager Danny cowley to Lincoln.
#DogsAtPollStations has been trending on social media for a week. #dogsatpollstations has been a popular trend on twitter and facebook. 'what do you mean I can't vote?' asks one golden retriever in
the meeting will focus on how leaving the EU could affect law enforcement and criminal justice in Scotland. it will also look at the possible implications for civil and family law, and commercial issues. the meeting is due to take place in Edinburgh on 24 November.
planes have taken food, water and medical supplies to one of the worst-hit islands. charities say much more aid will be needed in the weeks to come. people are still in desperate need of shelter and water.
the woman was found with serious injuries on a pavement in hamelin, in lower Saxony. police say she had been dragged by the neck through several streets. both the victim and the suspect are german citizens of Kurdish origin.
Barnsley level on points with coventry after a 2-0 win at the britannia stadium. the tykes have won just once in their last 12 matches. barnsley have won nine successive league games this season.
Dan gosling's goal was the first for the Cherries in three games. it was their first loss to the black cats in the premier league this season. defender howe says it shouldn't be down to a lack of confidence.
92 of Gandhi's last pictures have been published in an exquisitely produced cloth-bound monograph by the Delhi-based nazar foundation. the book is a collection of images by two of india's most well-known photographers, Prashant panjiar and dinesh
the incidents happened between 01:30 and 01:40 on Sunday 3 may. a 25-year-old man was detained following a CCTV appeal and will appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Friday.
Griffin place communications limited, in Llantarnam, employed up to 140 people. many staff claiming they were sacked days before. company has notified some workers that it has commenced liquidation proceedings.
subhan shafiq resigns as mayor of Milton keynes with "deep regret" he had described his friend as being of "good current character" this helped the driver, who had been convicted of four sexual assaults, get a licence. council leader says he should
dufner shoots a second successive seven-under-par round of 65. the american has a tournament record 36-hole total of 14 under par. Rickie fowler shot six under for the day to move third.
mansfield district council said "responsible" cyclists were welcome in the same place for the tour of Britain on 6 September. campaign group Cycling UK said hosting the race was illogical. the group is currently supporting six cyclists who are challenging the council over a public spaces protection
police believe suspect jaber al-bakr was planning to bomb a Berlin airport. Bild newspaper dubbed the refugee trio the "syrian heroes of Leipzig" politicians recommend them for the federal cross of merit. fellow refugees have also taken to social media to praise their compatriots
households actually grew richer during the financial crisis, says study. but pension values increased over the period, says institute for fiscal studies. households aged between 45-54 saw biggest increases in pension wealth.
the main parties failed to break the political deadlock after the inconclusive elections. the conservative Popular Party (PP) is favourite to win, but only narrowly. there is speculation that the PSOE and Podemos could form a ruling coalition.
Benteke becomes the reds' second most expensive signing of the summer. the 24-year-old signs a "long-term contract" with the club. he scored 49 goals in 101 games for former club aston villa. liverpool sold Raheem sterling to manchester
woman attacked by a man at station in Southampton just after 00:00 BST. attacker fled the scene in a vehicle and has appealed for witnesses. arrested 18-year-old held on suspicion of rape and attempted murder.
BP working towards a "financial frame" by 2017 that assumes a price of $60 a barrel. low oil prices are not all bad news for integrated oil companies. for the downstream business, a low oil price can be a veritable boon.
angry parents took to the school's facebook page to complain about the new measures. almost 10% of pupils failed to reach the academy's standards for this school year. pupils are also not allowed to have an unnatural hair colour or wear jumpers, jackets or coats indoors.
five-time world champion boxer Mary Kom is from the remote northeast state of manipur. india's thriving film industry has rarely picked on themes from the country's long-embattled north-eastern states. Bhansali has described the boxer as an "
queensferry crossing was originally hoped to open by December 2016. high winds forced work to stop on 25 days during April and may. project director David Climie said any bad weather could still make it "challenging"
the Welsh Government wants to remove the legal defence for parents who use corporal punishment to discipline children. campaigners say removing the reasonable chastisement defence would leave "ordinary parents facing jail" the plans would remove a defence for those who might argue they had not realised they had hit the child so
local communist party secretary Lin Zuluan is seen as a hero to the villagers. he's now in custody but people here want him released. the prosecutor wouldn't say how much money was allegedly involved.
the FBI director has just sought to wade out of the US election, having waded in 10 days earlier in the most astonishing fashion. why did he write the most unbelievably opaque letter? who knows how many senate races he's affected where early voting is taking place
the family-run company also makes dehumidifiers and water coolers. the production line is being officially opened by the Duke of Kent later. currently, the three million washing machines purchased annually in the uk come from overseas.
president Obama said the operation went as well as he had hoped, but Libya was now "a mess" he warned the pm the UK would have to pay its "fair share" and spend 2% of GDP on defence. number 10 said there were "many difficult challenges" in Libya.
police claimed Martin McCauley confronted them with a rifle at a hayshed in 1982. he was seriously wounded and a teenager was killed when police opened fire. it later emerged that the security services had secretly recorded what happened.
pae Jun-ho, known in the us as Kenneth bae, smuggled anti-government materials. court spokesman denied he was being used as a "political bargaining chip" with the u.s. north korea has arrested several
21-year-old scored three goals in 17 appearances last season on loan at queen of the south. he has agreed a three-year deal at rugby park after requesting a move from fir park.
Samisoni langi put leigh in front early on before ateleavea crossed over. a drop-goal in the second half before McNally raced the length of the field to score again. leigh's victory means Widnes Vikings finish bottom of the
the biopic will also feature two child actors as the younger Dame Barbara. Sam Spiro reprises the role of Babs in her 50s. the one-off 90-minute drama will be broadcast sometime next year.
three former rebels wounded after soldiers open fire in Bouaké, reports say. soldiers announced on Thursday that they had dropped their pay demands. troops forced the government into paying them about $8,000 (£6,200) each.
the so-called tampon tax is a sales tax on feminine hygiene products. advocates have decried the tax as an unfair burden on women. a bill to end nappies tax has also been vetoed by california governor.
uk economy grew by 0.7% in the second quarter of the year, with predictions it could reach 1% for the third quarter. OECD economic agency sharply increased its growth forecast for the UK economy this year to 1.5% from earlier estimate of 0.8%. speech comes ahead of the conservative party
cnn's john defterios asks how on earth david cameron got to this juncture. as the years have passed, his party has changed, he says. the eurozone financial crisis gave a fresh energy to eurosceptic MPs
Plaid promises to save 10,000 lives between 2016 and 2026 through a range of measures. it says it will create a "national network of acute and specialist hospitals" the party also wants to close the 30% income gap between Wales and the rest of the uk.
the city council said developing the Bannerdale site posed no risk to health. it said it had carried out extensive investigations into any potential risks. campaigners have raised concerns over possible health risks and increased traffic if the build goes ahead.
pig prices have been driven down from a record high in 2013. a Russian import ban led to an oversupply of the meat in Europe. farming leaders plan to meet retailers to discuss promotion of Scottish pork.
hand-knitted goods can be hard to find as luxury-branded goods become more ubiquitous. us firm CustomMade.com connects 12,000 makers with 100,000 buyers for one-offs. the site even made a quidditch set for one couple.
the gang targeted sites where Network Rail were carrying out work to upgrade signalling. they stripped the cabling and sold the copper inside. the total cost to network rail was in excess of £1m, prosecutor says.
"justin is glad to get this matter resolved and behind him," bieber's representatives say. investigators searched his home in January after the egging apparently caused serious damage. he was also ordered to pay $80,900 (£47,160) in damages and serve five days
a new documentary asks what does real inclusion mean in practice and is the system a success? a blind person says it comes down to a long list of factors: the disability itself and what impact it has on the child. the issues come down to the attitudes of teachers and all the staff and
Keiron cunningham will work alongside head coach Neil Jukes at leigh. owner Derek Beaumont has relinquished the head of rugby position. the centurions have won one and lost one of their two fixtures in the Qualifiers.
Temperton was nicknamed the invisible man because of his low profile. he traced his songwriting ability back to his father's influence. his hits included off the wall and baby be mine for michael jackson.
the wicketkeeper-batter, 26, has been a key part of the english set-up since 2006. she is England's third highest one-day international run-scorer and second only to Charlotte Edwards. last year, she became the first woman to play in australian first-
Cardiff beat Burton 1-0 in their premier league clash at the Pirelli Stadium. david Zohore scored the winner with three minutes left in the game. the bluebirds had an early effort ruled out for off-side.
jacqueline Carol Lloyd, 46, died after being struck by an out-of-service bus. Derek bebbington, 57, of Moss Nook, burscough, denied the charge. he will appear at Liverpool crown court on 10 June.
co-star Harrison Ford said he was "shocked and saddened" by the news. the heart attack happened about 15 minutes before the plane landed in los angeles. she had been on tour promoting her latest book, the princess diarist.
cameras will go live on the northbound and southbound carriages of the M74 between Hamilton and the east of Glasgow from Monday. similar measures will follow later on the M8, A8 and M73. it is hoped they will help safeguard driver and worker safety.
Moeen's 59-ball knock took them to 224-8 when rain forced an early close. England, 2-1 up, are chasing their first home series win against south africa since 1998. duanne olivier picked up three wickets for south africa in the gloom in
amputee football has been going for many years south of the border. a charity is now trying to form a Scotland-wide league for the sport. the first Scottish cup will be held in edinburgh next month.
soldiers killed on 30 April 2013 in Nahr-e-saraj district of afghanistan. inquest heard an improvised explosive device (IED) had been put in place. it was triggered using a command wire from behind a 10ft wall of
the two sides have been without a binding deal since the previous one expired in June. Wales lock Jones hopes the players can now concentrate on the new season. the 28-year-old is one of nine players tipped to become dual-contracted under the proposed new deal.
nearly 40% of gardeners get their plants, bulbs and seeds from supermarkets. £1.4bn spent on garden plants by UK consumers in 2013, according to the HTA. gardeners' world presenter believes consumers should shop around.
young woman and her diving buddy were exploring sunken cargo ship. she was rescued at 11:16 by Oban's RNLI lifeboat.
athlete denies deliberately shooting dead reeva steenkamp. says he mistook her for an intruder and shot her in the toilet of his bathroom. the 27-year-old is a double amputee and faces life imprisonment if convicted of murder.
police say they are investigating allegations of a secret price-fixing arrangement. at least six travel agencies are accused of violating competition rules. reports say the alleged collusion was aimed at artificially inflating prices.
oldham went in front in the fifth minute when marc Klok delivered a free-kick from the right to the far post. oldham held their lead until half-time, but Bradford deservedly equalised after 57 minutes when Ousmane fane dragged Cullen to
the 33-year-old won the champions league with inter Milan in 2010. he left Galatasaray at the end of last season and has signed a one-year deal. the former ajax, real madrid and inter Milan man has won league titles in four
Ricky Miller ends run of two games without a goal with penalty. James alabi equalised for the visitors on the half-hour mark. Joe healy completed the scoring nine minutes later.
save our falmouth group organised the event in response to the latest planning applications for large scale student accommodation.
speed restrictions and speed cameras will be introduced where work is taking place. work will see six-mile "missing link" completed on the M8 in north Lanarkshire. improvements to the Raith Interchange near Hamilton include realignment of the A725.
north Wales police and crime commissioner arfon Jones said a so-called "fix room" could reduce drug deaths and the spread of infection. his comments come after a similar facility was recently announced for Glasgow. similar schemes already operate in 10 other countries, including australia, germany, france,
Labour leader says a Labour government is "not going to happen" if price of power was doing a deal with the SNP. he has come under sustained pressure from the conservatives over the prospect of a labour-SNP deal. polls suggest labour is facing a heavy defeat
there were 3,511 marriages registered in 2015 compared with 3,499 in 2014. last year's total is more than a third down on the record total for Gretna. it still claims to be the "marriage capital" of Scotland and accounts for 12% of all wedding
Rebecca minnock and son disappeared from highbridge, Somerset, on 27 may. a court ruled that Ethan should live with his father Roger Williams. det insp Marie Wright told her: "you don't have to carry on hiding. there's always a solution"
councillors voted 28 to 22 in favour of another consultation on education. it follows a long dispute over the future of education in the town. the tasker milward and sir Thomas picton schools could be closed.
some people are worried hospitals are now getting too busy and overcrowded. how is this affecting children who get injured and need to go to hospital?
Erfan Ali was just six years old when he was attacked by his neighbour's Rhodesian ridgeback. the dog jumped through a broken wooden fence before attacking the boy in his family's garden. now his family has won a payout after launching civil action against large's
the 18-year-old was climbing on the 15ft (4.5m) statue when he fell. he suffered serious neck and back injuries and died in hospital.
in the last month, prices went up by 1.7%, said the Halifax. other lenders, such as the nationwide measure, put the rate of increase much lower. Halifax's housing economist said one reason was the continuing shortage of property.
flag was kept in cupboard at penllyn castle since he was a boy. expected to fetch up to £50,000 at auction. one of only three surviving from the battle.
the drugs – 0.04g of cocaine with a street value of about £3 – were found in a bag. Ahmad Zeidan, 20, claimed he was tortured into signing a confession. he denied the drugs belonged to him and said the confession document was in Arabic,
senior judges in Belfast lift an injunction on the PSNI taking possession of the recordings. detectives were present with a bag ready for the handover of the tapes. lawyers for Mr Rea confirmed their final bid to secure a block had been turned down.
weightlifter artykov tested positive for strychnine. bronze medal will be reallocated. canoeist serghei tarnovschi provisionally suspended for failing drug test.
odion Ighalo put the hosts in front from close range, only for Antonio to level with a solo effort moments later. he headed in Chris Burke's cross to leave new manager Slavisa Jokanovic with four points from his first two games. wat
"the message of peace and hope is particularly poignant this year," says first minister. about 50 refugees from Syria have been re-settled in Wales with more to come. first minister asks people to "spare a thought" for those working over christmas.
ioc president urges tour to adhere to world anti-doping agency (wada) rules. PGA tour has a doping policy but it is not as strict as wada standards. golf is returning to the Olympics for the first time since 1904 at Rio
newsbeat has been granted rare access to police's hi-tech crime unit. it's thought weak privacy settings combined with a rise in professional trolls is to blame. here are some things you can do which will make a trol's life difficult.
CCTV footage shows heavily armed police entering the building's foyer. a hostage, Katrina Dawson, was also killed in the raid by a ricocheting police bullet. the inquest into the Lindt cafe siege is entering its concluding stages.
the mod expects to receive just under £3m from the sales agreed earlier this month. HMS Cornwall has been sold to Swansea Drydocks while the other three have been bought by Turkish firm leyal. the four frigates were put up for sale in January with a
the 29-year-old forward has signed what the red devils describe as a "long-term contract" McCarthy has previously played in super league with Hull KR and warrington. he has 12 international caps and played for his country at the 2013 world cup.
the man was working at fruehauf on Houghton road. police believe he fell from a cherry picker. the company is cooperating with the investigation.
OPCW inspectors are due to complete visiting the last four of 23 weapons sites. mission was set up following outrage at a chemical weapons attack in august. more than 100,000 people have been killed in the fighting in two-and-a-half years.
one in every 2,500 babies in the UK has cystic fibrosis. genetic errors in sufferers' DNA damage the machinery that controls salt and water levels in the linings of the lungs. the result is a thick mucus that inexorably damages the lung.
four steel columns need to be installed at scarthin books, in Cromford, Derbyshire. manager David booker said building work was put off in favour of restocking. the shop has four floors and a vegetarian cafe.
some dairy farmers say they face going out of business if prices do not rise. asda has said it will begin paying 28p a litre for milk from Monday. dairy farmers currently receive about 19p for milk, well below the cost of production.
ministers redraft plans to give english MPs an effective veto on laws deemed to apply to England only. plan is for a new Commons stage to be introduced for laws passing through parliament. ministers say it will address the longstanding anomaly by which Scottish MPs can vote on
shun moth, 45, posted abuse about Mikaeel Kular on social networking site. moth pleaded guilty to conduct himself in a disorderly manner and posting grossly offensive comments on facebook. he was sentenced at Aberdeen Sheriff court on 4 December.
talks are under way between political parties amid public anger at a one-off levy. president Nicos Anastasiades said refusing the bailout would have led to the collapse of the country's banks. the 10bn-euro ($13bn; £
St Kildans harvested gannets and great auks from the cliffs of Stac an Armin. the islands' last 36 residents left the islands in the 1930s. assynt mountain rescue team made their climbs during a spell of fine autumn weather
a camera on a 30mph limit junction in Cardiff is catching an average of 71 speeding drivers a day. the gosafe partnership said 99.5% of drivers at the site met the speed limit. it said placing cameras at a location was always "a last resort"
Salman Ramadan Abedi, 22, detonated a homemade device in the foyer of Manchester arena on 22 may. no members of his family were present at court, which was sitting at Manchester town hall. court heard he died of "multiple injuries" when he det
construction company FP McCann failed to land the deal to design and build the dual carriageway between Belfast and larne. that was despite it submitting the lowest bid. the department also held to be in breach of a duty to the firm. compensation will be assessed at
ymysg y cynlluniau, fydd yn costio tua £500m, mae adeiladu arena ddigidol a chanolfan gynhadled
Ian paterson, 59, was found guilty in may at Nottingham crown court of 17 counts of wounding with intent. he was also convicted of three further wounding charges. his current sentence was "not sufficient" to reflect the seriousness of his offending.
two claimants waited nine months for their Personal Independence Payments to be paid. they brought the test case to the high court, claiming the delay was unlawful. a minister said "significant progress" had been made in processing claims.
Jeremy corbyn says there is a "disconnect" between the government's rhetoric and its actions. snp's angus Robertson says 10 times more officials investigating welfare fraud than tax evasion. opposition parties determined to "hang it around the prime minister"
police say someone opened fire from a passing car. witnesses spoke of up to a dozen shots being fired close to the main police station. the suspects fled and the area was quickly cordoned off.
education minister Peter weir said the rejection of the offer was "disappointing" the unions say salaries for teachers in NI are falling behind their counterparts in england and wales. the employers offered no rise for last year and a rise of 1% for 2016
three and four-year-olds in england will be entitled to 30 free hours of care a week. ministers say affordable childcare is at the heart of their agenda. poll of childcare providers suggests many will struggle to offer the 30 hours.
flamingos employ no active muscular effort when they're unipedal, scientists say. a passive mechanism is engaged in the one-legged position, allowing the birds to stand proud. researchers previously wondered whether the position might help reduce muscle fatigue.
pedestrian died following an incident involving a green car in the diamond area. police said an 18-year-old woman had been arrested.
RMT's 10,000 members will start voting on 11 February. proposed agreement includes a 2% pay rise in year one. three other unions are yet to decide on whether they accept the offer.
the five-day challenge is in aid of the missing people charity. it will pass through Newcastle, York, Nottingham and northampton before finishing in london. her daughter madeleine was three when she went missing from the family's holiday apartment.
Canadian officials say they are offering consular assistance. friends fear it could be at least a month before her case goes to trial. 2,000 cases for insulting the president have been opened in recent years.
both lifeboats were called out shortly before midday, with a coastguard helicopter later joining the search. coastguard conducted a search on foot of the waterfront area close to the bridge. no one was found after an extensive search of the area.
east northamptonshire council backed plans to add a further five restaurants. rushden lakes development will now boast eight restaurants in total. planners also approved proposals for an additional 154 car parking spaces.
"the decision has dealt the final blow to democracy in the country," says the organisation of american states. the charge stems from alleged electoral irregularities by three opposition lawmakers in elections in 2015. venezuela's foreign ministry accuses critics of the government of forming a
councils in England are being allowed to raise the tax by 6% over two years. but the Welsh minister says increasing the tax is not "fair" and "not an approach we're taking" the cost of providing care could double to £2.3bn by 2030, leading experts say.
victim was attacked in Gillians park in blackbird leys at 20:48 BST. remains in hospital with serious injuries to his arms. one suspect is described by police as a black man, aged about 24.
Edinburgh airport says more than 781,000 passengers passed through its doors last month. most of its growth came from international flights, which were up by 11.6%. at Glasgow airport, international passenger numbers grew by 16.1%.
"we are clearly at a delicate juncture," says second in command at the IMF. comments come after weaker-than-expected trade figures from china. the comments have ramifications for businesses that bet on china's growth story.
banks in Cyprus will remain closed at least until Thursday while they try and unravel this. a new proposal from the finance ministry has surfaced today. the proposal leaves in doubt whether it could raise the nearly 6bn euros that was a central part of the bailout deal.
theo bronkhorst and farm owner Honest ndlovu were charged with poaching offences and for not having the required hunting permit. the pair were granted bail of $1,000 each (£638) and ordered to appear in court again on 5 august. us dentist Walter Palmer
video from the day shows a tense exchange between the servicemen and people attending the ceremony. one claims they are members of an alt-right group called "Proud Boys" one woman asks: "what caused you to feel the need to bring a British flag?" one man responds
Chancellor increased his majority in Tatton, with the conservative taking a 58.6% share of the vote.
eight people killed in rare blast in town of suweida, home to Syria's Druze minority. sana blames attack on "terrorists", government's way of referring to rebels. latest round of international diplomacy fails to fix a date
the incident happened after the vehicle left the A68 in jedburgh at about 09:40. a "small number of passengers" on board had been left shaken. investigations are continuing to determine what caused the bus to leave the road.
Lidia Pascale, 26, was last seen on 19 November 2014. her body was discovered more than two weeks later in hope street, west bromwich. electrician Matthew Cherrington, 32, must serve a minimum of 19 years.
emissions in 2015 were 41% below the levels for 1990, a benchmark against which targets are set. last year saw a record reduction of 45.8% which met the annual target and exceeded a medium-term aim to reduce emissions by 42% by 2020. statistics appear to support claims that the 2020
a new exhibition at the national library of Wales, aberystwyth explores myth, legend and fact about king Arthur. curator Dr Maredudd ap Huw says there is evidence to suggest there was an Arthur in the 4th or 5th Centuries.
HS2 says engineering work will mean closing parts of some passenger lines for 133 weekends, and some freight lines for 50 weekends. it would also mean 19 weekend closures at Euston station, the group said. the document says 32 weekends will be hit between 2017 and 2022, 13 of them for
Isla Wiggin, of Fleet, died two days after the crash at Hinksey hill, Oxford. her mother's unborn son also died in the crash. 59-year-old driver admitted causing death by dangerous driving.
the row follows a BBC investigation into the work practices at the company's warehouse in Derbyshire. the Newcastle united owner was given a deadline of 21 march to respond to a letter from MP Iain Wright. he accuses MPs of "abusing parliamentary procedures"
the 49-year-old victim was airlifted to hospital with 70% burns after attack. detectives believe she was covered in petrol before being set alight.
up to eight people will be able to work in the canopy of a tree in hoxton square. the idea from the park hack community partnership aims to generate more investment in parks and open spaces. groundwork London environmental charity is delivering the project.
former pm Tony Abbott reintroduced knighthoods and damehoods in 2014. controversial decision to give prince Philip a knighthood was unpopular in australia. new prime minister Malcolm turnbull has dropped the titles. monarchist groups in australia criticised the decision.
the new england patriots beat the Indianapolis colts 24-14 to win the super bowl. quarterback tom Brady set a new record for career super bowl touchdown passes. pop star Katy Perry was the star attraction at the half-time show.
Spencer wilding was cast as the body actor for the role of vader in rogue one. the 44-year-old said it proved a tricky task after rumours of the role leaked a year ago. he said he tried out the voice of the character during
the 20-year-old came through Milan's youth academy and spent a month on loan with Leeds in 2014-15. he has also played for Serie b side como and featured nine times for ascoli.
pontio at Bangor university was due to open in September. construction firm says challenges are being met to deliver a "high quality" building. newly-laid floors have been dug up and walls and ceilings hacked apart.
the malheur national wildlife refuge is home to the sanctuary established by president theodore Roosevelt in 1908. the refuge abuts property owned by the two men whose incarceration sparked this whole protest, Dwight Hammond and his son Steven. locals say while
Rosie's helping hands has raised £350,000 for young people in and around aldridge. the charity helped to fund a pirate themed play area on the children's ward at Walsall manor hospital. "we didn't want to keep it going longer than
the man's bike was in collision with a car in the village at around noon on sunday. it happened close to the junction with the Kilkeel road and pat's road.
Fr donegan has ministered in the Ardoyne area for the last 15 years. he is due to take up new duties next week at the tobar Mhuire retreat centre in crossgar.
AB inBev raises offer for SAB to £42.15 a share, having previously bid £38 and £40. any deal between the two would create the world's biggest brewer, worth more than £180bn.
migaloo is known for his distinctive colouring and for many years was the only documented all-white humpback whale in the world. the 14m-long mammal was spotted with a companion during his venture north but now appears to be travelling solo.
scottish ministers will have £390m more in spending available to them next year. mr swingney is due to present his 2016-17 spending plans on Wednesday. schools, hospitals and the police service in Scotland would "not be sacrificed"
IT expert Peter Bo Henriksen sentenced to 18 months in jail. leaked information enabled the magazine to report royal family and celebrity stories. three other journalists given suspended sentences, while another was acquitted.
the suspension was cut following a hearing at wembley on Thursday. the 29-year-old was not punished for the incident during the game on 29 October.
former england captain james Taylor joins northants. the 27-year-old has worked with academies in addition to media work. former northants captain david sales will work with the batsmen.
Valencia coach pako ayestaran sacked after four straight league defeats. the spanish club are bottom of la liga after defeats to alaves and leganes. former manchester united midfielder Nani says players will work hard to turn things around.
Hart yet to make an appearance for city this season. the 29-year-old has been told he can leave the club if he wishes. he will be in the squad for next month's World cup qualifier with Slovakia.
AJ leitch-smith converted Byron Moore's cross to give the hosts the lead. jamal Campbell-ryce equalised just after half-time with a drilled finish. the win moves the Spireites up to 17th, five points clear of the relegation
in dollar terms, imports dropped 20.4% from a year earlier to $145.2bn. the steeper fall was due to lower commodity prices and weaker domestic demand. next week, china is due to report its third-quarter growth rate.
Rhodri Colwyn Philipps, 50, found guilty of two counts of making malicious communications. he was acquitted of a third and faces a custodial sentence. magistrate Emma arbuthnot said she had "no doubt it was menac
AA president Edmund King said the death toll was the "equivalent of three plane crashes" officials said the rise in deaths in the year ending September 2015 was not "statistically significant" about 240 deaths in 2014 involved drivers over the legal alcohol limit.
more than 60% of Scottish firms believe Brexit will have a "negative impact" on them. about 40% believe that leaving the EU could lead to a decrease in their investment and expansion plans. more than 70% of firms had done no preparation for the UK exiting the EU.
manchester united face chelsea at old trafford on saturday. blues boss jose mourinho will be keen to avoid a third defeat of the season. a fourth Old Trafford premier league draw in a row will be a popular prediction
surprise frontrunner Francois fillon says his project is "more radical" alain Juppe insists his proposals are "deep and credible" but lack "brutality"
study shows the value of early paternal involvement in babies' development. fathers were videoed playing with their three-month-old babies for three minutes. at the age of two, the babies' cognitive development was measured.
free school meals introduced a year ago for all pupils in first three years of school. there has been speculation the meals are at risk, after Chancellor George Osborne demanded cuts. the chancellor called for cuts of between 25% and 40% from unprotected budgets.
the council's waste service is facing funding pressures. £1.2m needed to be saved over the next four years. options include weekly, fortnightly and three-weekly collection.
one of the cats showed signs of having been sexually abused, experts say. owner Miriam Petrova: "we finally can say goodbye to every cat that was involved in this tragedy" Robert farmer, 26, admitted 21 felony counts of animal cruelty.
forest green rover's has become fully vegetarian. cow milk has been replaced with soya or oat milk. the move is inspired by the club's chairman, who is himself a vegan.
the 32-year-old was released by the Paisley club after making 330 appearances. van Zanten also had spells at hibs, morton and Hamilton.
novak djokovic beats tomas berdych 6-3 7-5 6-3 in quarter-final at Roland garros. serb will face unseeded 13th seed Dominic Thiem in last four. defending champion roger federer through to last
finance secretary Derek mackay gave evidence to committee backing the plan. committee formally recommended the scheme to parliament after members voted four to two in favour of it. proposals would see the average band E household pay about £2 per week more.
Dieumerci Mbokani is doubtful due to illness, but abel Hernandez could return from injury. Johann Berg Gudmundsson is out after tweaking a medial knee ligament against Lincoln. Steven defour is back in training after a hamstring injury but won't
west brom have turned down a £10m bid from Leicester for the 29-year-old. city have had two offers turned down for the northern irishman. pep guardiola said last month he was still hoping to sign another central defender.
Harold jellicoe percival served as ground crew on the famous dambusters raids. he died last month aged 99, never married or had children. funeral home put an advert in a newspaper appealing for people to attend.
the women's 4x400m team and Andrew Osagie, in the 800m, win bronze. u.s. win the title by almost two seconds in 3:24.83, while jamaica take silver. team gb finish with six medals, including
medical researcher says passengers were abandoned by train staff. he says they ran and locked themselves away in a service room. french actor Jean-Hugues Anglade says he was backed up against the metal door. the boss of the train company has said there will be an internal investigation
the tortoise, known as speed, had been in geriatric decline for some time. keepers at the zoo had used acupuncture and hydrotherapy to treat his arthritis. Speed had been brought to California in 1933 as part of a programme to preserve the endangered species
the players, who thrashed Japan 5-2 on Sunday in Vancouver, will ride an open-topped bus down a stretch of Broadway commonly known as the canyon of heroes. it's a rare honour for athletes that do not come from new york, but pressure has been building in recent days
Mass for Eoghan and Ruair­ Chada held in Ballinkillen, county carlow. their bodies were discovered in a vehicle driven by their father. the boys' father, who is charged with their murder, was remanded in custody.
Csongor Sandor, 30, was arrested after police found a photo of the attack on his phone. he admitted sexually assaulting a child under 13 at Luton crown court. Sandor also admitted three counts of making indecent images of children.
joint plans from Coleg gwent and Torfaen council will now be put to the Welsh government for approval. plans will see a new integrated post-16 centre built on land next to a supermarket.
aerial images taken by the nazis before and after the raids - on 16 and 17 may 1943. the revolutionary bombs skipped across the lakes behind the dams. eight aircraft were lost and 56 of 133 aircrew were killed or captured.
butcher Greg foston has replaced traditional hens' eggs with Cadbury's creme eggs. he has wrapped the Easter treats with sweet chilli pork meat. it is the latest in a series of peculiar products created by Mr foston.
saido berahino makes his first start since leaving aston villa. the 22-year-old striker had said he would not play under Jeremy peace again. he returned to the squad last week after a three-game absence.
russian conductor conducts mariinsky orchestra at Palmyra's roman theatre. concert is a protest against barbarism and violence exhibited by IS militants. president putin calls concert "surprising" and says world needs to rid itself of terrorism.
the live broadcast of the opera was scheduled for 15 November. the opera portrays the hijacking of the Achille lauro cruise ship in 1985. Jewish passenger Leon Klinghoffer was killed in the attack.
Killie move eight points clear of bottom side dundee united with 3-0 win over st johnstone. former blackpool and huddersfield boss now looking to make ground on Hamilton. a Kris Boyd double and a Kallum higginbotham brace
prof jacquie McGlade said the UK was shifting away from clean energy. she said the cuts in renewables subsidies and tax breaks for oil and gas sent a worrying signal to the coming UN climate summit in Paris. the UK government has promised to reset its energy policies shortly.
todai robot outperformed 80% of high-school pupils and was in top 1% for maths. but professor of computer science Stuart Russell said machines will soon be reading and understanding. Tom Gruber, the man who designed apple's voice assistant Siri, believes in altruistic robot
state media says the crash was caused by a technical fault. rebel groups say the pilot was captured by the joint operations room. more than 280,000 have been killed and millions displaced by the conflict.
Lancaster left his role with england after their exit from the 2015 world cup. reports in france suggest toulon coach Diego Dominguez's job is under threat. Lancaster is an adviser to the football association, the NFL and bc cycling.
Steve Whitmire will be replaced as the voice of Kermit, according to reports. he has worked on the muppets since 1990, after the death of creator Jim Henson. Vogel will first be heard as Kermit - the long-time love of miss piggy.
Ryan Watson was taken to Wishaw general following an incident on 11 august but later died. police have appealed to people in the local community for information. "a young man's life has been taken away needlessly," says det insp mark bell.
the transocean winner was under tow west of Lewis when it was hit by severe storms. it became detached from the tug boat overnight, before running aground. coastguard personnel have blocked access to the beach for health and safety reasons.
Jack Lloyd Kay, 20, of gosmore, was driving a Peugeot when it overturned. jack mudd, 19, who planned to go to a us university to continue his golfing career, died in the crash. Kay had already pleaded guilty to causing death by careless
Widnes lie eighth after their poor run of form. only wins since the end of march have come in the challenge cup. england assistant coach bets believes they can turn the season around.
the 23-year-old refused to be on the bench for the visit of Bournemouth on 9 April. he is now training with the club's under-21s. villa's relegation from the premier league was confirmed with last weekend's defeat at united.
police received reports that six windows had been smashed at the property in the Meadow park area shortly after 05:00 BST on sunday. at 07:00 BST they received reports the property had been set alight. in the intervening period between the two attacks the occupant of the
Labour would bring back the 50p tax on incomes above £150,000 and introduce a "mansion tax" on homes worth over £2m. but Plaid Cymru will challenge labour politicians to drop "commitment to tory cuts" housing association tenants should gain the right to buy their homes
the swan was shot through the wing with an arrow which narrowly missed its vital organs and spine. it underwent emergency surgery and was on antibiotics and painkillers until its release on 13 April. the bird along with its dead mate was discovered at wemyss estate
the council will also be responsible for the registration and regulation of youth support workers and work-based learning practitioners. they join more than 75,000 school and further education teachers and learning support staff on the national register. chief executive Hayden Llewellyn said regulating all these groups was a "world
a newspaper says 55 people are awaiting execution for "terrorist crimes" a report by al-riyadh says 52 will die soon. amnesty says it had no option but to take the reports very seriously. it believes at least 151 people have been put
Morgan-Smith was available on a free transfer after he was released by the latics. the 26-year-old has previously had spells with Stockport, Luton, Macclesfield and kidderminster.
a group of zebras escaped from a local ranch. they were captured following an unlikely police chase. a raccoon climbed a crane in Toronto.
men were trying to descend Bla Bheinn when they got into difficulty. coastguard helicopter from Stornoway in Lewis airlifted the men. they were uninjured and did not need medical treatment.
Dundee west MP Chris law was questioned by police in september. he was involved in the spirit of independence referendum campaign. the campaign saw him raise grassroots funding to travel across Scotland in a fire engine.
"there's only one party that's in a position to secure an overall majority," says Welsh secretary Stephen Crabb. Labour's Owen Smith clashed with Plaid's Leanne wood during the debate. "hell will freeze over before I vote with the tories," said
a review of research for the reading agency says reading for pleasure does more than boost educational outcomes among adults and children. it can also boost children's emotional understanding, the research adds.
the british racing drivers' club says it cannot afford to host the race after 2019. the BRDC has a break clause to end the deal after 2019 which had to be activated before this year's race this weekend. a street race in London is not feasible, says
RNLI camera looks out towards the town's pier from the lifeboat station. location is notorious for crashing waves that can sweep people out to sea. porthcawl had the second highest number of launches for Wales in 2015.
United operates a "bug bounty" scheme that rewards hackers for disclosing security flaws. the maximum reward of a million flight miles, worth dozens of trips, has been given to two people. one security expert said the scheme was a big step forward for online security.
county beat inverness 2-1 in the scottish premiership. Craig curran opened the scoring for county with a header. boyce doubled county's lead in the second half. a thumping goal from Ross draper put county 2-1 ahead.
university of Sussex team put heart monitors on horses and showed them pictures of faces to see how they reacted to different emotions. angry faces made horses' heart rates speed up quicker than the happy faces.
north Wales police said 60 arrests were made from those tests. it follows a report earlier in December which said motorists are more likely to be tested for drink driving in north Wales than anywhere else in the UK.
assault took place at north high street, musselburgh, between 19:15 and 19:40. police described the attack as "vicious" and appealed for information. the injured men are described as being white and about 35 years old.
a draw would have seen atletico climb above barcelona to the top going into winter break. skipper gabi Fernandez was sent off in the second half for two yellow cards. the visitors had two first-half chances saved by keeper Jan Oblak.
Tottenham hotspur beat aston villa 2-0 in the fourth round of the fa cup. ayoze perez and emmanuel adebayor scored for the hosts. dele alli, Harry Kane and Christian Eriksen were all
the office will shut later this year but a new "commercial trading site" will open in the city in September. staff are to be offered redeployment around the UK, a spokesman said. union unite called it a "big blow" for the finance sector in the
manchester united beat sunderland 1-0 in their premier league clash. goalkeeper David de gea suffered a knock after a collision with Nemanja vidic. united remain 15 points clear at the top of the table with eight games left.
health secretary says those "for whom the drug is clinically appropriate can access it" independent HIV expert group had already called the drug, which has got go-ahead in Scotland, "highly effective" a daily dose of the pill is suggested for people at high risk who might not have safe sex
long jumper darya klishina cleared to compete in her first Olympics despite doping allegations. the 25-year-old's eligibility was revoked by the IAAF following new information. governing body the court of arbitration for sport has overturned that decision
report shows 79% of direct spend was retained in Wales. associations built nearly 2,000 affordable homes. this was an increase of 4% on the previous year.
the launch of the 24-hour Underground service was originally scheduled for September. it has been delayed until 2016 due to a dispute over pay and conditions. unions took industrial action during the summer having called for increased pay.
20,000 tonnes of wood caught alight at the docks on 5 december. four appliances, an aerial platform, two water tankers and a pump were sent. the fire was eventually brought under control at about 17:30 GMT.
child abuse survivors have urged the government to scrap the inquiry. they want it replaced with a more powerful body. it comes after theresa may told inquiry members their panel might be disbanded.
daily politics is on BBC2 from 1200-1300 on weekdays, with an 1130 start on Wednesdays for PMQs. the Sunday Politics is on bbc1 from 1100-1215, occasionally moving for live sport and news events. who is 2015's Daily Politic
analysis of applications also shows big differences within the uk. there is a big increase in applications from ethnic minority youngsters. white teenagers are the least likely to apply, with 29% seeking places.
Ben heaton scored four tries for the visitors at Craven park. heaton then scored three unanswered scores to put Halifax 22-14 up.
Charlie Jermyn died in may, about 30 hours after he was born in his parents' toilet. inquest in Truro heard he had shown some signs of illness but was not sent to hospital. he died of sepsis on 10 may.
both children are autistic and Isaac is visually impaired by a brain tumour. he cannot hold on to a normal swing as he is too big for a baby swing. the twins' mother posted her daughter's letter on twitter, calling for people to share it. south
police are investigating events linked to the funeral and wake of peggy O'hara. unionist politicians criticised the paramilitary display at the funeral in Londonderry. but Edel Kelly said it was what her grandmother wanted.
sportscotland plans to reduce sport funding in Scotland by 20%. the government said £50,000 had been provided last year. Scottish athletics, which runs the initiative, said it was shocked by the decision.
the pact between the DUP and the ulster unionists in east Belfast has been broadly welcomed. but others on the streets of east Belfast think unionist leaders should have been co-operating. four other candidates are competing for votes in the local elections on thursday.
PC Gillian weatherley was sacked for leaking information about the 2012 argument. she was on duty at the Downing street gates on the night of the dispute. cps decided in November that criminal prosecution was not appropriate.
the former bond girl has been involved in early workshops for the musical. it is understood she would be in line to play lead role of Rita, played in the film by Sally Hawkins. producers stage entertainment said they would "very much love her to be part of the production"
england gave away a 200-run lead in the second innings, but too many dismissals were not down to the pitch. the tourists were shown the way initially by Ben Stokes and then by opening pair alastair cook and haseeb Hameed. it seems that the next three
Charles raine, 66, known as Neville, and his nephew Philip Raine, 47, were sentenced to three years in prison. the pair were last month found guilty by a jury at Teesside crown court of conspiracy to use criminal property. police investigating missing ewes organised
the EU is expected to renew sanctions in a matter of weeks. Mr Putin said there would be "no discussions" about Crimea. the peninsula was seized by Kremlin-backed forces in 2014.
five-time Olympic champion sir bradley wiggins denied any wrongdoing. details of his therapeutic use exemptions (TUEs) made public. brailsford says he is not proud of the way he dealt with the situation.
police have opened a murder inquiry into the death of culture and arts critic. dmitry tsilikin, 54, was found with multiple knife wounds on thursday evening. friends and family had been unable to contact him.
the crew of pan am flight 73 have revealed details of the 1986 hijacking. 22 people were killed and about 150 injured in the attack at Karachi airport. surviving flight attendants say they want to acknowledge the vital roles played by all on board. "the hijack is far from over for me
her Majesty's inspectorate of constabulary said some forces are "downgrading" 999 calls. report found that most of the 43 forces in england and wales were providing a good service. inspectors said there are now too few detectives and erosion
20-year-old made 17 appearances in the national league on loan at welling last term. the slovak has represented his country at youth level. rodak will go straight into Accrington's squad for their league two fixture against Cheltenham on Saturday.
the benchmark FTSE 100 share index was down 91.22 points, or 1.31%, at 6859.24. price comparison websites Moneysupermarket and Zoopla fell 9.9% and 5.32%. low-cost airline easyjet was among the top gainers, rising 0.63%
two 18-year-olds appeared briefly at the hearing in Halifax, Nova Scotia. one was charged with two counts of distribution of child pornography. the other is charged with one count each of making and distributing child sex material. mother: "she was never left alone"
bevan broke the tibia and fibula in his left leg while vaulting in November. the 18-year-old from Essex was part of the first team to claim a world championships medal. he won bronze in pommel horse at the 2015 european games in Baku
the incident occurred on the A9 north of Berriedale in caithness. several other people received minor injuries in the crash. police said inquiries into the incident were ongoing.
David Skeen, 51, was last seen going for a run in Talgarth, near Brecon. firefighters, police and more than 45 mountain rescue volunteers had been out searching for him.
Chelsea had 39 attempts on goal, while the visitors only managed one. west ham have now kept 10 premier league clean sheets this season.
violence in Syria has intensified in recent days, despite the ceasefire. at least 20 civilians were reportedly killed on Wednesday in government strikes in eastern aleppo. the upsurge in fighting comes amid reports that government forces are gearing up for a major offensive there.
yn siarad wedi i Nicola Sturgeon gadarnhau y byddai'n ceisio am ail refferendwm ar annibyniaeth i'r Alban. dy
Wales winger north, 24, is one of four lions making their first appearances of the tour. north scored two tries in the 2013 series which saw the Lions beat australia 2-1. the northampton saints player sat out the opening two matches in new zeal
fourth time in a week a device - believed to be a world war two munition - had been found in the city. roads around matilda street were sealed off at about 10:30 BST and traffic was diverted as police liaised with a military bomb disposal
we were there was written by Leicester singer Bob Wragg for 1982 world cup finals. the recording features many of the winning side including Bobby Moore. all funds from the song and video will go to charity Alzheimer's research uk.
many Bangladeshis were angered by his treatment, posting photos of themselves holding their ears in solidarity. the government said the sacking was illegal and dismissed the school board. video and photographs of the teacher's treatment soon went viral on social media.
the department of environment sent letters to a number of high profile organisations. in some cases the cuts runs to more than £200,000. it follows a cut of more than 10% to the department's own budget.
some Indian restaurants have relied on one signature dish to become legendary. the secret of the popularity of the dish is "freshness and love", says the owner. bund gosht literally translates from the Hindi as "closed meat"
the technology and administration services provider has won a government contract. its system is designed to help with the recording, planning and scheduling of staff. the Passport Office has 2,500 employees working from 37 locations across the UK.
Perry Cohen and Austin Stephanos, both 14, were last seen on Friday afternoon. their capsized boat was found on Sunday morning more than 180 miles from where they set off. former american football player Joe Namath has offered a $100,000 reward.
abigail is the first storm to be given a name by the Met office who keep track of our weather. the storm will hit northern Ireland with strong winds on Thursday afternoon, and move towards the west coast of Scotland and northern England on Friday. as if one storm was not bad enough, the
Orange order and unionist leaders unveil first part of their "graduated response" to parade ruling. court challenge to the ruling is due to be heard in the high court in Belfast on friday. a judicial review hearing is expected to take place in the court at 14:00 BST.
Bristol sport wants to replace two stands to increase capacity. the plan is an alternative to plans to build a new stadium at nearby Ashton vale. majority shareholder Steve Lansdown confirmed the club would begin work.
by-elections were a speciality of the lib dems, snatching seats in newbury, eastleigh and dunfermline west. Lib dems came fourth behind the UK Independence party and lost their deposit in corby. party morale has suffered another
Martinez was sacked on Thursday with everton 12th in the premier league. the spaniard said the summer transfer window would have been "significantly important" the 42-year-old took over at the club in 2013, finishing fifth in his first season.
Compton joins Newport on a one-year deal after leaving yeovil town. defender rigg signs a two-year contract after helping aFC Wimbledon to promotion. the 27-year-old scored four goals in 20 appearances for the Glovers last season
"wales: the road to the euros" is a special documentary on the history of Welsh football. watch it on iplayer until 8 June.
city council said rust from the locks is harming the fabric of the bridge. custom is inspired by a novel in which a couple place a bicycle lock around a lamppost and throw the key into the river. clusters of padlocks can be found near other landmarks in other
Sukhjit Singh, from Derby, was found dead in his bed while on holiday in india. his wife is facing charges of plotting the killing with childhood friend Gurpeet Singh. friends in Derby say the news came as a shock and priority was the couple's children.
22-year-old has been anointed the next Brian O'Driscoll. former Irish captain played for blackrock, leinster and uCD. made his senior Ireland debut in autumn international against canada last November.
the singer whipped through 23 songs in 90 minutes, in a blur of pyrotechnics, lasers and multiple costume changes. but, without the elaborate set pieces of her Vegas production, her shortcomings were left exposed. her vocals rarely seemed to be coming from the microphone, while her
Glenurquhart beat Lochaber 2-0 to go top of the scottish premiership. Lovat beat Kingussie 3-1 but there was no change in league position. Kilmallie beat Ballachulish 5-1 to stay second in the table.
jury rules gawker violated hogan's right to privacy, awarding him $115m. but jurors decided on the additional measure as a punishment for the company. video was posted in 2012 after hogan was secretly recorded having sex.
party activists will vote next month at the annual SDLP conference in armagh. Mr eastwood is challenging current leader alasdair McDonnell. earlier this year, Mr mallon called on Dr McDonnell to step down as leader.
in less than a year two Malaysian aircraft have been lost, with 537 people on board. 2014 was narrowly the safest year ever, with one fatal accident per 2.38 million flights. every tragedy has taught designers something new, says flightglobal's David learmount.
La Gommeuse achieves the top price of $67.5m (£45m) at sotheby's. Van gogh's atmospheric landscape, Paysage sous un ciel mouvemente, sells for $54m. the $306.7m total comfortably beat the $275m (
pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them. AI and human beings working together in so-called "centaur teams" can help identify candidate molecules in a quarter of the usual time. successful drug discovery relies on precise understanding of how a disease affects our biological
Wales were beaten 2-0 by Portugal in their opening euro 2016 qualifier. raheem sterling and luke shaw impressed for the home side. gareth bale and jordan henderson scored for the hosts.
Jane bell, from Galashiels in the Scottish Borders, got into difficulty at the Dalmeny hotel in St Annes on 14 august 2014. she was swimming in the hotel's main pool with no flotation devices when she went into the 7ft (2m) deep end. former
the incident happened in Lora village, 80km (50 miles) south of Abbottabad. witnesses say the landowner tied the boy to a donkey and beat it to make it run faster. the boy, an eight-year-old named mudassir, died of his injuries
Panthers face Fife in the second semi-final of the play-offs hosted in their home city. the weekend's action at the national ice centre starts with defending champions Coventry Blaze facing Cardiff Devils.
Cardiff and Vale university has shut the mental health wards to prevent further spread of the virus. the health board said a number of cases had been confirmed in the community, including in care homes.
real madrid confirms fifa have asked the spanish federation for documents. club director says the club is "absolutely calm" about its behaviour. the governing body handed Barcelona a transfer ban until 2016 after they breached regulations.
hibs drew 1-1 with celtic in the scottish championship on saturday. the game was commons' first appearance for the club since the summer. Celtic playmaker commons is out of contract at the end of the season.
some motorists clocked at "eye watering" speeds topping 100mph. county council has offered to install speed bumps on aston lane. STAG, which owns the monitor, sends the speeds of the vehicles to police.
EDF has struggled to find the cash for its 66.5% stake in the project. in April it pushed a final decision on the £18bn plant back to September. it has outlined plans to raise €4bn, with up to €3bn provided by the
O'Sullivan has not played in a competitive match since the world championship quarter-finals. the 39-year-old englishman has not entered next week's UK snooker championship. he also opted not to defend his title at the champion of champions in coventry
this year's six nations saw audiences increase to their highest level for 13 years. the championship is the premier annual northern hemisphere rugby union tournament. over 30m people within the uk watched some of the tournament this year.
steven gerrard scored twice as liverpool beat aFC Wimbledon 2-1 in the fa cup. the 34-year-old will leave the reds in the summer and move to the u.s. the former england captain has been linked with a move
the Treasury has agreed to make the money available over a five-year period for a proposed new Historical Investigations Unit and other bodies. but the failure of stormont politicians to reach agreement on how best to deal with the past means those institutions, and the money, are now on hold. justice minister
the catalan regional parliament has voted to start the secession process. but prime minister Mariano Rajoy has gone to the constitutional court to suspend the resolution. secession is banned under Spain's constitution and the prime minister has accused campaigners of trying to "liquidate" the nation
Wisley Property Investments is hoping to build homes, shops, a school, health centre and sports pitch on the former wisley airfield site. a decision was expected by 24 December but guildford councillor Tony rooth said more information was needed. however, greenbelt councillor Susan Parker
Foyle and Lagan Search and Rescue among 67 charities to benefit from the department of transport scheme. the grants were awarded from a funding pot of £5m being delivered across the UK over a five year period. founder of lagan search and rescue said the money was vital to the group'
family members of victims Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson were in attendance. images of the floral tributes that filled the city centre in the wake of the siege were projected. prime minister Malcolm turnbull gave an address.
details can not yet be made public about what the panel ruled Mr Gargan had done. he was found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but cleared of gross misconduct. the 48-year-old is returning to work but not yet in Avon and Somerset.
england and scotland meet in a 2018 world cup qualifier on armistice day. the two nations meet on the day when the uk remembers those who have lost their lives in war. fifa say they do not allow any nations to have any political
Venezuela's defence minister tweets a picture of soldiers around a map. he says the search continues with "optimism and faith" thirteen people, including civilians, were on board the mi-17v-5 helicopter.
the 39-year-old was last seen at her home in Tranmere on 18 October. she was discovered on land bordering poole lane and old court house lane. her family has been informed and is being supported by specialist officers.
Durham were bowled out for 256 as Somerset closed on 30-3. Durham batsmen mark stoneman and Scott Borthwick both fell cheaply.
HM Revenue and customs raided st james' park and west ham's ground in April as part of a £5m national insurance fraud investigation. managing director Lee Charnley was among several men arrested and later released without charge. the ban remains in
in April, the secretary of state published a plan for a budget to be imposed if the stormont parties could not reach a deal. the indicative figures included a 2.5% cut to education. more than 40 principals in schools in the Belfast area called the proposals "totally
ex-scunthorpe, Sheffield Wednesday and Preston player worked with blackpool manager Gary bowyer as a trainee. the 27-year-old was released by york in January after making 18 appearances.
legally, it needs at least 5% of local electors for a referendum to go ahead. if successful, a directly elected mayor would replace him. council leader said it felt "unnecessary" so soon after the elections.
police say they have arrested seven suspects in the case. one of the suspects was involved in a corruption case prosecuted by Mr Morais. the body was found after the oil drum was broken open, police say.
officers will explore whether anyone else linked to their address could have been a target. four other people, including a child, were also at the property at the time. officers said they were keeping an open mind as to a motive for the shooting.
Ellen white and Rachel yankey score as england beat japan 2-0 in group d clash. white admits scoring in a world cup is a dream come true. the 23-year-old admits she was unlucky to miss a second goal.
marchers and bands parade around the city's historic walls. it is one of the biggest parades held in northern ireland. commemorates the end of the Siege of derry in 1689.
the 23-year-old has scored 24 tries in 37 appearances for the wolves. he could make his debut for the bottom side in friday's trip to Hull.
IS has seized vast swathes of Iraq and beheaded hostages in recent months. US secretary of state John Kerry is visiting turkey, seeking more support for action. retired general will be tasked with forming an international coalition to fight IS.
the mead is based on a 16th century Welsh drink called metheglin. salmonella is one of the germs that trigger more than 500,000 cases in the uk each year.
homeowners will not face bills until at least March 2017, after MLAs ruled to defer charges. instead, the executive pays the cost of £280m a year to NI Water. decision could mean that the authorities are not complying with european rules on water quality.
Nelson Carter, 29, was awarded a posthumous Victoria cross for his bravery in the battle of the boar's head, in which he died on 30 June 1916. a memorial paving stone was unveiled in eastbourne pavilion gardens and at the war memorial in hailsham high street
"genuinely surprised and incredibly honoured" by the award. studied chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) and Gulf War Syndrome. said there may not be a distinct illness, but an illness or health effect.
the 30-year-old made 219 appearances for the club between 2006 and 2011. he left in the summer, having turned down a new contract with the club. Hollands will go into Steve Davis' squad for Saturday's league two trip to Newport.
president Juan Manuel Santos is leading his conservative rival Oscar Ivan Zuluaga. the campaign has been dominated by discussions on peace talks with the farc rebel group. more than 32 million Colombians were eligible to vote, but turnout was low in the first round.
former leader of the progressive unionist party has been director of the clinic since 2012. she will take on a new role on the clinic's northern ireland advisory board. last year, anti-abortion protester Bernadette smyth was convicted of harassing
the 29-year-old took the first game 12-10 after an impressive trick shot between his legs with the scores tied at 10-10. the 2014 us open winner edged the second and third games 11-9 and 12-10 before winning the fourth 11-5.
Hamilton's Ali Crawford missed a golden opportunity when played through by Alex D'Acol. the midfielder sliced a first-half free kick onto the roof of the net. cummins headed in a corner before Murray Davidson headed in Brian easton's cross.
Janet Muller, 21, from eastbourne, was found by fire crews in a jeep. she had been reported missing from mill view hospital in hove on thursday. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, is due to appear at guildford magistrates' court
"to win Wimbledon is a massive achievement," says world no. 3 rory mcilroy. scot misses cut at pga championship and will play in the open in june. "every week is about trying to be the best I can
Dan Leavy and Luke McGrath scored tries for leinster at the RDS. leo cullen's men are now six points clear at the top of the pro12. the visitors fought back to lead 21-17 after counter-attacking scores from Williams and sion Bennett
ministers have set out plans for an "ambitious new customs arrangement" with the EU after the UK leaves the EU. this could include a "temporary customs union" after march 2019 to prevent border problems during the process. the first minister said the UK "should commit to staying
24-hour underground service was originally scheduled for September, but was delayed. union leaders said the launch would not happen this year. but during a trip to japan Mr Johnson said: "we are going to have a Night Tube eventually"
healthcare improvement Scotland said several senior charge nurses and clinical service managers across three wards raised issues during an inspection visit. senior inspector Ian Smith said the action plan had given "assurance" he added: "we will continue to follow this up with NHS Grampian on future inspections."
UN report accuses both sides of atrocities, especially during the final stages of the war in 2009. one UN estimate is that 40,000 Tamils died in the final army offensive. cabinet spokesman says ex-president Rajapaksa and his family would not necessarily be protected
the 35-year-old threw a new european record of 17.68m to score 1100 points. it beat the previous best of 15.83 set by Ireland's Catherine O'Neill in 2001. team-mates Josie Pearson and gemma prescott finished second and third
white paper lays out 12 "principles" including migration control, free trade and "taking control of our own laws" MPs ask minister for assurances that Welsh interests would be considered. he tells them that EU countries export more to the UK than the UK exports to them.
researchers look at 1,500 samples of seven malaria drugs from seven countries in south east Asia. they say poor-quality and fake tablets are causing drug resistance and treatment failure. no large studies of drug quality have been carried out in china or india. malaria mortality rates have fallen by more than 25% globally since
18 people were taken to hospital in Tokyo after suffocating on the snack. the fire department is advising people to cut mochi into small pieces before consuming. dozens die each year in japan after choking on rice cakes.
teachers who are members of the NASUWT are staging a 24-hour stoppage. they claim their relationship with the trust running whitehaven academy has broken down. the trust said it was working to tackle known issues.
lawsuit cites the constitution's emoluments clause, which says no federal official should receive a gift or a fee from a foreign government. suit claims Mr Trump is "flagrantly violating the constitution" it is the first such lawsuit filed by government entities.
the centre in aston, Birmingham was largely paid for by a £30,000 donation from the POCA fund. last year west Midlands police spent £800,000 of POCA cash on projects. money comes from money convicted criminals have been ordered to pay back.
inspectors criticise teaching and leadership at the Phoenix Academy and lakeside academy. ofsted rating both schools inadequate in all areas. wrockwardine wood and sutherland academies, also run by the trust, put in special measures.
Kelly Mahon, 41, admitted one charge of kidnap at Shrewsbury crown court. she was remanded in custody and is likely to receive a custodial sentence. the infant was reported missing from his home on 24 February.
former hearts captain moves to ibrox despite a trial at the club. the 30-year-old's first competitive match could be against hibernian in the challenge cup. he made just 15 appearances for his former club at the end of last season.
theresa may says she enjoys "scandi dramas" like "borgen" and "a nice Agatha Christie" pm says she enjoyed watching Diana Rigg and later Joanna Lumley in the Avengers. she admits she has not seen much of former shadow chancellor
trade in live cattle between australia and china could be worth up to $A2bn a year. agriculture minister Barnaby Joyce said farmers could export cattle once china made deal official. this comes after Indonesia slashed live cattle imports from australia.
corrie Mckeague, 23, vanished after a night out in the town 11 days ago. three young people aged between 16 and 18 were seen at short Brackland. they could be "potential witnesses", the force said.
Schweinsteiger charged after elbowing west ham's Winston Reid. incident not seen by match officials but was caught on video. germany captain will miss games against Bournemouth, Norwich and Stoke.
Dinamo face CFR Cluj in postponed final on 17 may. final was scheduled to be played on Tuesday 10 may but was delayed. 13-time winners dinamo have won the title 13 times.
chinese media attack defendant bo xilai's personal character after first day of trial closed. mainland media are carrying fewer updates from the Jinan court's official microblog. over in hong kong, Beijing-backed newspapers praise the trial as a sign of the
Hodnet parish council has suggested Brian wood takes a companion with him. but Mr wood said that would affect his independence.
the sum included money spent on in-house staff, third party companies and advertising agencies. some residents said this was a "waste of money" and the States would need to "measure its effectiveness" the total cost for advertising was just over £1.1million, which includes legally required adverts.
Bryony took silver place on friday with a score of score of 56.040, just behind canada's Rosie macLennan. the 25-year-old said that she hadn't expected to win a medal at all, but her performance in the final had been
pontypridd MP resigned from shadow cabinet last month. he said he was "not part of any plot or coup against Jeremy corbyn" but the leader had rejected compromises he had suggested.
father Benedict Seed, 83, denies all the charges and will face trial in may. he is accused of striking pupils aged between 11 and 18 with a cane and a spiked golf shoe.
Malala yousafzai will unveil a commemorative plaque during a ceremony in Birmingham. the 16-year-old was attacked by Taliban gunmen on a school bus near her former home. she said she was "honoured" to be part of the opening ceremony.
acting deputy chief of Russia's prison service oversaw the dismantling of the road. police say he then sold off its 7,000 reinforced concrete slabs for personal profit. the road was "dismantled and driven away" over a period of more than a year
more than 400 people have been killed in unrest since president Pierre Nkurunziza said he would run for a third term in office last April. more than 200,000 people have fled their homes. the government of burundi earlier warned it would agree to no more than 50 police officers
Alwyn pritchard, 53, was riding his motorbike when he was struck by an Audi. the driver, 38-year-old Paul Wilson, fled the scene and was jailed for four-and-a-half years. Wilson admitted causing death by dangerous driving and other charges
a long clearance from debutant goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell eluded home defender Shaun Brisley. Brisley was stretchered off and hospitalised with a head injury after colliding with Mitchell. leyton orient manager Kevin nolan says he was disappointed with the referee
British cycling admits it has not paid "sufficient care and attention" to riders' wellbeing. Wales' barker won the women's 25km points race in hong kong. the 22-year-old won two silver medals in the madison and scratch races.
Toyota will give 40 million yen (£274, 000) to the cartivator group that operates outside Toyota city in central japan. so far crowdfunding has paid for development of the so-called skydrive car, which uses drone technology.
myrtle cothill, from south africa, has been cared for by her daughter in dorset. she had been ordered to fly home on Tuesday but the Home Office has halted proceedings. lawyer Jan doerfel said sending her home, where she had no close family, was
david cameron was answering a question in the house of commons from dup party MP. Nigel dodds said legacy funding could help relieve financial pressures on police. he also said no-one should be allowed to rewrite the history of the Troubles
32-year-old man arrested on suspicion of assault and bailed until 29 November. incident happened at queen's nightclub in Ashton-in-Makerfield. former england international taken to hospital with head injuries.
Spencer powles, 62, from Coleford, died 10 days after the incident. he suffered severe injuries to his abdomen when a telehandler lurched forward. at Gloucester crown court, the firm was also ordered to pay costs of £27,000.
the 29-year-old was on trial with championship side bolton last week. but he has signed a three-year deal in turkey instead. he joins the likes of cameroon's Samuel Eto'o at the club.
Ceredigion council plans to auction the site of former ysgol dysffryn teifi in Llandysul. proceeds from the sale of the site will be used for the new Ysgol bro Teifi school. plant y dysf
Lee Gregory could have put the Lions ahead, but shot over from close range. millwall goalkeeper Jordan archer made a fine save to deny Elliot lee. colchester remain in 23rd place, seven points adrift of safety.
"i'm frustrated to say the least, but very pleased that we've stayed in this division," says hodges. the cornish side were safe going into their final game, which they lost 4-0 at relegated Bishop's Stortford. "well done for staying
fiskens placed the car for a "short time" outside their Kensington headquarters. traffic wardens were "adamant" the 45-year-old vehicle should be given a £120 fine. Kensington and Chelsea council said it was "issued as it would in any case
in the first half of this year, there were more than 5,000 road accidents in Tanzania. boda bodas are often blamed for causing the problems on Mwanza's roads. trainee doctor marko Hingi saw an opportunity to turn them into life-savers.
blue-chip index closes 0.6% higher at 7,337.8 - the 14th time it has ended higher. shares in building materials company SIG jumped 15.4% after it reported higher sales. pub group Mitchells & Butlers rose 2.9% after reporting "particularly strong" trading over
study: women as likely as men to ask for a pay rise - but less likely to get one. "no support" for the "reticent female" theory, whereby women avoided asking. study looked at 4,600 workers in australia and found differences according to age.
incident happened on 20:14 service, between Keith and Elgin, on 16 June. suspect - believed to be travelling with about seven other men - got off train at elgin. he was white, about 25, and 6ft tall, wearing a black and white
soldiers not obliged to speak to police because they are being treated as witnesses. information comes after fresh criticism of the police investigation by some bloody Sunday families. 13 civilians killed when soldiers opened fire on a civil rights march in 1972. police resumed their investigation into the killings in January
bod y ddau filwr fu farw yn aelodau o Gatrawd Brenhinol y Tanciau. Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn, Hedd
the defendants are likely to serve long jail terms because of a moratorium on executions. they shot dead bharatha lakshman premachandra and three of his supporters during local elections. the two men were both members of the then governing party.
Lawless was released by Luton Town at the end of last season. the 31-year-old made 203 appearances during a five-and-a-half-year spell at the club.
Cardiff's Techniquest was already told it could lose the government cash by 2019. the 30-year-old organisation relies on Welsh Government funding for 40% of its income. a separate charity in Wrexham is also set to lose £450,000 over the same period.
boy, 17, flung emergency door open before leaping out of plane. he was confronted by construction staff and held until police arrived to arrest him. passengers said he seemed fidgety and anxious throughout the flight.
remains of 36-year-old woman have been found in the grounds of a house in scotland. she was reported missing from her home in the wembley area of london in august 2015. five officers are now facing a misconduct investigation over the case.
the group, reported to be three men, two women and four children aged from two to 11, was held at Reyhanli, in Hatay province, near the Syrian border. their intention in travelling to the region, where areas are controlled by Islamic State (IS) militants or an al-
the 32-year-old was making his debut at the TT after recovering from a serious accident. petricola died at Sulby crossroads, becoming the 141st fatality at the races since they began in 1907. two riders were killed during last year's festival
Kent police detained the two suspects, aged 22 and 20, at dover eastern docks. they are being held under section 5 of the Terrorism act 2006.
menstruation is generally a taboo topic in india, something that is rarely talked about openly. but at the weekend, several photographs popped up on my facebook page of young Indian women holding placards with the slogan "Happy To Bleed" "a time will come when people will
inquest records accidental death verdict. coroner concludes something in the sorbet had triggered a fatal reaction. holiday company Thomson offers its "deepest sympathies" to her family.
aiden Hughes posed as a teenage boy before meeting his victim in a park. he touched the girl over her clothes and later admitted the charge against him. Belfast crown court heard Hughes had marriage problems and took to the internet to "escape the stress"
the number of people employed north of the border increased by 8,000 over the quarter to 2,611,000. the employment rate is 73.6% - below the UK average of 74.6%. in January Scotland's claimant count, including universal credit, was 76,400.
the 26-year-old winger suffered the injury in Saturday's 1-0 win at QPR. he was due to see a specialist on Wednesday to undergo surgery. the player tweeted: "gutted....!!! but I will work as hard as I can to come back fit
can you identify the genuine f1 drivers from the imposters?
woman was attacked in the seagate area, near Dundee bus station. police have issued a description of man they want to speak to. he was in his 20s, about 5ft 10in tall, of slim build, with short dark brown hair.
Esteban Chaves wins stage two of the vuelta del rey. defending champion chris froome loses four seconds to rival nairo quintana. italian was involved in a crash with around 30km of
Czech world number 233 beats 99th-ranked Kontaveit 6-4 7-6 (8-6). vondrousova moves close to the top 100 for the first time.
a 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of an accident and bailed until february. the car involved in the crash was later found abandoned.
death rates from heart disease between 2004/05 and 2013/14 dropped by 43%. the number of people dying after a stroke also decreased by 41%. treating and preventing heart disease is a national clinical priority for Scotland.
incident happened in Gerard street, Ashton-in-Makerfield in Wigan. woman, in her 70s, was critically injured and died at the scene.
Tennant and piper have long been rumoured to be making a return for the special. the show is being written by the show's executive producer and lead writer Steven Moffat. filming on the show, which will also star John Hurt, will start next week
warning sirens went off just before the rockets hit. the city's airport has been closed and security tightened. Eilat has previously been hit by rockets fired by militants in neighbouring Egypt and Jordan.
Donald Horne's 1964 book, "the lucky country," has become a cult classic. a damning and bleak assessment of australian society in the early 1960s. the book sold more than 100,000 copies in its first year, an australian record for a book of
first Gulf war brought together the largest military alliance since world war two. it was also the beginning of a "military revolution" - first time we heard of "smart bombs" and precision guided munitions. the air campaign to "soften up" the enemy took weeks
petrol bombs thrown at police and water cannon deployed. protesters also threw stones and bottles at police lines.
the 31-year-old has agreed a three-year contract with Gloucester. Hook left ospreys to join french top 14 side perpignan in 2011. the former wales international has 81 caps for his country.
actress spoke for the first time about being fat-shamed on set by one of her male co-stars. "it was one of the only actors that ever made me cry on set," she told the magazine. more and more stars are refusing to feel guilty about their appearance.
biomass electricity generation plant would use straw pellets as a raw material. protesters claim construction on contaminated land could pollute water sources. power company says emissions would be controlled and neither air nor water sources would be affected.
the 27-year-old is to marry girlfriend Kim sears in April. the couple have been together for nine-and-a-half years. he is back at number four in the world after back surgery.
filming of the third and final series of the drama has begun. it will continue shooting in Dorset, Bristol and Somerset throughout the summer. David Tennant and Olivia colman will return as DI Alex hardy and DS Ellie Miller.
captain James Anderson was in command of the ship which laid a telegraph cable under the Atlantic. his fellow doonhamers put on a banquet worthy of such a significant achievement. the menu included four kinds of soup, as many varieties of fish, a haunch of
Darren Grayson has stepped down from the east sussex healthcare trust. the trust runs the conquest hospital in st. leonards and the EDGH. campaigners have called for the resignation of the board.
works on Gdynia way near Plymouth's city centre have been in place since June. but police said they had seen an increase in the number of collisions. a new set of temporary traffic lights will be put on the junction.
putin accused of waging war in Ukraine for his own ends, according to new report. putin has denied accusations that it has sent regular troops to help rebels in eastern Ukraine. report presents evidence of volunteer soldiers who admit it was Russian generals, not separatists, who directed the main battles
"prison isn't a place for punishment anymore," says residential officer Kerry payne. "it's for somebody who's done something wrong to give them that time out to change their life," she says. some prisoners describe their life behind bars.
duddy was a key link between sworn enemies - the IRA and the british government. he hosted talks in his living-room involving a top spy and Martin McGuinness. his apprenticeship as intermediary came in days before Bloody Sunday in 1972
trading standards officers working with sniffer dogs uncovered illicit haul. cigarettes and tobacco would cost an estimated £200,00 if bought legally. it is the largest haul since it began a crackdown on illicit products last year.
sell-out event brought 75,000 people from around the world to see a spectacular fireworks and laser show bring in 2017. entertainers included Paolo nutini, The Charlatans, Fatherson and be Charlotte. events estimated to be worth more than £40m to the Scottish economy
evacuation will affect 32,000 households within a 1.5km radius of the bomb site. operation will affect schools, sports halls and an exhibition centre. it will be germany's biggest post-war evacuation for an unexploded bomb.
fossil of a long-necked, 245 million-year-old marine reptile from china revealed it was carrying an embryo. researchers had to consider whether the smaller animal might have been part of the adult's last meal. discovery pushes back evidence of reproductive biology in the archo
more than 2,000 family doctors in september 2014, excluding registrars, retainers and locums working in around 460 practices. health minister mark Drakeford said the statistics showed Welsh ministers' "commitment to invest in our NHS" but plaid Cymru highlighted
when things go well for one group of people it can often be at the expense of another group. at age 30, those born in the early 1980s have only half the wealth of those born a decade earlier. the generous occupational pensions enjoyed by older people are in significant part being paid for by younger people
the powerboat flipped over and hit a buoy in the Solent in may last year. the teenage son of the driver spent a month in an induced coma. he was saved by the "selfless" actions his father after the crash.
the inquest heard the plane crashed 20 minutes after taking off from nearby Limoges. an iPad navigation app may have prompted the pilot to make a sharp turn. french investigators said the wings probably broke off when they came under too much pressure.
uk policy in Syria hampered by "wishful thinking" says diplomat. officials underestimated the staying power of president bashar al-Assad.
a new season of BBC radio 4 has been announced on monday. it includes a series based on a cycle of 20 novels by french writer Emile Zola. miles jupp is to take over as the new host of radio 4's comedy show the news quiz.
ministerial response shows 5% of council schools have budget deficits. lib dem leader Tim farron said funding gaps had become a "national scandal" there have been growing warnings from schools about problems with funding.
the strike hit Chile in the busy run-up to the christmas holiday period. the airport ground workers' union called the strike after the government rejected their request to join the more generous Chilean military pension plan. some 3,000 luggage handlers, airport security and weather forecasters at 12 Chilean airports
the 30-year-old was last seen on board the vessel on Thursday evening. the submarine later sank and the owner was arrested and charged with manslaughter. police are still appealing for witnesses who may have seen Ms Wall.
customers who pay via direct debit often receive bills based on estimated meter readings. when an actual reading is taken, the company "back-bills" the customer for any shortfall between payments and the energy used. citizens advice says that the bills hit thousands of pounds in some cases.
council employee tells inquiry between 500 and 900 headstones were laid flat. inquiry will try to establish if there were any precautions that could have prevented tragedy. council had teamed up with the prison service to have inmates work at cemeteries.
MI6 launches its first ever cinema advert, aimed at attracting different types of candidate. a young woman of ethnically indeterminate background is shown demonstrating people skills. the aim of the advert is to wean the public off this grotesquely misleading stereotype.
group like-for-like revenues up 5%, with turnover at £9.7bn. shares in the group fell more than 2% in morning trading. ceo seb james said despite referendum result, business continued as normal.
batsman will link up again with ex-black caps team-mate Daniel vettori. vettori appointed Middlesex's Twenty20 coach on a three-year deal in december. former county captain James Franklin named full-time county captain.
baosteel is to take over its smaller competitor Wuhan Iron and Steel. the two companies are majority-owned by the state. merger will create a new company, china baowu iron and steel group.
arsenal beat aston villa 1-0 in the fa cup final at wembley on saturday. theo Walcott scored a hat-trick in the first minute of the game. but the gunners were outstanding without the ball in the second half.
millions of people became refugees as a result of the Partition of india. one woman's story tells how her family were affected. watch finding my family - partition: a newsround special on cbc.
the monitoring of paramilitary activity in northern ireland was conducted by the IMC up until 2011. talks will begin next week in a bid to resolve the current crisis. police believe that killing was in retaliation for the murder of former IRA commander Gerard Jock
if Wydad Casablanca beat ASEC mimosas of ivory coast in group a, they will qualify for the semi-finals of africa's premier club football competition. the result means that a place could be secured for Wydad and Zesco if they beat
sheeran has 16 million twitter and 5.5 million Instagram followers. has just completed a world tour of his number one album x in new zealand. recently set up his own label and signed newcomer Jamie lawson.
nine-year-old's family sought redress after he became unwell in 2007 aged six weeks. he was treated at the royal Berkshire hospital, but it came too late to prevent injury to his brain. the child, who is from berkshire but who cannot be
Sevilla become the first team to win the competition three seasons in a row. the defeat means the reds will not play any european football next season. former defender mark lawrenson criticizes the performance of left-back Alberto moreno.
officials say more than 1.4 million students are taking the tests. most of the incidents of cheating this year have been reported from Saharsa, Chhapra, Vaishali and Hajipur districts. authorities seem uninterested in taking any action against the students.
west indies dismissed for 148 in second innings of first test at bellerive oval. Darren Bravo scores 94 not out as australia take 1-0 lead in three-match series. usman khawaja could return to squad after missing last two Tests with injury.
ivermectin kills the first larval stage of the parasite - the babies of adult female worms. since 1987, it has donated more than 300 million doses to treat river blindness and elephantiasis.
Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased the cash component of their bid by 1.2bn euros. the move comes just a day after rival bidder GE sweetened its offer. GE offered to create a joint venture with the firm's nuclear and energy businesses.
36-year-old left-handed opener last appeared for his county in July 2016. he was diagnosed with a cancerous tumour and had a successful operation. carberry scored exactly 100 off 121 balls against Cardiff MCCU.
chief executive mark james said in 2012 he would not keep any damages he won. his lawyers would not say if this had been or would be given to the council. the council is not seeking to recoup the money it paid for his legal fees. it is pursuing £1
the 2-1 favourite took control at the penultimate hurdle and pulled away to win by eight lengths. Deputy Dan trailed in third, another 12 lengths further back.
David cotterill's deflected shot was the closest either side came in the first half. winger Lukas Jutkiewicz missed a good chance in the second half for the hosts. new signing Isaac Vassell failed to break the deadlock on his debut
man-of-the-match Jamie Vardy scores winner as england lose at wembley. the 29-year-old has been portrayed as both an ideal starter and the perfect impact substitute as Roy Hodgson makes plans for Euro 2016. vincent kompan
the iron have lost three of their last six league games, but are still second in league one. home defeat by Shrewsbury on 11 february ended a run of 26 league games without losing. the iron were top of the table when they last won, against portvale on 28 janvier
angelo fusco has been a keen observer of italy's games against the republic of ireland and northern Ireland for decades. the 81-year-old was brought up in Belfast and educated in Dublin, and his father had strong links with the Comino Valley
a southbound Volkswagen crafter van collided with a Peugeot partner van. a 58-year-old male passenger in the Peugeot is in a serious but stable condition. the driver of the Volkswagen van was uninjured. both vehicles suffered extensive damage in the collision
the Confederation of African Football (Caf) are inviting new bidders for the tournament. countries wishing to host the tournament have until 30 september to express their interest. a decision on Libya's replacement will be made next year.
thousands lined the streets to cheer on the competitors. a young yorkshire resident Max describes the atmosphere on the start line.
"pride and prejudice and zombies" star lily james wants to be an action hero forever more. says she was inspired by films like "the terminator" and "angelina jolie" for the role. she hopes the film will bring the story "more
Mageean's coach tells BBC Sport NI she was informed too late about the offer of a place in the team. the county down woman has already committed to running an 800m in Sligo next week. a number of northern ireland athletes have been selected for
inverness held to a 1-1 draw at home by relegation-threatened dundee. goals from Ross Draper and Kane Hemmings seal a point for the scottish champions. scotland's f
firefighters were called to the set in the BBC's Elstree studios in hertfordshire. flames were reported in parts of a building on Albert square. the blaze was soon "contained and extinguished" by crews.
questions are being raised at the country's ability to translate congratulatory tone into awareness of disabled rights. india is not known for being friendly towards the disabled and most public places still lack basic facilities to help them in everyday life. before Girisha won his medal, Indian media was abuzz with
John Jackson worked in the criminal justice mental health team. 40% of his work internet use involved "adult pornographic material" he was dismissed following an internal disciplinary hearing in august 2013.
Chelsea manager jose mourinho is one of the most colourful characters in the game. he won the premier league twice, the FA Cup, the league cup twice and the community shield. on being sacked: "if the club decide to sack me because of bad results that's
a 25-year-old man was stabbed in a laneway in the Marian estate in Kilkee. Robbie Walsh, of island view, Kilrush, has been charged with assault causing serious harm. two other men arrested over the killing were released without charge.
28-year-old footballer's contract terminated hours after he was dropped for Saturday's premier league match against manchester united. sportswear firm adidas has cancelled its contract with the midfielder. he will stand trial on Friday on two further counts of sexual activity with a child
Robert gray, 60, submitted a string of false VAT returns to hmrc. the returns triggered VAT repayments he was not entitled to. gray was caught following an investigation by HMRC.
voters were turned away from all 155 polling stations in the borough. their names were missing from the poll list. an independent investigation has been launched.
Lara Clarke, from brownhills, has made near-life-sized cakes of Hollywood stars. her latest creation was baked to celebrate the Defender model. the half-scale replica weighed 600kg and featured working headlights.
the Lib dem site was called "May & Co" - the same name as a 1920s estate agent. the party said it was "an innocent mistake" and the site had been changed. a party spokesman blamed an "over-enthusiastic volunteer" who
club president Josep Maria bartomeu says there was a "mistake... in tax planning" barcelona made a voluntary tax payment of €13.5m in 2014 after tax fraud charge. barca deny any wrongdoing.
president Obama has held a meeting with three of his cabinet to discuss how the law might change. Noah pozner and Jack pinto, both aged six, were buried on Monday. other victims' funerals will be held throughout the week.
joint report says fracking is safe if firms follow best practice and rules are enforced. report was commissioned by the government's chief scientist, sir John beddington. it follows the decision to halt the UK's most advanced project, in Lancashire, last year.
911 caller said "they were going to blow up the statue of liberty" fire department said it had been called at 12:57 local time (16:57 GMT) for the investigation of "a suspicious package" ferries postponed after officials found a "suspicious package" at liberty
the taoiseach was interviewed live from his party's conference, which is taking place in galway. on Wednesday he said: "there was a hoarseness in my voice throughout the day yesterday" he again denied any suggestions he was hungover
herd, 27, a free agent after cancelling a move to Perth glory. nouble, 25, spent last season at Chinese side tianjin quanjian.
Tottenham are having a new £400m stadium built next to their existing home white hart lane. they aim to move into their new 61,000-seat home before the 2018-19 season. Tottenham's north-London rivals arsenal hosted Champions League games at wembley in 1998-99
around 45% of antigua's thousands of coconut palms have been lost to lethal yellowing. coconut products are used in everything from food and drink to beauty treatments and traditional medicine. cash-strapped government's lack of resources has enabled it to run rampant.
industrial production rose 0.3% from February to march, but fell 0.4% in the first three months of 2016 and in the last three of 2015. the biggest fall in output came from the basic iron and steel sector which saw production drop by 37.3% percent compared with a year earlier.
incident in predominantly Kurdish city of Cizre occurred on 20 January. video footage purporting to be of the immediate aftermath of the shooting shows people being loaded into ambulances amid screaming and the sound of explosions. region has suffered its worst violence in two decades since ceasefire between the Turkish government
independent money advice service delivers month-by-month tips for keeping personal finances in order. in the final instalment, Nick hill from the service says now is time to start thinking of money resolutions.
pre-inquest hearing into deaths of 21 people in pub attacks in 1974 opened on Monday. coroner said he supported the families' claim for legal aid, but had no powers to grant it. inquests into the deaths could reopen from September 2017.
84-year-old commentator richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep on thursday. he will be remembered in a private funeral attended only by his immediate family. cricket australia chairman wally Edwards described him as "the iconic voice of our summer"
personnel will assist in relocation of some staff from the us embassy in baghdad. fighters from the militant sunni group ISIS have seized a number of towns and cities. the US says it is willing to discuss with Iran what measures can halt the advance of the ISIS rebel
member of the public alerted the emergency services to the discovery. police said formal identification has yet to take place, but his family have been informed. the 18-year-old was last seen in inverness on 10 November on CCTV.
prices rose 0.8% in the month of december compared with 0.1% in November. overall in 2015 house prices rose by 4.5%, with the average price of a property at £196,999. Nationwide said growth in house prices broadly matched growth in average salaries.
sixth seed nick kyrgios beaten in straight sets by 27-year-old briton. he will next play seventh seed tomas berdych in the semi-finals. serena williams and victoria azarenka through
Christie would like to see a minimum of five home-grown players in every match squad. he believes it would make managers give young boys a chance at an earlier age. his son Ryan, now a Celtic forward, and midfielder Liam Polworth established themselves as teenagers at
fire blew out the windows of the property on lewes road. initially led to reports that there had been an explosion. the body was discovered in the upstairs of the house.
shooting occurred at a hostel attached to the private Pragati residential school. police say the alleged gunman, identified as Mahesh, was working as an office assistant. it is not clear what prompted the shooting.
the bandstand marathon was the official finale event of the London 2012 Festival. the 12-week festival was the climax of the Cultural Olympiad. an overall investment of £55m - including lottery funding - has run since 2008.
tobacco may have been the first mass comforter, writes sally kohn. machine-made cigarettes made the comfort of tobacco cheaper and more accessible than ever. smoking, always a bonding activity, became even more so as people took breaks to exchange smokes.
the six-month interim deal agreed in Geneva prompted a fall in oil prices on markets. but Israel's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned the agreement is a "historic mistake" under the deal, Iran would receive some $7bn (£4.3bn) in sanctions relief.
public audit committee heavily criticises health board's financial management. committee says NHS Highland and its largest hospital continually overspent. MSPs questioned how well informed board members were of the financial situation. NHS Highland said it had acted to address the concerns in a new report
the vehicle was dragged for several hundred metres after being struck by a train. a woman managed to escape from the car prior to the collision. none of the 34 passengers on the train were hurt.
amina Ali Nkeki, 19, was found with a baby by an army-backed vigilante group. she was one of 219 pupils abducted from a school in eastern Chibok in April 2014. they were taken by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
UEFA is to make about 1,000 extra tickets available to northern ireland fans. the IFA said it was "inundated" with calls from angry fans unable to purchase tickets. a points system had been put in place for the games to establish a priority list.
the largest ever contingent of Scots in a great britain team for an overseas Olympics. there will be 15 of the 42 sports represented by the 50-strong team in rio de janeiro. defending champions tennis star Andy Murray and rowers Heather Stanning
last week, the sister of a BBC Persian staff member was detained and held in solitary confinement at a Tehran jail. Iran accused the BBC of inciting unrest after the disputed re-election of president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2009. human rights
home office says its priority is to ensure the safety of children in the camp. unicef has appealed to the UK government to speed up the transfer of unaccompanied child refugees in Calais. the french government is set to demolish the "jungle" camp in northern france
19 Gourma elephants have been killed for their tusks in the past month. there are estimated to be just 350-500 of the group left. poaching has been linked to rebel groups in the region, who have connections to smuggling rings.
she is the regiment's colonel-in-chief and will attend the colours parade. members of the public from across the uk have been invited. the presentation of new colours will be the final formal recognition of The Royal Welsh.
"it's very wrong if she's that young and has no experience," says one commentator. another young woman has been selected to run a campaign to purge the government of corrupt officials. "i knew that I'd end up in the limelight, that there would be criticism
therapist said there was nobody with the expertise to treat serious cases. she knew about 100 inmates with major problems who were "put on a list" the trust denied the list's existence and said severe cases were treated.
Falkirk have lost their last four league games and have opened a six-point gap in second place. manager Alan Stubbs has given his players some rest during the international break. midfielder michael McGinn joins up with the Scotland squad on Friday ahead of friendlies
some police officers had relationships with women they met within protest movements. inquiry will look at whether elements of the police were out of control. there are approximately a dozen civil claims for damages before the courts.
BT and EE want Ofcom to wait until a decision is made about their plan to merge. the spectrum, formerly used by the ministry of defence, would provide 4G services. ofcom has previously cast doubt on this merger winning regulatory approval.
the PRI is set to win about 30%, with the conservative national action party on about 22%. the run-up to the polls was marked by violence with drug cartels blamed for the deaths of several candidates. protesters and parents of 43 students who disappeared last year burned election material in
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could follow former manager Jose Mourinho to old trafford. football finance expert Rob Wilson says the striker would be most marketable player since cristiano ronaldo. the 34-year-old's shirt sales alone would help cover the cost of
the hybrid ferry, named "catriona", was launched on friday morning. the ship is almost 150ft long and can take up to 150 passengers, 23 cars or two HGVs. it will use a low-carbon hybrid system that combines traditional diesel power with electric battery power
which? university's Alex Neill and the national careers service offer personalised advice. experts say resitting the year is the most likely way of increasing her grade. if she feels the quality of teaching or environment is the reason for her grades then there's no reason why she
oil prices suffered a second year of steep losses and are expected to take at least another year to clear as the international surplus continues. the oil price collapse sent global markets reeling throughout 2015. shares of US oil giants Chevron and exxon mobil were down 0.17% and 0.2
downing street said the pm would serve "every single day" of a second term. if re-elected, he would serve the full five years of another parliament. the pm has tipped theresa may, Chancellor George Osborne and mayor of lon
insecurity was a running concern in many parts of the continent in 2013. the conflict in the central african republic (CAR) is worsening. most high-profile terror incident of the year took place in Kenya.
sheikh Obeikan was an adviser to the royal cabinet. he opposed moves to relax gender segregation. officials did not give a reason for his departure.
around 4,000 of Fresh & easy's 5,000 employees are to transfer to the new business. the food chain has lost money since opening in 2007. it will cost Tesco £150m to dispose of the brand, but part of that is a loan.
Len Richards has been named as the new chief executive of Cardiff and Vale university health board. he moved from the uk to australia in November 2013. the board is forecasting a £31m deficit for the 2016-17 financial year.
Shiels joins a club that plays in the tier below the MLS in north america. the 32-year-old midfielder played for league of ireland champions dundalk last year. he is the son of derry city manager Kenny
four five seconds is a slower, acoustic guitar-driven number. it's yet to be confirmed if the song will appear on an album by any of the artists. producer Ty Dolla $ign told billboard earlier this month that the song is likely to be part of
the city was rocked by riots in April when a black man died in police custody. 155 homicides this year, a 48% increase over the same period last year. the city has seen a sharp increase in violence since Freddie Gray's death on 19
nearly 49,000 items were dispensed in England in 2016. in 2014 the figure was about 37,000, and in 2012 it was 27,000. the drug carries a warning of side-effects including depression and mood changes.
the army said their column had stashed explosives and weapons near a pipeline. last month the army freed 39 captives, mostly women and children. some of the captives said they had been seized some 30 years ago.
Kevin whyman, 39, was killed in the crash at Oulton park, cheshire. television and radio presenter Chris Evans said the crash was a "tragic accident" a minute's silence has been held at the festival site and visitors stopped to pay their respects.
drone targeted his vehicle in a remote area of south-west Pakistan. mansour assumed the leadership in July 2015, replacing Taliban founder and spiritual head Mullah Mohammad Omar. there have been conflicting reports from the Taliban.
the president will address the nation at 21:00 local time (01:00 GMT) he said he had reached a decision after reviewing war options. he could pull out all 8,400 US troops and let the Afghans get on with it.
the benchmark FTSE 100 index closed 82.91 points or 1.35% up at 6,229.01. the pound was down 0.2% against the dollar at $1.5366. a further recovery in china and a stellar performance by Japanese shares helped.
ricky burns becomes first british boxer to win three world titles at three weights. he defeats michel di rocco, who had not lost a fight since september 2007. the 34-year-old from assisi left the ring
many of those who fled described rapes, killings and other abuses by the army. military said its own investigation found the claims were "false and fabricated" crackdown began after insurgents killed nine policemen in attacks on border posts.
baroness newlove said 15% of victims had been given the opportunity to make a victim statement. every victim who reports a crime is entitled to write a statement about how the offence has affected their life. the ministry of justice said it will spend £70m helping victims this
Helen garner initially dismissed the message from Yale as a hoax. she thought to call her publisher, who informed her that the prize was real. the Windham-Campbell prize is one of world's richest literary awards.
ingeborg Rapoport (then Syllm) finished her medical studies in 1937. she wrote her doctoral thesis on diphtheria - a serious problem in germany at the time. but because of Nazi oppression she has had to wait almost eight decades before being awarded
sidwell signs two-year deal with the premier league champions. the 31-year-old was top scorer for the cottagers in 2013-14. former arsenal trainee played in all 38 of the Cottagers' top-flight fixtures.
marjory stewart, of bellshill, lanarkshire, allegedly crashed into three other vehicles during the incident in portsoy in July. she is accused of failing to keep her car under proper control. the case called at banff sheriff court and was continued
2,500 homes were repossessed in April, May and June, down from 3,000 in the previous quarter. lenders said low interest rates were keeping the numbers down but homeowners must prepare for a rate rise. more than a million householders had never experienced a rise in the base rate while own
poll was held as former labour MP stood down to run for - and win - the Welsh assembly election in the same area. in the 2015 general election, labour won the seat with 52% of the vote and the conservatives came second with 15%.
councils are being hit by cuts in central government funding. councils get income from council tax, a share of the business rates and any income they generate from services plus a grant from central government. "the funding system is chaotic," says Byron Rhodes, deputy leader of Leicestershire county council
former captain daryl Mitchell becomes 14th PCA chairman since its creation in 1967. the 33-year-old takes over from wicketkeeper mark Wallace, who retired on 10 February. Worcestershire opener Mitchell is scheduled to be in office for the next four years.
about half a dozen tours that involve zoos are being dropped from the firm's roster of 3,500 possible trips. responsible travel, based in Brighton, says keeping animals in captivity is inhumane. the firm stopped offering tours involving elephant rides about 18 months ago
the singer will perform 20 shows under the banner 'lionel richie - all the hits' tickets go on sale on friday and start at $59 (£38) the 66-year-old said the decision was made after consulting his son, miles.
a fishing hook had to be removed from a swan's tongue in the charity's operating theatre. east Sussex county council said it inspected the lakes and removed any discarded fishing equipment. wildlife rescue founder Trevor weeks said a large carp hook was embedded in the s
the quality shone through both in the players and the coaching. the most significant moment was Sonny Bill Williams' red card in the second Test. it's more than likely the world champions would have won had he not been sent off.
Kent police say paedophile hunter groups divert resources away from cases involving real children. det ch supt Tom Richards of Kent police said it also diverts resources away. the hunted one claims to have caught 57 people, leading to 27 conviction
Swansea are three points clear of the relegation zone after defeat by Bournemouth. the bottom-of-the-table side have conceded 63 goals this season. they have managed just one clean sheet in their last 14 games.
fire started at south Wales wood recycling in heol lan, coity, just before 03:30bst. firefighters from pencoed and bridgend have isolated the burning material. the cause of the fire is not yet known, but the company said the "circumstances
incidents reported at scenic spots where public conveniences are lacking or have been closed down. in Uig, where many of the complaints have been raised, the local authority-run toilets have been out of order since the beginning of the year.
Roedd Jane Marion Lord, 76 oed, wedi ceisio stopio ei char Vauxhall corsa coch, rhag rholio lawr y ffordd ger Castell Newydd
joey haddad was picked as the Devils' forward of the year in 2016-17. the 28-year-old scored 24 goals and 29 assists in 66 games last season. haddad will play in the Welsh side's upcoming champions hockey league campaign.
England declare on 490-8, a lead of 321, after losing three wickets before tea. moeen makes 84 not out to help his side take control of the match at headingley. west indies' openers survive a six-over spell to reach 5-0 at the
culture committee report concludes murdoch exhibited "wilful blindness" to what was going on at news corporation. report was split six to four with tories refusing to endorse the report and branding it "partisan" but news corp said in a statement it was "carefully reviewing" the report
Arthur and Joan Frost, from prestatyn, denbighshire, lost their daughter Julie and her husband. the couple had been fighting a brain tumour since 2013. an appeal has raised over £275,00 to help them stay in their home.
the RMT union began the 72-hour walkout on new year's eve. the action prompted warnings of widespread disruption for travellers. another strike is set for 9 January involving train drivers from both unions.
Lewis Rhys Jones gyda'r heddlu i ddweud nad mawrth 17 Ionawr. Mae'n debyg bod y ddu yn teithi
judge said the case was being deserted after a matter arose. he added that there were "good reasons" for the move. the trial had only just begun at the high court in livingston.
about 70 assistant nurses had their days shortened for the experiment. designed to measure well-being in a sector struggling to recruit enough staff. centre-right opponents filed a motion calling on gothenburg city council to wrap it up.
new docks and a new pipeline network have been built to receive the gas. the KG ethylene cracker was unable to operate at full capacity in 2008. ineos said the US ethane will be used as a supplementary feed for the plant.
the 21-year-old has had six separate loan spells with the eagles. he has made 32 league appearances for clubs including port vale, yeovil and Gillingham. the centre-back has also appeared for england at under-21 level
eleven-month-old was diagnosed with a rare form of meningococcal septicaemia. family want to raise money to help with her care and have stuck pink ribbons around the estate where she lives.
the 28-year-old has spent the past four years with Danish top-flight club AGF Aarhus. hearts head coach Robbie Neilson says he is a "great character" Scotland under-21 international Kevin McHattie is hearts' first-choice left-back
tepco aims to reduce radiation leaks in three months and to cool reactors within nine months. radiation levels in the sea near reactor 2 rose to 6,500 times the legal limit. tens of thousands of families evacuated from area around facility to return home.
Tata's remaining assets include sites at Newport, where more than 1,300 people are employed, and Rotherham, which employs 1,200. the government has promised to support any buyer of the business by taking up a 25% stake in a new business.
french government proposed senior diplomat Laurent Stefanini for the post in January. the Vatican is yet to respond to approve the choice. nomination seen as litmus test for pope Francis, who has taken a more liberal stance on homosexuality.
former Rangers midfielder Stuart McCall rates the performances of his side. former Celtic and republic of ireland goalkeeper pat Bonner also gives his verdict.
Jeremiah Regis, aged two-and-a-half, was found injured at an address in wolverhampton. court heard he was found with more than 100 injuries, including a bite to the chest. Sindyann Regis and Chevaze Mcgregor
wrongful death case has been filed by Walker's daughter Meadow, 16, alleging the carmaker took safety shortcuts. police said the Porsche was travelling at 94mph (151kph) in a 45mph zone when it hit a lamp post. the lawsuit contends the car was
the cause of the explosions in the city of Tultepec is yet not clear. the market has been burned to the ground three times in the past decade. most of the 35 people killed are so badly burned their bodies will have to be identified using DNA testing.
two separate teams in the u.s. have found success with an approach that homes in on a stable part of the flu virus. studies are now needed in humans to confirm that the method will work in man. experts say vaccination is still the best way to protect yourself against infection.
56 cases involving 97 deaths are being reviewed by coroners' service. twenty-two of the cases are more than 40 years old. families of those killed and their legal teams have been asked to inform court.
Louis Cryer was 18 and in Sri Lanka with his mother Zoe and brother Felix. they were staying in an idyllic beach village called unawatuna in galle district. it took a matter of seconds for a wall of water of about 5ft (1.52m) in
prime minister wants migrants to wait four years before they can claim tax credits. many EU countries - particularly in eastern europe - say it would be discriminatory. work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith made clear his belief that the prime minister should stick to the plan.
Ben affleck stars in the film as Batman, with Henry Cavill taking the role of superman. the film is directed by Zack Snyder and written by David S goyer and Chris Terrio. some critics noted the long duration and complex plot points.
prison's windows are putting safety of staff and prisoners at risk, report says. blocked toilets, leaking sewage and escapes are blamed. the prison is holding 380 more men than the prison service deems it suitable for.
the 35-year-old will join husband jared Kushner, who is a senior adviser to the president. she will have security clearance and access to classified information, but no official title or salary. some have criticised the decision to give her a White house position, even though she will
the Red Lion in northmoor was put up for sale last year after failing to find tenants. locals formed the Northmoor Lion Ltd, secured a loan and bought the pub in November 2013. since then, 70 people have bought company shares, raising about £300,000.
the coalition wants the social network to specify which rule a deleted post has broken. it wants the site to provide an appeal process. facebook has not yet responded to the coalition's letter.
much of the "economic" debate has been about whether we can afford £1bn. but that is a very different question from whether the Welsh economy would be stronger with it, and weaker without it. to really understand the problems we need to look at where employment in south east Wales has grown up
British under-23 time-trial champion will compete in her title-winning event and women's road race next month in herning. coach Iain Dyer says it will be the first time this group of riders has raced together as a team. Christian and lowther will
Shane long's first-half goal looked set to give the hosts victory in cork. however, de Jong's 85th-minute equaliser gave the hosts a lift. defender Shane duffy punished a spot of ball-watching from the striker.
Katie Zelem's first-minute opener for Liverpool put Chelsea 4-1 up at half-time. goals from Karen Carney, Fran Kirby, Drew Spence and eniola aluko restored lead. chelsea remain second, three points behind leaders manchester city.
police will have the right to conduct stop-and-search, detain people for up to 48 hours. they will also be able to use firearms against demonstrators carrying "injurious weapons" the government argues the measures are needed for security and protection from protests. the opposition
developers are about to refurbish the building which will affect the layout of the apartment. geoff haden, who restored the poet's birthplace, is now appealing for help. he is asking for people to show "financial and emotional support" to the tenant.
american football is growing in popularity and importance in this polyglot nation. more than three million youngsters were registered to play in 2014, compared with just 103,432 in 1974. soccer matches now have a higher average attendance than basketball and ice hockey. the game ranks third after american
Lego has relented and announced that it has changed its policy. selling as much as you can to anyone and everyone can have unintended consequences. LVMH has had its Chinese business undermined by bulk sales ferried into the country by so-called "daigou" agents
more than 70 people are also under investigation in the inquiry led by prosecutors in the southern town of Catanzaro. police said that some of those charged had links to mafia organisations. reports say that the 'Ndrangheta crime syndicate is believed to be behind some
antipsychotic drugs are primarily used to treat conditions such as schizophrenia. survey last November found nearly one in five - 18% - of dementia patients were being prescribed the drugs. the royal pharmaceutical society in Wales published its own report into the use of medicines in care homes.
tensions raised by the Belfast union flag dispute prevented any mid-term détente. the payback from downing street came with confirmation of the G8 summit. but the big prize stormont politicians still pursue, the devolution of corporation tax, was not forthcoming.
18-year-old is son of former swindon, Peterborough and darlington manager mark cooper. he signed a first professional deal last summer but is yet to make a senior appearance for Birmingham city.
a global study suggests investing heavily in computers and classroom technology does not improve pupils' performance. Highland council has a plan to give every P6 to S6 students access to a tablet computer. the proposal is also expected to help the council save money.
Tracy Kearns, 43, of Kinmel bay, has not been seen since 7 may. a 48-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with her disappearance. specialist searches were focused on land alongside Tir Prince leisure park.
inspectors report "marked increase" at HMP Risley since its last inspection in 2013. report also said new psychoactive substances (NPS) were "undermining prisoner well-being" a fifth of inmates felt conditions were "unsafe", chief inspector of prisons said.
the strikes come days after president Putin ordered the withdrawal of most Russian forces. IS militants captured the ancient city of Palmyra last may. the militants have blown up monumental temples, arches and statues.
"today is a good day in the city of Phoenix," mayor Greg Stanton says. the 2015 victim was a 61-year-old man who had dated the suspect's mother. police say they have not identified a motive but believe he acted alone.
the revolutionary guard in Tehran held a funeral for two of its men killed in action in Syria. invitation came from the us to join a push for establishing a new political process. Iranian hardliners fear the nuclear agreement may have opened the floodgates to undesirable western influences.
84% of allergic children could eat the equivalent of five peanuts a day after six months. peanuts are the most common cause of fatal allergic reactions to food. there is no treatment so the only option for patients is to avoid them completely.
the two ministers were in the commons to answer questions about their handling of an alleged plot at Birmingham schools. a letter from Mrs may to Mr Gove appeared on the home office website in the early hours of Wednesday. it fuelled the briefing war between the two senior Cabinet ministers
commercial meaderies are booming in popularity in the usa. mead is a local drink that can be made anywhere in the world. Maine meade works manufactures more than 7,500 cases a year.
tunnel closure will mean rail services between Edinburgh and Glasgow will be severely hit. work is part of a £750m upgrade to enable faster, bigger and greener electric trains to run on the line. engineers said the tunnel closure was necessary so tracks could be lowered to create space for overhead power
social worker from Nottinghamshire was one of 30 holidaymakers killed by a gunman. his wife said his legacy could bring about "peace" and "understanding" the terror attack on June 26 claimed the lives of 38 people.
discovery was made at whitehills harbour at about 13:30. police said: "inquiries into the circumstances are at an early stage."
lib dem leader says only another "stable and strong" coalition could save the country from a re-run. "everybody knows that no-one will win this election", he says, even if the two major parties fail to admit it. he warns a
Bempton Cliffs at Flamborough head has the UK's largest mainland seabird colony. RSPB said the new facilities would bring more visitors and improve access. the centre, which attracts about 76,000 people a year, has been closed since September.
french midfielder accepts a violent conduct charge from the football association. the 27-year-old apologised but was charged by the fa for the incident on saturday. his suspension will include Tuesday's EFL cup tie at Liverpool, plus league games against Leicester
the CBI has become the latest civil society group to argue that a restructure is required. independent unionist MLA John McCallister has tabled a bill in the assembly that proposes big changes. under his plans, parties would have to gain 18 or more seats to be automatically entitled to
the keep military museum in Dorchester plans to convert a bunker into an interactive experience. it also wants to create an online gallery of Dorset and Devon people who fought in the war. the museum is receiving the money from the heritage Lottery Fund.
Celtic striker scores hat-trick on return from injury in 5-2 win over St Johnstone. dembele had missed Celtic's previous two games through injury. rumours that Chelsea were considering a £40m bid for the frenchman.
Rangers take an early lead but the Edinburgh side hit back for a 3-2 victory. newly-promoted hibs are among four teams with 100% Premiership records after two matches. lennon says his side bounced back really well and deserved to win.
Operation anagram was formed by police in 2006 after tobin raped and murdered angelika kluk. it also helped convict him of the murders of dinah mcNicol and Vicky harris. police said that while the operation was being scaled
notts recover from 92-4 to reach 303-6 to lose by 10 runs, a third straight loss. root hits two sixes and 10 fours in his 93-ball first list a century. 104 from Jonathan Trott, his 21st limited-overs century,
Juhel miah was escorted off a flight from Iceland to new york on 16 february. he had flown to Iceland with a party from a local community school. the school trip continued as planned but pupils and colleagues were "shocked and distressed
two brothers deny terrorism funding offences at the old Bailey. another two men also appear at the court. all four say the money was to help Musadikur Rohaman come back to the UK.
department for social development had proposed an "affordable housing contribution" would apply to developments of five homes or more. similar schemes operate in the rest of the uk and the republic of ireland. research concluded that introducing a scheme "with a single percentage of affordable housing across
RB Leipzig beat 1899 hoffenheim 2-1 at the allianz arena on saturday. sandro Wagner was sent off for the visitors for kicking Stefan Ilsanker. second-placed Leipzig win 2-1 with a deflected strike from Marcel Sabitzer
man was making his way down south ridge of 3,000ft-high tryfan when he slipped. he was flown to the Ogwen valley mountain rescue team base after it was determined he did not need hospital treatment.
Rangers have now gone three games without a victory. it was only the fifth defeat of Rangers' league season. livingston had gone into the game with only 17 fit players.
former newmarket town player shaun whiter lost both his legs in a car crash. whiter was helping friend Joey abbs change a tyre when he was hit. the pair have joined forces to raise funds for a football family day.
vulnerable man targeted by two "despicable individuals" in east kilbride on friday. they threatened their 32-year-old victim with a knife before punching him and robbing him. police appeal for help in tracing the men.
parkin scores winner in injury time for forest green. constable had given away side a surprise lead. Strevens sent off in the second half for spitting.
winger missed matches against france and wales after injuring his hamstring. head coach Eddie Jones said he was "confident" he would feature against italy. defending champions have retained northampton saints prop Paul hill.
mignon du preez hits 116 off 99 balls to help south africa to 272-6. du Preez added 89 for the sixth wicket with chloe tryon (52) south africa slipped from 140-1 to 168-5.
more than 100 calls to over 30 flooding incidents in southend. roof of the pearl dragon restaurant collapsed under the weight of the rain. traffic delays have resulted in the flooding.
beauty pageants have been popular in the Philippines since they were brought to the country by the american colonial government in the first half of the 20th century. many of the most successful pageants go on to place well internationally. pageant organisers say there is still a long way to go
Guiseley hit the front spectacularly when Kevan Hurst swung in a corner to the edge of the box. Ebbsfleet staged a dramatic second-half turnaround in the space of three minutes. Darren McQueen beat the
relations between the old allies have become strained in recent months. the new president has voiced concerns over the newly-elected president's "war on drugs" he has previously suggested china and Russia could be possible alternate partners.
counsel general Mick Antoniw said he was "delighted" by the Supreme Court ruling. AMs could decide to hold a vote in the assembly on article 50 if they feel that the legislation affects devolution. the court ruled theresa may cannot trigger Article 50 - the
Charlie Austin's sixth-minute penalty put saints in control at the KCOM Stadium. abel Hernandez and will keane were both injured in the first-half. danny ings equalised for the hosts with a superb free-kick in the second half.
former presenter james hand "apologised profusely" to the NERC. he found the list of possible names "really funny" so decided to "throw one into the ring" there is no guarantee the ship will be given the name that tops the poll
Defoe has signed a three-year deal at st mary's. the 34-year-old scored 15 league goals last season. he spent the 2000-01 season on loan at Bournemouth from west ham.
Lord toby Harris of Haringey will review "capability, capacity and collaboration arrangements" of every london agency. he said the review was "timely" and he would report his findings in summer. the strategic review was one of his main manifesto promises.
the order was issued by field marshal Bernard law Montgomery after he witnessed the surrender of Nazi forces in northern Europe on 4 may 1945. the words in purple ink on it read: "All offensive ops will cease fire from receipt this signal" auctioneers said the note was an "historically important
culture secretary will oversee negotiations for the BBC's charter renewal. he has described the TV licence as "worse than a poll tax" but he says it is likely to survive until at least the 2020s. press regulation will be on his agenda.
Ethan McKen, 24, was at the Black sea resort of Sunny Beach, near Burgas, when he and a friend were hit by a wave. a family member said he was unable to get back to shore. travel agent Thomas cook is working with local authorities to find
"i'm so happy to add another woman's name to the list," says Jane fonda. her brother, easy Rider star Peter Fonda, says "I've never been prouder of you" "you are true film royalty, not through birth, but through your talent," says Michael Douglas
Devon and cornwall police have seen a 55% rise in reports of sexual abuse in four years. 1,326 reports of abuse were made to the force, compared with 853 in 2011. more than 380 historic allegations of rape involving a child have been reported since 2011
the 22-year-old was one of six men arrested as part of an investigation into spot-fixing. montano had been at boundary park since the summer of 2012. the former west ham trainee was suspended without pay by the latics.
a flock of 13 cloned sheep are living on a farm owned by the university of Nottingham. four of them are clones from the same adult ewe as dolly the sheep. the fate of the whole science of "age-memory" may hang on the
EU leaders will discuss the UK's reform agenda at a dinner on Thursday. the talks are likely to show the level of support and opposition to reforms. but there will be no agreement at the two-day EU Council meeting.
victory in the cold war made it the hegemon in a unipolar world. fortunes have changed with dizzying speed over the past 15 years. long wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have exacted an enormous blood price. polls regularly show that americans recognise that their
former baseball player Mike piazza and businessman Giuseppe corrado have both ended their interest in the bankrupt club. no other offers were made before monday's deadline. Parma, who were relegated from Serie A, cannot now register for Serie B.
the row was triggered by president martelly's reaction to a woman at a campaign rally. the woman complained about the failure of the government to provide electricity to her area. ministers Yves rose morquette, Victor Benoit and Mozart Clerisson announced they would step
the duo are the first duo to host the Saturday night show. they replace dermot o'leary who announced he was leaving last month. the pair previously co-hosted the spin-off show The Xtra Factor on ITV2.
gavin Roberts, 28, died of a brain injury on 15 June, four days after the collision. megan Williamson's petition calls for the speed limit to be reduced. she wants it reduced from 70 mph to 50 mph, saying "it is a very narrow road"
at its peak more than 40 firefighters tackled the blaze in albion terrace. the unit was being used to manufacture soft toys from the film minions. national rail said trains are now running normally between Sheffield and doncaster.
backpacker found lying by train track in thailand. friend of backpacker told police it was an accident. police don't believe there was foul play.
Lukas Jutkiewicz scores in the 89th minute as Cardiff draw 1-1 with Birmingham. since Warnock was appointed in October, Cardiff have surrendered nine points. the bluebirds have conceded goals after the 80th minute nine times.
guardiola says that some players are exiled from first-team training until they meet weight targets. the 29-year-old was an unused substitute for city's win over borussia Dortmund. guardiola said that the player arrived at the club "a little bit overweight"
real madrid thrash espanyol 4-0 in la liga clash at the estadio del bosque. cristiano ronaldo scores a hat-trick with a header and a deflected shot. james
president-elect akufo-addo of the new patriotic party wins election. he will be sworn in on January 7 after a one-month transition period. his main campaign promise was a "one district, one factory" policy.
the unrest began when drivers erected barricades in a protest against harassment and roadblocks by police demanding bribes. when security forced stepped in, some local residents joined the protesters and threw stones at police. some demonstrators are reported to have been
Jose mourinho is a serial winner who lives for titles and trophies. he identified what he needed last summer, and went out and got it. by the end of the season, Chelsea will have broken the record for the most days spent on top of the table.
the blast happened in a cafe in the town of Velez-Malaga during a local festival. pictures from the scene show severe damage to the cafe and debris strewn across a street. the cause of the blast "could have been a gas leak," the
Andronicos Sideras, 55, is accused of mixing horsemeat with beef. he denies one count of conspiracy to defraud.
by 2014 half of india's population will have an identity tagged to a random, unique 12-digit number. the database will accommodate more than 12 billion fingerprints, 2.4 billion iris scans and 1.2 billion photographs. once established and stored, a person's identity can easily be
spy boss Charles farr reveals 'external communications' can be intercepted without extra clearance. campaign group privacy international labelled the policy "patronising" it is the first time the UK has commented on how its legal framework allows mass interception of communications.
Evans won three out of 17 stages in his first event since returning to WRC. he and co-driver Daniel barritt finished in sixth place overall. Toyota's Jari-Matti latvala finished in second place.
Russia, Iran back plan for "de-escalation" zones in syria. delegates from rebel forces angrily rejected plan at talks in Kazakhstan. report: rebels unhappy about Iran's involvement in the deal as a guarantor.
Mooboo bubble tea attacked on social media and by campaign groups. petition to demand it pay staff properly collected more than 40,000 signatures. emails outlining the original terms were leaked to campaign organisation 38 degrees. successful interview applicants were offered 40 hours training.
Exeter chiefs secure bonus point win over wasps. tries from Waldrom, nowell and lees secure victory for visitors. Waldrom completes hat-trick before low's late try secures victory.
Angilau was the last of 17 accused gang members tried as part of a 2010 case. the case included 29 counts, including assault, conspiracy, robbery and weapons offences. judge declared a mistrial, writing in her order that members of the jury were shaken
public services minister leighton Andrews said labour needed a leader to win elections. fellow ministers Vaughan Gething and Ken Skates support Andy Burnham. first minister carwyn Jones has not named his preferred candidate.
equality and human rights commission expresses concern about hate attacks. letter calls for "accurate information and respectful debate" from politicians. it says politicians have spoken about "the need to heal the country and bring people together" letter comes after Thomas mair was jailed for life for murder
mudlarking is a new breed of treasure hunters scavenging in the river's mud. the term was originally a term for the city's poor who scraped a meagre living. these men and women show off their favourite finds, and discuss
between 2011-12 and 2015-16 the number of patients attending A&E units with psychiatric problems rose by nearly 50% to 165,000. for the under 18s alone the numbers almost doubled to nearly 22,000. some trusts said as many as a tenth of patients were attending
a motion condemned the newspaper for its "blatant lies" about the tragedy. the society of editors said the council was "stretching towards censorship" the mayor of Liverpool Joe Anderson said the newspaper would "never, ever be forgiven"
Aidan McAteer pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving. he was handed a jail sentence of nine years and four months.
competition and markets authority (cma) applied restrictions in 1989. fears two firms could have too strong a bargaining position with the council. restrictions were implemented following the 1989 merger of two local bus companies. first Bristol said it "welcomed the decision to review these undertakings"
"on Easter day hope decisively overcame fear," archbishop tells worshippers. most rev Justin welby: "fear is reasonable, a normal human reaction" "terror speaks of a world at war with itself," he says.
missiles hit the water before reaching the USS Mason, a guided-missile destroyer. incident comes eight days after an attack on an Emirati civilian ship also blamed on the Houthis. coalition says it has intercepted a ballistic missile fired by the houthis
ministers admit there were concerns that the proposals were "unclear" the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) will replace the existing disability living allowance. campaigners had warned that people deemed capable of walking more than 20 metres could receive lower payments.
more new arrivals are expected with a focus on midfield, says westley. westley saw his side end an eight-game losing streak in league two on saturday. despite the point against colchester, county remain bottom of the table.
Jed Wallace almost broke the deadlock midway through the first half of the replay. but his brilliant volley was saved by shots keeper Phil Smith. the goal came with 10 minutes remaining after a huge scramble from a corner.
the book was compiled by the fleet's senior medical officer as a ninth birthday gift to his son in 1943. the seller's father collected the signatures at the RAF base at Scampton, where Squadron 617 - better known as the Dambusters - was formed
government statistics show 8,103 cattle slaughtered in Wales as a result of bovine TB in 2015 - up more than a quarter on 2014. since the start of the Welsh Government's TB eradication programme in 2008 there has been a 37% reduction in incidents of TB
the man was arrested by appointment at a north London police station. he has been bailed to a date in mid-january 2012. police are investigating illegal hacking of voicemails of public figures.
plans for the Ysgol y Berwyn site were originally approved in 2015. a petition called for a review of proposals that would see the church own the buildings. on Tuesday, Gwynedd's cabinet agreed to consult on the school's Church status.
Mazembe beat Algeria 5-2 on aggregate to win the confederation cup final. they held their opponents to a 1-1 draw in the first leg of the final last weekend. bejaia scored a consolation goal in the 75th minute to restore the three-goal
FIDH: some people were killed simply because they did not have identity documents. a Malian army officer was quoted as denying the allegations. the UN says 7,100 civilians have fled to neighbouring states since 10 January.
22-year-old joins notts county for undisclosed fee from liverpool. it is the club's eighth signing of the transfer window. "this is a fantastic move for me and I am really enthusiastic about the new season"
GB goalkeeper George pinner made a series of saves to keep game level. mark glenghorne came closest to a winner for GB, but was denied by australia goalkeeper. the Champions Trophy in London sees six of the best teams in the world compete.
Blues build 14-3 lead with tries by Lloyd Williams and gareth anscombe. hallam amos hits back before half-time and blues earn penalty try. blues hold on to earn last-four clash with Edinburgh.
thein sein, 67, took office in march 2011, after the country's first election in 20 years. he has led a process of reform in Myanmar, ruled for decades by a military junta. under his administration the government has freed hundreds of prisoners.
the jewellery was stolen from Stanley hunt jewellers in Gainsborough. one person was arrested and is currently on police bail.
former GP hugh McGoldrick spent six days in jail after admitting falsifying drug trials. he was then brought before a medical practitioners tribunal (mtp) last month, it ruled his name would be erased from the medical register. but the MTP had not
the series is now level at 1-1 with the decider in Wellington on friday. none of the Pakistan bowlers were able to break the Guptill-williamson partnership.
built in 1814, bursledon windmill is believed to be the only working windmill in england that retains a wooden shaft. it is hoped the windmill will produce its own flour again by summer 2015. the Grade II-listed structure was rescued by Hampshire Building
community union said 250 jobs are to go, mainly at Llanwern, which employs 1,500 workers. it is the third time in six years that parts of the plant have been mothballed because of market conditions. the company said it needed to "reduce costs and focus on manufacturing
the 34-year-old finishes nine hours, 15 minutes and 54 seconds ahead of Caroline Steffen. it is her second world title of the year after winning the half ironman last month. australia's Pete Jacobs wins the men's event, beating german's Andreas Raelert
in retrospect it would have been better to challenge the intelligence used to justify the war, but stood by his decision to join the invasion.
Guthrie scored 12 goals last season as the club lost to Grimsby. the 23-year-old previously played for Accrington Stanley, southport, bath city and welling. defenders Tom eastman, 24, and Jamie harney, 20, have signed new one-year
IBF welterweight champion will fight undisputed world middleweight champion golovkin. the 34-year-old is unbeaten in 35 pro contests and has 32 early victories to his name. he is 16lb over the middleweight limit and 11lb more than golov
Stoffel vandoorne made his debut in formula one as stand-in for the injured Fernando Alonso. the belgian was 18th fastest, 0.952secs slower than team-mate Jenson Button. he was a massive 1.834secs quicker than
multiple TT winner set the fastest time of the week in the Classic event on his Yamaha superbike at 125.49mph. anglesey's Barry Lee Evans topped the Senior MGP board while home rider Michael Evans moved to the top of the Junior leaderboard.
BHS went into administration last month with a £571m pension scheme hole. the plans, "Project Thor", were put forward by the company two years ago. they were put to the Pensions Regulator for approval, but this was never granted.
forensic tests confirm bullet was fired from a military-issue weapon. bullet was found in the body of Joseph Murphy in October 2015. his family believe he was shot at a barracks after being injured.
Manchester city climb from fifth to third after a 2-1 win over Swansea city. liverpool drop one place to fifth after 2-0 defeat at lowly Hull City. manchester united remain sixth after 3-0 win at Leicester.
the 47-year-old was on a practice run for a race when the vehicle burst into flames. he sustained a fracture to the knee, a spokesperson for the grand tour said. the incident took place as he completed a hill climb in the hem
European leaders have expressed shock at the result of the referendum on the uk's membership of the european union. here, they share their reaction to the result and their views on the UK's relationship with the EU.
last month, the board of crofting's regulatory body apologised for its handling of the dispute with crofters. it also asked convener Colin Kennedy to resign but he told BBC Scotland's Sunday Politics Scotland he was staying in the post. the dispute
mafizur Rahman, 32, pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Birmingham crown court. police said his main priority was to get roof repairs done as cheaply as possible. he was working on the roof of the warehouse owned by his brothers and father.
the 83-year-old creator of thunderbirds was diagnosed 18 months ago. he said being told he was no longer able to drive "was the bitterest blow of all" he will be taking part in an Alzheimer's society walk on thursday.
parents who give up work are given NI credits while their children are under 12. if they return to work, relatives can claim the credits instead. in the year to the end of September 2016, only about 1,300 people claimed the credits.
the 1 mile (1.5km) park between alum Chine and southbourne in Bournemouth is due to open on 13 April. the??700,000 attraction will include a multi-sports arena, sporting events site and a dinghy park.
US carrier united airlines will end daily flights between Houston, texas and Nigeria's commercial capital, Lagos. it follows Spanish airline Iberia's decision to pull out in may. falling oil prices have hurt africa's biggest economy, which has contracted for the first time since 2004
Kozak signs four-year contract with aston villa. the 24-year-old finished top scorer in last season's Europa league. he has represented his country four times.
retailers must now ensure the products are covered up and no longer in public view unless a customer asks for them. shop managers and assistants who break the law could face fines of up to £5,000 and six months in prison. the move follows similar restrictions introduced for larger stores and supermarket
west brom are eighth in the premier league, despite losing their last four games. the baggies are two points off ninth place and close to securing top-flight survival. "he's got promoted straight away with a club that had been relegated the year before
north korea's latest missile flew higher, further and for longer than the one in early July. it landed in the sea off japan, about 1,000km from the launch site. the latest test comes three weeks after north's first ICBM test.
scotland face the french in their final warm-up match before the world cup. captain steve bruce's side lost 1-0 to italy in a friendly on sunday. the defeat will prove valuable if they are to avoid back-to-back defeat
australia had cancelled his visa while he was still in the us on the grounds that his presence in the country could incite violence. he has previously called for the execution of abortion doctors and said women who have abortions are murderers. his wife had presented his appeal to the high court in Melbourne
Jon Stewart's show has become an alternative way of learning about the world. dubbed "Indecision 2000" for its coverage of 2000 presidential election. in 2006, Stewart was given a gift in the form of an incident where then US vice president Dick Cheney accidentally shot and injured a companion
he was the only person nominated after the previous leader, Jamie Adams, pulled out of the contest. he left the council's cabinet and the IPPG in 2014 over disagreements.
the 25-year-old has signed a new deal with the red rose until 2019. short-format specialist buttler has scored three fastest ODI centuries. he scored a 46-ball ton against Pakistan last year.
the 123rd proms will take place in london this summer. the festival will leave London for the first time since the 1930s with a performance of handel's water music. Europe's only BAME orchestra, Chineke!, will make their prom
the SNP secured 610,454 first preference votes in last Thursday's election. but the higher turnout meant the party's share of the vote was 32.3%. the conservatives won 276 seats - 22.5% of the total.
the western part of the city, with its narrow streets, may prove a bigger challenge. leaflets warning residents of an imminent offensive have been dropped. Mosul is the last major base of IS in Iraq.
gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) could occur locally. forecasters said disruption to travel on roads and at sea was likely. affected counties are Conwy, Anglesey, Gwynedd, Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire, Cered
skins are arrays of small pressure sensors that convert tiny changes in pressure into electrical signals. the arrays are built into or under flexible rubber sheets that could be stretched into a variety of shapes. skins could be used to sheath artificial limbs or to create robots that can pick
the local authority is carrying out the review against a background of "ongoing financial challenges" councillors are being recommended to start statutory consultation on the closure of three schools. the viability and provision of the existing four roman Catholic schools in the Borders has been a "considerable challenge"
elbakhtaoui and volley from michael paton put pars in control. Craig Moore fired a late chance over for ayr united.
the man was injured by accident on "soft ground" near Okehampton in Devon. he was with his 10-year-old daughter at the time, police said.
lost for words takes aim at judges of the fictional Elysium prize. author will receive a Gloucestershire Old Spot pig, named after his novel. beats Sebastian Faulks, John Niven, Hanif Kureishi, Joseph O'Connor and Helen fielding
there will be live TV and radio coverage of all of england's group games, plus a quarter-final and a semi-final. there will also be regular TV highlights programmes throughout the tournament. all of the games at the group stage which take place on a weekday will
it is the second month in a row the state has exceeded emergency conservation regulation. governor Jerry brown imposed mandatory water restrictions four months ago. in June, the state used 27% less water than it used in the same period of 2013.
three-year-old lion escaped under electric fence after heavy rain dislodged earth. park authorities had originally considered putting the animal down. he will now join two young female lions in Addo Elephant national park.
Islamic center of Boca Raton had planned to host a polling site for the state's primary in august and the general election in November. officials rescinded the invitation, drawing sharp criticism from lawmakers who said it reinforced religious discrimination. site was moved to a nearby library
the unions have rejected a pay offer of 1% which they say represents a 13% pay cut in real terms since 2008. the employers maintain the offer is a good outcome for staff. less than 5% of the higher education workforce chose to vote in favour of strike action.
rumours include reports that a man had jumped to his death in Beijing due to the stock market slump. a journalist and several stock market officials are among those arrested, Xinhua says. the rumors are based on hearsay and his own subjective guesses
scientists say ocean acidification could increase by 170% by 2100. acidification has already caused a 30% loss of species in some ocean ecosystems. study will be presented at global climate talks in Poland next week.
Arthur Cave, 15, was found with multiple injuries on the underpass of ovingdean gap. he died later at the royal Sussex county hospital. australian singer Nick Cave, 58, is best known as lead singer of Nick Cave and the bad seeds.
u.s. central bank said it expected a "slower path" for future rate rises. it raised rates in December for the first time in nearly a decade. key consideration in this decision was the US jobs market.
stage 13 of the tour de france goes from Bourg-Saint-Andeol to la Caverne du Pont-d'Arc. a sombre atmosphere at both the start and finish lines. at least 84 people were killed in the attack in Nice on Thursday.
inquiry told Harry Clarke, 58, had been unconscious at the wheel of a bus in 2010. he told his GP he had fainted in the work canteen at first bus. but the First Bus doctor was aware this happened while he was behind the wheel. six
"your practices are not different from the nazi practices of the past," he said. about 1.4m Turks in germany can vote in a referendum on a new constitution. that would give Mr Erdogan sweeping new powers over the budget and the appointment of ministers and judges.
Guedioura is available to make his reds debut against burnley on tuesday. the 26-year-old midfielder has only started two premier league games this term. he has also made two further starts in a total of 13 appearances.
Fife, 25, won the last of his six caps at the end of the 2015 six nations. toolis ends his partnership with twin brother Ben to return to australia. backs Jack cuthbert, Otulea Katoa, Nick McLennan and jade Te Rure
IS has established a presence in Yemen since a civil war broke out there. it is opposed to the government and Shia Houthi rebels who have seized much of the country. the attacks come on the eve of the first anniversary of the coalition against the rebels.
BBC will increase its TV coverage of all 12 international events. the deal will also be covered on the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio 5 live. BBC has a separate deal for live coverage of the two UK diamond league events in Birmingham (7 June) and the anniversary games in London (24 and 25 July)
the 17 women elected make up 6% of the new cohort of 290 MPs. only 16 cleric MPs have been voted in, meaning the new parliament will include more women than religious leaders. president hassan Rouhani acknowledged the new record and said: "people chose the best
Nihar Janga, from Austin, was named co-champion with jairam hathwar, 13. the pair battled for 25 rounds in the final of the national competition. each received a $40,000 (£27,343) prize.
the 35-year-old former west ham and Derby man was approaching the end of his contract. bywater has not played for the Brewers since signing from doncaster in January. he will continue to act as cover for first-choice keeper Jon McLaughlin.
about 60% of 1,500 teachers said they had faced abuse, compared with 21% last year. nearly half (48%) said these remarks were posted by pupils, 40% said they were put up by parents. a third (33%) received remarks about their performance as a teacher.
Marcy and David Smith were woken by their son to find their house engulfed in flames. the family was able to escape, but their house is destroyed and their dog and cats did not make it. "within seconds of him getting us up, the flames were everywhere
partick thistle are looking to replace Luke Williams who left the club last week. archibald has impressed owner/chairman Lee power in leading thistles to top six. the 39-year-old is the longest-serving manager in Scotland's top flight.
the 45-year-old's Honda fireblade crashed in the opening practice session of the racing meet. the Andreas racing association said carswell sustained serious injuries in the crash. he was taken to Noble's hospital, where he later died.
Kremlin spokesman says accusations are "rehearsed in an amateurish, unprofessional way" report alleges that putin ordered the hacking of democratic party emails. incoming chief of staff says president-elect has accepted findings of the report.
the board said it did not expect him ever to return to the firm. he was ousted last year amid accusations of misuse of company funds. his lawyer says many of the statements made were false.
a minute's silence was held at the memorial in guildford. his mother, Debs malone, asked the crowd to carry his spirit "forever" a "remembrance jam" was held afterwards. organisers estimated about 200 people attended the memorial.
the first earthquake had a magnitude of 5.98 and was shallow, the usgs says. just over an hour later, another magnitude 5.6 quake hit the same area. at least 5,600 houses in the province's Zhangxian county are seriously damaged and 380 have collapsed
Burton Albion drop to 20th in the table, one point above the relegation zone. a close-range Joseph mendes finish puts the hosts ahead. the Royals will face sixth-placed Fulham in the play-off semi-finals.
homeless applications have decreased by a third in the past five years. but the charity said the statistics did not tell the full story. it said it was important that vulnerable households were supported.
hearn is trying to line up a spot for Taylor on the undercard of Mikey Garcia's clash with four-time world champion Adrien Broner on 28 July. former Olympic champion has won all five bouts since turning pro. unbeaten Belfast boxer Ryan burnett will fight
the method has already been adopted by western Cape in south africa and Milwaukee in the us. it is claimed to have reduced hospital admissions for violence by 42% in Cardiff, relative to 13 similar cities in Wales and England. more than 100 hospitals across Wales and england have since copied Cardiff.
the term "artificial intelligence" was coined 60 years ago. we're now entering the seventh decade, and just starting to see real progress. the same consumer needs that gave rise to the web refreshed and refocused the research.
20-year-old has only started one game for the canaries since joining in 2016. maddison has also spent time back on loan with the sky blues and aston villa.
germany's daniel jung wins treble at british open showjumping championships. fellow german Andreas ostholt finishes second with gemma tattersall third. uk's Zara Tindall achieves qualification mark
people like son Kevin strongly feel Taiwan is a separate country. he believes it must assert its independence or risk being swallowed up by china. the so-called sunflower movement last year occupied parliament for 24 days. it blocked the legislative approval of a controversial trade deal with china
protesters allege edir Frederico da Costa, 25, was "brutally beaten" by police. IPCC is investigating the treatment of Mr da Costa who died six days later. campaigners say the violence was not coming from them and it was a peaceful march.
human trials haven't started for the vaccine being developed by the national institutes of health. if the vaccine is found to be safe with no concerning side effects, the drug will be given to a larger number of people to test how effective it is. the final phase is giving it to large
first international anti-corruption summit aimed at exposing, punishing and drive out global corruption. political leaders, businesses, sporting organisations, and charities will meet at Lancaster house. uk prime minister david cameron says corruption is "the root of so many of the world's problems"
St Johnstone beat inverness 3-1 at st johnstone. goals from Craig, Davidson and Swanson seal victory. Gary Warren sent off for two bookable offences.
more than eight out of 10 newborns are now breastfed at least once after birth. experts say the increase is partly due to public awareness that "breast is best" but the figures do not reveal how many mums stick at it for the recommended first six months. the royal college of mid
the adaptation of leo tolstoy's novel averaged 6.3 million viewers. it was up against ITV's Endeavour and spy drama Deutschland 83 on channel 4. war and peace picked up 25% of the audience share, against 19% for Endeavour.
bale will miss one game through suspension, the visit to group D leaders Serbia on June 11. reading defender Gunter became joint-third most capped player on friday. bale has not missed a competitive international since October 2013.
ondrej petr, 27, slipped in a steep ice slope and died after one night in the open. his partner, pavlina pizova, said she spent the night with his body before finding shelter. rescuers said she was "ecstatic" to be found
former spanish colony, it was annexed by Morocco in 1975. it has been the subject of a long-running territorial dispute between Morocco and its indigenous Saharawi people, led by the Polisario Front. a 16-year-long insurgency ended with
Donnelly wins a split decision to reach the last eight of the olympic boxing competition. the 28-year-old will next face world champion Mohammed Rabii of Morocco on saturday. he finished with a badly-swollen left eye after
the incident took place at 15:00 local time (19:00 GMT) on friday. employees dislodged the child, who suffered crushing injuries to his head and brain. the boy's death has been ruled accidental.
leaders in Lombardy, Liguria and Veneto warn they cannot take in more migrants. nearly 6,000 people rescued from the sea just this weekend. more than 1,500 people have drowned while making the Mediterranean crossing this year.
ambassador to russia says his remarks were not "sufficiently precise" he said he was referring not to the start of the war but to the catastrophe in Poland. relations between the two countries have deteriorated in recent years.
the book, which upholds the right to ridicule religion, was finished two days before he was killed. it argues that the fight against racism is being replaced by a misguided struggle against "Islamophobia" it is both a defence of Charlie Hebdo's
the exercise was carried out in todmorden, hebden bridge, mytholmroyd, sowerby bridge, Elland and Brighouse. about 2,700 homes were flooded along with more than 4,400 businesses in the area in 2015.
the world's heaviest crane ship hoists the 6,000-tonne piece of concrete into place. it's part of a mega bridge called the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge. the bridge will connect three different places on the coast.
Vincent Uzomah, 50, was attacked at Dixons Kings academy in Bradford. he was stabbed once in the stomach with a knife during a science lesson. the teenager was arrested in the city centre following an extensive manhunt.
the tower blocks - our blocks project has been described as a "Domesday book" of the UK's post-war reconstruction. it will include images of towers which have been demolished over the past 30 years, as well as those which are still standing. the project is to
the 27-year-old judo star was injured in a motorbike taxi accident in vietnam. she was flown back to scotland and is in hospital in Edinburgh. a friend said she had made "outstanding progress" and was eating and drinking small amounts
David Davis rebuffs Nicola Sturgeon's calls for Holyrood to be given powers over immigration. he said: "it's hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" he insisted the Brexit arrangements would be a "united
CIA code that hides malware's origins is detailed in the latest release by the whistle-blowing site. the code could be used to create a "signature" for CIA malware, said one virus hunter. before now, the information about the CIA's hacking
pages from a 13th century text of the holy book of Islam were purchased by the council in 1951. the pages mainly show surahs (or chapters) 29 and 30, said the council.
Mitch rose put the Stags ahead just four minutes into the second half. a tight first half saw the game fail to catch alight. the Robins wasted the best chance after 22 minutes.
scotsman beats 19-year-old spaniard 2-6 6-4 7-6 (7-4) at the u.s. open. he will now face Austria's Dominic Thiem in the last four. world no. 1 novak djokovic
the drilling rig was destined for a yard in turkey to be decommissioned. it ran aground on the island of Lewis when a towline broke. councillor Angus Campbell has said it could remain longer term. he has written to the rig's owner
former hearts and sunderland keeper Gordon was playing in a 3-3 draw with swansea. the 33-year-old lost his place to summer signing Dorus de Vries in mid-August. Gordon was a half-time substitute in the win over Kilmar
Sutton opened the scoring after 13 minutes when Kevin amankwaah laid the ball back for Roarie deacon to fire in. nine minutes later they were two up when Maxime biamou headed down for Jamie Collins to volley in from 10 yards. north ferriby pulled
heavy rains caused the river Liboriana to burst its banks, triggering the landslide. much of the village of Santa Margarita, south-west of the provincial capital, was swept away. president Juan Manuel Santos declared a state of emergency and promised to
Ormsby had already agreed to join the club for the 2017 season. the 23-year-old made two appearances during a one-month loan spell in April. he scored 29 tries in 42 games for warrington, but played in only five games this year.
a selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 6 and 13 January. send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk.
£14.8bn project's 1,000-tonne boring machine has broken into the eastern end of Liverpool street crossrail station. the machine, named after the queen, has 2,460ft (750m) to bore until it reaches the end of the line. it is part of the project'
Ivor bell, 77, was a senior leader in the Provisional IRA in the 1970s. he has been charged with aiding and abetting murder and membership of the IRA.
Mike Ross and Cian Healy are available to bolster the scrum. if centre jared Payne is ruled out, his Ulster colleague Stuart McCloskey will be in contention for a first cap. the return of the leinster duo after injury will be a
IS has said that Abu-Zakariya al-Britani detonated a car bomb at an Iraqi army base in Tal Gaysum, south-west of Mosul. he is believed to have been originally known as Ronald Fiddler, who was sent to Guantan
the 29-year-old centre-back turned his left ankle during the second half of last Saturday's 4-0 win over west brom. vertonghen has played in 20 out of 21 league matches this season, forming part of a defence that has conceded just 14 goals. the argent
first and deputy first ministers highlight five key priorities to the prime minister. they highlight costs, the energy market, drawdown of EU funding and treatment of agri-food sector. "this is about how we protect the interests of the people we represent," says Martin McGuinness.
billionaire businessman has given up his role as executive deputy chairman. sources tell the BBC that the shake-up was not part of a plan to take sports direct private. there has been speculation that Mr Ashley wanted to remove sports direct from the stock market.
six mosques and around 30,000 Muslims in the city of sin city, nevada. a weary feeling here about the cycle of events; a violent attack followed by a commitment to peace. imam: "we're not mentioning it when people are being gunne
debutant Adil Rashid took five wickets to turn the match around for the tourists. jos buttler and ben stokes were sent out in the top four of the order. england finished 25 runs short of a famous victory on 74-4.
china won all four table tennis golds available at the rio olympics. ma long, jike Zhang and xu xin defeated the japanese trio 3-1. germany beat south Korea 3-1 to take the bronze medal.
the pair will also meet new australian pm Malcolm turnbull. their 12-day tour will take in 12 different towns and cities across australia and new zealand. it will be the 15th time the prince of Wales has visited australia.
analysis suggests 195 out of 402 official bathing waters are patrolled between July and September. lack of lifeguards raised as concern after deaths of seven men at camber sands in 2016. inquest concluded men may have drowned anyway if there had been lifeguard.
"gwen was a journalist's journalist and set an example for all around her," said a producer. ifill had been absent for last week's election coverage due to ongoing health issues. she had moderated two vice-presidential debates as well as a
the children's laureate is chosen by a panel of judges from the book world. it comes with a bursary of £15,000, not to mention a shiny, silver medal. jacqueline Wilson's "obsession" was to "get everyone
Bruce is favourite to replace Roberto di Matteo at aston villa. the former blues boss left the club in the summer. he won promotion to the premier league with Hull twice.
up to six shots fired at police during a third night of violence in north Belfast on Tuesday. petrol bombs and a pipe bomb were also thrown by nationalist rioters in the Ardoyne area. about 100 officers used water cannon and baton rounds during the recent
freelance sports journalist Gary Carter found with head injuries in Bethnal green. he was in the capital to report on the rugby league match between england and new zealand. James flanagan 35, of Marsden street, Kentish town, has been charged with causing griev
Lloyd spent much of the 2015-16 season with the blues. the 22-year-old made 22 league appearances for the club. Lloyd will not feature for Chester in Saturday's game at maidstone.
Lewish toshney sent off in the 75th minute for rash challenge on midfielder. Jason cummings also picked up two yellow cards apiece for the home side. hibernian extended their lead at the top of the championship to nine points.
avon's french office says only current orders will be guaranteed. it is unsure if its self-employed representatives will be able to get supplies after the end of October. angry workers in France have accused Avon of keeping them in the dark for months.
world champions Mercedes, runners-up red bull and third-placed Williams show off new designs. red bull launched in temporary camouflage livery, similar to those used by road-car manufacturers. the new FW37 bears a strong resemblance to its predecessor,
the child was taken to hospital, with the extent of his injuries not yet known. police confirmed traffic had resumed on the road after 16:00 BST.
the installation marked 100 years since the start of world war one. it included 888,246 ceramic poppies, with each representing a death in the british and colonial forces between 1914 and 1918. other locations can bid next year to host the poppies in 2017 and 2018, before
more than 30 places around the world now bear the name of Lord amherst. but in the us he has become a dubious figure because of his connection with biological warfare. students at liberal arts institution voted to remove 'Lord Jeff' as their unofficial mas
jeptoo is the first high-profile athlete in Kenya to fail a doping test. the 33-year-old says she may have been prescribed banned substances. she is the 45th Kenyan athlete to have failed a test for performance-enhancing drugs.
Peel energy and united utilities want to add a further 16 turbines at Scout moor. councillors in Rochdale are yet to rule on plans for the remaining two turbines. a joint planning application for expansion was submitted to councils in england.
apple was sued in 2014 for allegedly using a technology developed by a professor and his students in its iPhone chips without the university of Wisconsin-Madison's permission. the company was ordered to pay about $234m (£179m) when it lost the patent case.
Robert Rainey, known as archie, suffered a heart attack in one of the stands. the 62-year-old died "doing what he loved best", his family said in a statement. he is the second Northern Ireland fan to die in france this week
Harsent won the prestigious £20,000 award for his eleventh collection fire songs. it was his fifth nomination, dating back to 1998, but he had not previously won. previous TS Eliot Prize winners include Ted Hughes, seamus heaney.
the 39-year-old has not played in a competitive match since losing 13-9 to Stuart Bingham in the quarter-finals of the world championship in April. this month, he also announced he would not be defending his title at the Champion of Champions event in coventry, which
Gaby Scanlon, of Heysham, Lancashire, was served the Nitro-Jagermeister shot. she was left close to death after drinking the £3.95 shot in 2012. Oscar's wine bar in Lancaster previously admitted health and safety failings.
more human remains, including a head and hands, were discovered over a 30km-area. police are investigating whether the death is linked to a personal dispute. the man arrested remains in police custody in Bray, 20km (12 miles) south of Dublin.
the care inspectorate and healthcare improvement Scotland looked at services provided by NHS Western Isles and local authority comhairle nan eilean siar. the watchdogs said there were "weaknesses" and "crucial areas for improvement" a new report on the inspection
the 26-year-old victim had been standing at a bus stop when a car pulled up. a young man who was a passenger in the car chased him with a hammer. the car was then driven at him and hit him before two other men attacked him.
DR Congo could only draw 1-1 with their rivals in Kinshasa, having drawn the first leg of their qualifier 0-0. it put Congo Brazzaville through on the away-goals ruling. in other shocks south africa, mali and Algeria were also eliminated.
Celtic fielded a makeshift side in the 4-0 defeat to scottish champions. new signings olivier ntcham and Kundai benyu impressed. the 19-year-old joined from ipswich on a four-
a new crossing is needed as part of a £3bn project to make the road dual carriageway all the way between inverness and Perth. transport Scotland has proposed building the new bridge further east of the present crossing, which would be removed along with an embankment. the
many firms and sites produced spoof announcements and products for 1 April. other parodies included a selfie shoe, driverless pizza delivery and thought-powered search.
UKIP got more than 200,000 votes in Wales in the general election. it came second in six of the 40 Welsh seats but did not win any under the first past the post system. former tory and UKIP MP mark reckless has been given the job of developing the manifesto.
Elena Hrabovenska owns three Polish delis, one in huntingdon and two nearby in Peterborough. Elena came to the uk in 2003 from Ukraine, with £100 in her pocket. to stock that first shop, her husband would continually make the 36-hour round
Brian Buckle was convicted of child sex abuse in the 1990s. he was found guilty of 16 counts of non-recent sexual abuse against a child. the sentence recognised "long-lasting harm" to the victim.
video of girl's 15th birthday party goes viral in mexico. father Crescencio Ibarra says "everyone is cordially invited" to party. he says the idea was to invite neighbours and friends only. but he has since confirmed
Alexys brown, also known as Lexi, died at her home in weymouth, on Thursday. an investigation is under way to discover how she became trapped. it was originally hoped the appeal would raise £2,000.
the project at Ffrwd farm nature reserve, Pembrey, is part of a wider ongoing water vole strategy for south Wales. the creatures had suffered a huge decline in recent decades as a result of habitat loss, habitat fragmentation and predation by american mink.
the government announced last year that the FSS would close, with as many of its operations as possible being transferred or sold off. the government wants private enterprise, which currently makes up 40% of the market, to fill the gap left behind. some experts are concerned that an over-emphasis on
the 77-year-old entertainer has been accused of sexually assaulting more than a dozen women. his lawyers have described the accusations as "discredited" and "defamatory" he said he wanted to act "in the best interests" of the university where he
officers alerted to the find just south of porth neigwl (hell's mouth) coastguard placed a 100m (330ft) cordon around the object. the ministry of defence confirmed it was possibly some kind of ordnance.
the PETM was a dramatic warming event some 56 million years ago. the amount of CO2 going into the air at its onset was four billion tonnes a year at most. scientists have studied ocean sediments laid down during this time.
motor neurone disease (mnd) is closing down the body of a 29-year-old man. there's no cure nor an effective treatment, but Gordon refuses to give in without a fight. he's raising money for research and campaigning for better patient care
tries from jonny lomax, mark percival, Luke Thompson and Ryan Morgan seal victory. catalans take lead at half-time through theo fages, alex walmsley and louie mccarthy-scarbrook. tries
around 400 residents in east Rhyl were forced to leave their properties when severe storms breached the sea defences in 2013. third and final phase of £1.1m of improvements by denbighshire council is due to start on Tuesday. councillor admits the flooding was a
domain name firm Nominet is partnering with telecoms firm Broadway Partners to roll it out. the service will be available in two packages, one offering speeds of up to 25Mbps. better connectivity could boost tourism, which is the main industry on arran.
if someone's tax arrangements are found to be "abusive" they must pay back the tax they have avoided. shadow chancellor Ed balls pledged a "genuine deterrent" by making them liable to pay the same amount again. a tory
the rugby football union says steps have been taken to make the sport safer. ministers want to see more children taking up sport. prof pollock fears there are not enough safety checks and measures to support this. she wants an increase in the recording of injuries and better injury prevention analysis.
conservation project will repair parts of the castle added in the 20th century. castle was originally built by Henry VIII to guard the coast from invasion. during world wars one and two the castle was garrisoned guarding the solent.
two patients quit original review group in protest at watered-down report. independent expert will examine the process by which the report came to its conclusions. report concluded procedures should not be offered routinely to women with pelvic organ prolapse.
birds charity Birds of Poole Harbour brands egg theft "sickening" police and natural England have launched an investigation. natural England is urging restaurants and pubs to ask to see a valid licence.
road officers in england and wales fell by nearly 40 per cent in the five years to 2015. the number of convictions fell by almost 30 per cent. five people die on the UK's roads every day but prosecutions are few and far between.
Activists want to stop the consumption of dog meat at the festival in the southern city of Yulin. the annual festival involves the slaughter of thousands of dogs for human consumption. opponents say many dogs are either stolen or are strays rounded up for the festival.
long matched the 16-year-old Olympic record of 137kg in the snatch. he lifted 170kg with his last attempt in the clean and jerk. north Korean Om Yun-Chol won gold with 303kg.
PSV announce the signing of midfielder Memphis depay from manchester united. the 21-year-old will sign a deal until 2019 with the option of another year. he has scored 21 goals as PSV won this season's Dutch title.
Oculus and facebook made a range of announcements relating to VR today. the company is credited with breathing new life into the virtual reality industry. but today we had a reminder of just how far we are from enjoying anything that comes even close to producing a fully-immersive
the 24-year-old from runcorn became Britain's first champion in the event's 17-year history with last year's win. coxsey reversed the outcome from the last event in china by pipping Janja garnbret to gold. sport climbing is one of
Donald Skene ordered to complete 156 days of the unexpired portion of his jail term. he was also sentenced to a year's supervision following his release. court told he shouted: "i'm white but I'm one of you, brothers
a 43-year-old man was subjected to a "brutal" attack at a mill in farnworth, bolton. he died four days later in hospital. four people have been charged with murder.
three men targeted the driver as he made a delivery in Willow Grove, livingston. they hit him with a golf club in a stairwell, stole the food he was delivering and tried to steal his cash. the 32-year-old victim suffered a minor facial injury
Dr Barry Morgan said the Wales Bill, passed last week, was unjust. he added that Scotland and northern ireland were offered "better deals" he is due to retire after 14 years leading the church in Wales.
ministers say they are encouraging commercial forestry organisations to invest in woodland creation. but confor, which promotes the forestry industry, warns that at least 16,000 hectares - or 40,000 acres - of commercial forest have been lost since 2001. half of the woodland is managed by
two small eels were found in a routine fish survey on the River Tud, a tributary of the wensum in Norfolk. the environment agency said it was encouraging but did not "herald the recovery of the species as a whole" the status of the european
actor charged with culpable homicide in Mumbai for the september 2002 incident. if convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. the prosecution has alleged that Mr Khan was driving the car. witnesses have said that was not the case.
by the time David byrne was buried, Eddie Hutch had already been murdered in retaliation. a Kinahan gang-led cycle of violence has, so far, claimed at least nine lives. it is not yet clear if some other gangl
four-placed finish in 1984 tour de france was a record for a british rider. the 46- or 95-mile routes snaking through the Trossachs and Campsie Fells north of Glasgow. ride will raise money to develop young
an all-party group has called on the UK government to consider devolving some immigration control. it could involve Wales being able to set its own visas and migration quotas. the group chairman said immigrants should have to learn english or Welsh.
research company Nielsen holds the most neuro-technology patents. 1,600 such patents had been lodged in the us in 2014. rise in companies such as Thync working to connect to brain sensors.
the bung was left in place after the procedure at northampton general hospital. the hospital has apologised and said it had learned from the error. it was one of two "never events" to happen at the hospital in 2016.
pm says he will not allow migrants to leave its territory without registering. migrants mostly from Syria but also from Iraq, Pakistan and Afghanistan resisted police. one train left, but then stopped near a migrant reception centre.
president-elect has said the Trumps will move to washington "very soon, after he's finished with school" but transition spokesman Jason Miller did little to quell criticisms on social media. critics joked it was Mrs Trump's taste in interiors which had prompted
Neil McEvoy suggested a "great party political conspiracy theory" was behind matters the public accounts committee had investigated. former economy minister Edwina hart or the first minister should be called to give evidence.
the man was dismissed following disciplinary proceedings, the fire service said. Molly Wigmore, 76, died in the fire at her home in Plymouth in October last year. the first 999 call was made at 05:17 GMT but none had arrived by the time a second call was
trustees of Wykeham house school in fareham had warned its future was in doubt. a statement blamed falling numbers and said most children had found alternative schools. the school offered single sex teaching for both boys and girls, charging fees of up to £4,100 per term
a collection of artworks by the 83-year-old, from pembrokeshire, is due to go on show at the Martin Tinney Gallery in Cardiff on Wednesday. all have been crafted in her home studio during what has marked a difficult time for the artist since her husband,
security breach led to possible theft of bitcoin worth $65m (£49m) all transactions on the virtual exchange have been suspended while the issue is investigated. hack is one of the biggest thefts in bitcoin's history and is being treated as a "major deal"
british amateur golfer will tee off at augusta national for the first time on Thursday. Gregory won the British amateur championship last summer. the 22-year-old has watched hours of footage from the past four years. he is hoping to pick up some tips from 2013
periscope, a popular social media app, has been used to chronicle unsuitable content before. during the live stream the woman, who called herself oceane, said she had been raped. her death has led to a fresh debate in france about how to regulate and
Priscilla Edwards, 78, strangled with a scarf in february, the old Bailey heard. her daughter, a former midwife, was suffering from dementia at the time. Regina Edwards was convicted of stabbing one of her daughters in 1995.
the dollar climbed 1% against a basket of currencies, and against the Japanese currency it rose above 123 yen. analysts cited last Friday's us inflation figures as having triggered the rise in the dollar. shares in time Warner cable rose 5.2% to $180.01 after charter communications agreed
the number of people filing for unemployment benefits fell by 98,853, or 2.1%, compared with the previous month. despite the fall, the unemployment rate in spain is still the highest in the eurozone. one in four of the spanish workforce is out of a job,
arsenal were thrashed 4-0 by manchester united at old trafford. the result was the premier league champions' worst defeat since 1896. wenger sent out a makeshift side depleted by injuries and suspensions.
lava flow mixed with steam caused a huge explosion. about eight people were injured, with some evacuated by rescue teams. a volcanologist at the scene told her it was the most dangerous incident he had experienced.
Lord forsyth of drumlean said the SNP election result was a "revolution" ex-labour chancellor Alistair darling said the election had "completely overtaken" any agreements made in the Smith Commission. the conservatives have outlined in their manifesto an
warren gatland says he will step down after the 2019 rugby world cup in japan. the 52-year-old hopes to coach in his native waikato once his contract expires. two of his predecessors and fellow countrymen went on to coach the all blacks
Benfica beat Vitória Guimares 5-0 to win their 36th league title. Franco Cervi, Raul Jimenez, Pizzi and Jonas scored the goals for the hosts. tozé (Vitoria) is shown the yellow card
born with a club foot, he had to learn to walk in plaster casts before rowing gold. the 35-year-old is preparing for his first serious bike race at the international para-cycling cup. born in Dunfermline and now living in Aviemore,
Down went into the game propping up division two after opening defeats by Fermanagh and clare. county secretary Sean Og McAteer felt compelled to release a length statement on Thursday night denying reports of unrest within the squad. Murphy's scrambled
"Ron will be remembered as a steadfast campaigner and committed socialist" he had represented the ward of St George west on the council since 1985. the city's mayor, George Ferguson, said Mr Stone had "an undying passion for Bristol"
the 21-year-old was also suspended for four months backdated to 23 may. three of those months have been suspended until 1 July 2016. townsend had already voluntarily withdrawn from the England squad for the european under-21 championship.
the city football group has entered into a global, multi-year marketing and technology partnership with german software giant, SAP. man city, new york city, Melbourne city and yokohama Marinos will use the insights derived from all this data to tailor individual player coaching and training programmes.
the number of respondents with no more than a high-school diploma fell to 60% from 61%. there were continuing signs of instability, with over a third saying they couldn't cover their monthly bills. the survey also suggested that disparities between households with different education levels was growing.
political leaders should not "pontificate on theological matters", says farron. but he says it has "become an issue" and he wants focus on election campaign. "i don't believe that gay sex is a sin," he told a
last year, Barratt built 1,390 new homes in Scotland, nearly half of which were constructed on brownfield land. the company said its building programme reflected "a continued recovery in Scotland's economy" and the health of the new-build housing market.
the government is negotiating with the Lib Dems and greens to get its budget plans passed. lib dem co-convener willie rennie has targeted up to £400m of additional spending. finance secretary Derek mackay has said he is "positive" about winning support
Colin Nathaniel Scott, 23, fell into the spring in the norris geyser basin area of the park in north-west Wyoming. authorities are now trying to retrieve his body from the spring but have so far been unable to reach it. springs in that part of the
mystery performer wore a Gary barlow mask as he began playing could it be magic. shoppers watching the performance were astonished when he revealed his identity. the 45-year-old entertainer is known for surprising fans - in 2015 he "crashed" a
the blaze broke out in a ground-floor flat of a four-storey tenement in tollcross. one woman was rescued from the top floor flat and eight people were injured in total. police said there were also reports of an explosion.
MPs voted to reject the bill by 352 votes to 58. the proposal sought to ban all abortions unless the mother's life was at risk. it was initially backed by the Catholic Church, but bishops said they could not support one of the proposals.
items believed to be worth more than £10m were taken in the raid. more than 70 safety deposit boxes were ransacked. five other men still face trial accused of conspiring to commit the burglary.
leigh halfpenny kicks three penalties and a Rhys webb score to put Wales 16-10 up at half-time. a disallowed Liam Williams try and half penny penalty give the Scots hope. but a late try from Jon Welsh is not
american sprinter runner-up in 100m and 200m at world championships. usain bolt finishes second in both events. world record holder Richard browne disqualified for false start. dafne Schippers wins 200m in 22.12.
two Yemeni ex-detainees from guantanamo bay accepted to live in Ghana. government has struggled to explain this decision. two men said they do not belong to any terrorist group.
the result means the Senegalese join Zambia in the round of 16. south africa and Guinea are already on their way home after being eliminated from the tournament.
four men carried out the assault at Altcar park in the Galliagh area. one of the gang believed to have a handgun. they escaped in a small silver car.
Carroll was substituted after just 15 minutes in the 3-1 win at Bournemouth. the 27-year-old had scored two goals in west ham's past four games. Carroll returned to action in September 2015 after seven months out for knee surgery.
ex-commissioners are free to take up a new role 18 months after leaving office. french minister calls the move "scandalous" and raises questions about conflict of interest rules. goldman sachs appointed barroso as an adviser and non-executive chairman
british driver doesn't want to be racing in f1 beyond this year. Stoffel vandoorne will replace him as team-mate of world champion Fernando alonso. the 36-year-old says he will leave the sport "happy with what
Howard suffered the injury in a collision with posh striker coulthirst. the 30-year-old joined bolton from Sheffield united in the summer.
the unemployment rate was 4.9%, down from 5.5% a year earlier. growth in average weekly earnings including bonuses slowed slightly to an increase of 2.3% on last year. the proportion of people in work hit a record high of 74.5%.
in the three months to June 2014, there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption. this compares with 1,830 in the 3 months to September 2013, the adoption leadership board says. the board says the drop may be influenced by recent court judgements in care and adoption cases
the move is part of an acrimonious battle for control of the media empire. independent director Frederic Salerno has contested the move. national amusements has filed with a Delaware court to approve the changes.
players did not speak to the media before and after friday's friendly win over Romania. the Scottish FA said it was "disappointed they have chosen not to undertake their media responsibilities" the home-based players are being funded to go full-time as they prepare for the Euro 2017 finals
journalist was last seen alive on 10 august as she departed on a trip with submarine inventor. he initially said he had dropped her off safely, but has since said she died in an accident. the body has been sent for DNA analysis, but the results will not be available until Thursday.
Ricky Miller scored a treble as dover athletic beat forest green rover's. rhys Murphy gave the hosts the lead in the seventh minute. Ross Lafayette restored dover's advantage in the second half.
charlene Walker, 36, suffered a single stab wound at the home of Julie gowling. the 44-year-old tried to cover up the killing and dispose of the weapon in a garden. judge told the mother-of-four she must serve a minimum of 14 years
CIA covert operations are by their very nature hard to prove definitively. but research into the agency's work has thrown up several cases where the agency tried to influence events.
the match was due to take place on Thursday but was rescheduled due to a frozen pitch. Wales hooker Scott Baldwin is undergoing a head injury assessment and is omitted from the Ospreys' line-up. in midfield, centre Ashley Beck makes way
highgate school is considering mix-and-match outfits for pupils. head Adam pettitt said growing numbers of children were questioning their gender. he said the issue of a gender neutral uniform had come up during question and answer sessions.
the european tour invitee is three shots off the lead held by american Peter Uihlein. Sharvin hit seven birdies but dropped three shots on par five holes. Belfast's Michael hoey finished on five over including two bogeys.
the giant 'a' at playhatch roundabout on the reading to henley road is not yet known. the roundabout is near sonning-on-thames, where a red letterbox 'appeared' last year. a BBC reporter saw the
critics say african artists are still subject to tight censorship. a play about gay rights was banned in Uganda. some artists say there is a cost to exercising artistic freedom.
foundations of a house dating back to the 1300s have been found. a flint scraper, used by people living 3,000 years ago, was also discovered. archaeologists say it is a hugely significant find.
police said the woman was the only person in a northbound vehicle that collided with a car occupied by two adults and two children at about 10:50. the occupants of the car received treatment for non life-threatening injuries at the scene.
a number of flights have been cancelled at cork airport and weather warnings are in place. power outages have also been reported with about 25,000 customers affected. aer Lingus regional flights to and from Edinburgh, Birmingham, Manchester and. Bristol have all been cancelled.
husband-and-wife duo beat world number four ranked pair 21-19 17-21 21-9. they will face china's Zheng Siwei and Chen Qingchen in Sunday's mixed doubles final.
the 26-year-old started his career with manly sea Eagles. made six appearances for the NRL champions last season.
ex-defence minister said "years ago" a seaslug aircraft missile was "fired into Wales" by mistake. it is believed he was referring to an incident in cardigan bay in 1958.
Craig Stevens sold the pristine, unopened bounty hunter toy at auction house vectis. the most highly valued item is a palitoy fx-7 medical droid from the esb. a similar item sold last year for around £8,
Ivanovic says this is the hardest game since we started qualification for the world cup. the 32-year-old scored in the 6-1 thrashing of Wales in 2014 qualifying at Novi Sad. he believes the scars of the past will provide extra motivation for Wales.
agents with the FBI and other federal agencies were forbidden from recording interrogations. critics of the old policy said it risked generating false confessions. the new policy, due to take effect in July, will cover agents at the agencies.
all four opposition parties at Holyrood want to repeal the football act. but the government says it will not do so without a "viable alternative" Lord Bracadale has been asked to review all of the country's hate crime legislation. his remit is to consider whether existing
the fate of the historical text had been in doubt after the Bible society in swindon decided to sell it off to raise money. the society, which owned it for almost 200 years, wanted to shore up funds for a new visitor centre inside a deconsecrated church in north Wales.
"the ground will burn beneath their feet," says interim prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk. u.s., eu have made it clear that the referendum in Crimea is "illegal and illegitimate" but there are still different opinions within
the commission had barred Mr Shafiq on Tuesday under a law that prevents senior officials from the era of president Hosni Mubarak from standing. however, on Wednesday the commission upheld his appeal and referred the law to the supreme constitutional court.
Powell led Derby to victory at Cardiff hours after his boss was removed from his role. Powell admits he does not know what will happen beyond the weekend. first-team manager inigo Idiakez has also left the club since Pearson's suspension.
Preston scored seven goals for the Lions last season to retain their national league status. the 21-year-old moved from blackburn Rovers last summer. he also scored 12 goals while on loan to ayr united in 2015-16.
malorie bantala, 22, gave birth at 32 weeks to a stillborn boy. she was attacked by teacher Kevin Wilson and a 17-year-old youth. both deny child destruction and causing grievous bodily harm.
born in worksop, Taylor rose to prominence in the game as a manager. he won the fourth division title with Lincoln City before moving to watford in 1977. his partnership with rock star sir elton john produced arguably his finest work.
the Nikkei 225 ended up 1.5% at 19,312.79, leading the region's gains. the dollar remained under pressure, buying 119.62 yen. in china, the Shanghai composite closed 0.4% higher at 3,825.78, while Hong Kong's hang Sen
new college of policing guidance designed to help officers prosecute without relying on victims' evidence. new domestic abuse offence of "coercive and controlling behaviour" within relationships is expected to come into force later this year.
the package includes a £250 Carer's Bonus for those looking after others. defence secretary Michael fallon visited Wales to meet business leaders. also on Thursday, Wales green leader pippa bartolotti called for the legalisation of cannabis.
Fidel Castro has remained the same - a symbol of revolution, a communist who has survived the fall of communism. he has been condemned for intolerance, for keeping his people poor and for refusing to see the benefits of economic liberalisation that even the communist
Middlesbrough beat Bolton 2-1 in their premier league clash at st. mary's. Josh Vela put Bolton in front before Rhodes equalised in injury time. Rhodes heads in David nugent's cross in the first minute of stoppage-time.
number of celebrity perfumes on the market has rocketed in the last decade. "glow changed everything," says Chandler burr, former scent critic for the new york times. perfumes ideally have to match the celebrity's image while also appealing to their core audience.
detectives said he had suffered a sustained and vicious assault. three teenagers, two aged 18 and a 16-year-old youth, appeared in court.
proposed deal is expected to include more security around the site where thousands of migrants are living and moves to tackle people trafficking. theresa may and french interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve will tour the Eurotunnel site and meet aid associations helping migrants. they will also discuss humanitarian support for migrants
brace will take on an as yet unnamed opponent for the vacant WBC International bantamweight title. the 26-year-old has won all five of her professional bouts so far.
the papers show drafts of the poems unluckily for a death and Into her Lying Down head. they were bought by Swansea university at an auction in new york. the manuscripts will be kept in the university's Richard Burton Archives.
the writer worked on the musical before her death last April. there will be more than 30 performances over the next four weeks. the role of Adrian is being shared by Lewis Andrews, Sebastian Croft, Joel Fossard-Jones and toby Murray.
south Wales fire and rescue service called to butetown tunnel. south Wales police said the tunnel remained closed after damage.
Stranraer are bottom of the championship after a 1-0 defeat by Stenhousemuir. manager Brian Reid has left the club by mutual consent. the 46-year-old won promotion to the second tier twice with ayr united.
message on councillor's twitter feed claimed Hitler was the "greatest man in history" another tweet suggested Iran could develop a nuclear weapon to "wipe Israel off the map" labour leader Jeremy corbyn said anyone who makes anti-Semitic remarks is "auto-excluded
Greek officials had been expected to meet representatives of EU creditors in the Greek capital athens on friday. but a european commission spokeswoman later said those representatives would arrive "in the coming days" Greece formally submitted a request for a new loan from the international monetary fund.
some of the men come from families with close links to the government. the victim, Zouhoura, is the daughter of an opposition leader. a video of her rape sparked a wave of protests in Chad in February.
elderly residents were moved out of Greyhound opening in 2008. senior city council officers moved in, in contravention of council policy. council's head of neighbourhood and strategic housing was later sacked.
NASUWT members in derry city, Strabane, Mid Ulster, Fermanagh and Omagh council areas will strike on 31 January. teachers in Belfast and newtownabbey staged a strike on 30 November closing a number of schools. in October, all teaching union
bill cosby 77 was to have been streamed from 27 November. it is not clear when or if the special will now be shown. comedian's lawyer previously said he would be making no comment.
Jeremy Fernandez is an up-and-coming presenter on the ABC news channel, news 24. he was the victim of a racist incident on a bus in inner-sydney this past week. the newsman describes it as his very own "rosa parks
Isabelle and Stanley Larson from Oxted, surrey, were burgled in 2005. the marine policing unit's dive team recovered the items in a supermarket carrier bag. one of the items found was a watch belonging to Mrs Larson's uncle.
the new offer was a basic £35.5m, which would have risen to nearer £40m when various extras were added. the 20-year-old has also been linked with arsenal and real madrid. sterling joined liverpool from QPR in 2010 and is under contract until 2017
half of privately-owned land in scotland is controlled by 432 people. the land reform bill will end tax relief for shooting estates and force the sale of land. landowners on sporting estates stopped paying business rates in 1994. opponents have described the bill as a "
based on her experiences and those of her two sisters, who are still inside the IS-held city. names and the timings of some events have been changed to avoid compromising the safety of nour or her family.
Mills scored 102 goals for whitehawk after joining the club in 2012. details of the length of the 26-year-old's contract at stonebridge road have not been disclosed.
prosecutors file charges of inciting racial hatred against a co-founder of the anti-islamic Pegida movement. poll suggests a four-year low in Chancellor Angela Merkel's popularity. germany expects to host at least 800,000 asylum seekers this
Poysden and Mellor have committed to the bears until at least the end of the 2018 season. the pair have played five Championship games each this summer. warwickshire are still without a director of cricket following the departure of Dougie brown.
the do not pay bot currently works in the UK and new york in the us. it asks a series of questions to determine the validity of a penalty notice. about 250,000 people have used the free service so far, said its creator.
barrister turned politician led the home office at the time of the poll tax riots. after leaving the commons, he served as leader of the house of lords and governor of Bermuda. theresa may paid tribute to Lord waddington's "long and distinguished career in
hospital bosses made changes last august in a bid to help ambulances reach the emergency unit more quickly at the university hospital of Wales. barriers were installed and traffic is not allowed to drive past the unit. the gridlock also led to people being late for appointments.
reports suggested more than one iguana was filmed, with scenes stitched together. but the BBC has said only one animal was chased by the snakes. the scene quickly went viral when it was aired last year.
the Wainwright Society has chosen fix the fells as its main beneficiary for 2017. up to £20,000 will be used to repair badly eroded long stile in the lake district. fix the Fells is expected to complete the work in 2018.
Steve morison twice hammered efforts over the crossbar. Byron webster fired a shot on the turn from 15 yards into the net. millwall doubled their advantage in the 77th minute.
job cuts represent 15% of the California-based company's workforce. move reflects fact that even if the fold-up Karma drone returns it will have missed out on the christmas shopping season. company also closing its entertainment division.
Brady wanted to move to a Scottish prison, but hospital said he needed continued care. he was jailed for three murders in 1966 and has been at Ashworth since 1985. the reasons for the tribunal's decision will be released later.
the man died in inverness on 27 October this year. the 72-year-old was found dead at a sheltered housing complex. police Scotland said it was "fully engaging" with the investigation.
ice extent is a poor guide to the scale of the eventual September low point, says a reading team. ponding water accelerates melting by changing the reflectivity, or albedo, of white ice. simulations suggest sea-ice extent for the end of this coming summer will
Mitis Mulbah scores twice and Benjamin Sarkoh once in rout of Kabylie. former africa champions lose 2-1 at home to Mouloudia alger of Algeria. MAS Fes build 3-0 lead over former African champions CARA of congo.
the firm had been run by its founder Lord Ballyedmond, until his death in a helicopter crash in march. Mr Nagle is currently the chairman of the Dublin-based Sisk group. he joined Sisk in 2005 as head of its non-construction trading activities.
arsenal beat chelsea 3-1 at the Emirates to move third in the premier league. the gunners were unstoppable from back to front in a magnificent first 45 minutes. it was as complete an arsenal performance as they have delivered for some time.
white lions are very rare - their zoo keeper thinks there's only around 90 of them in existence. they are usually found in wildlife reserves in south africa and a few zoops around the world.
midfielder Kirby, 23, has played more than 100 times for rovers since 2012. defenders gumbs and duggan, both 20, have also signed one-year deals.
both sustained leg injuries in the incident on Thursday. one of the two male officers had been discharged from the princess elizabeth hospital. the force is investigating what caused the injuries.
man, in his 50s, also sustained a suspected broken leg in the first attack. he was taken to hospital after a row on a garage forecourt. another man and a woman were assaulted in licensed premises.
the tweet was meant to promote Abercrombie's tie-up with the Trevor project. the charity is a suicide prevention hotline for young LGBTQ people. many of the brand's followers found it inappropriate.
Barbara and Colin Sellins, from southborough in Kent, wanted to make sure their funerals were paid for. they have been told it is unlikely they will get back the £4,000 they spent on the ceremony. "we have worked hard all our lives. we don't owe
rebels have seized the presidential palace complex and shelled the president's home. they say they can't continue in their posts under such pressure from the rebels. rebel leader Abdul Malik al-Houthi dismisses the resignation as a "manoeuvre"
designers hope it could cut brain injuries in high impact sports. scientists say they have created an agent to reduce risk of brain inflammation. research was published in the journal Proceedings of the national academy of sciences.
australian goalkeeper joins Bournemouth from reading. the 30-year-old was a free agent after the expiration of his contract. he made 245 appearances for the royals and was part of the 2010 world cup squad.
victims' families awarded £1.6m damages after retrial of real IRA bombers. 29 people killed in the 1998 bombing of Omagh, county tyrone. judge described the evidence against colm Murphy and seamus daly as overwhelming.
science minister says the UK will continue to attract the brightest and best to work in the country's universities. Prof Ramakrishnan says uncertainty over their status is "really detrimental" he says the government has to reassure all EU citizens, including the 30,000 scientists, that their status
second-hand smoke contains more than 4,000 chemical compounds. at least 250 of those compounds are known to be toxic or to cause cancer. critics of the ban have highlighted its negative impact on the pub and club trade.
german champions beat russia 5-0 in group d clash. Joshua Kimmich scores his first goal for the german side. atletico madrid beats psv 1-0 in the other game. besiktas and benfica draw 1-1 in
the hosts scored a brilliant first-half try and had the Scots under severe pressure at times. four penalties from Greig laidlaw saw the visitors home from 16-9 down. Defeated Japan coach mark hammett believes Scotland were allowed to get away with slowing
the 37-year-old led the Robins to last season's challenge cup final, but was sacked last month. he replaces australian Brian Smith, who resigned last week after winning just one of their first five games. batley and Wales coach John Kear will join
the Glasgow Necropolis is a historic cemetery and tourist attraction. the 37-acre Victorian cemetery contains about 3,500 monuments and sculptures. police officers take part in regular patrols of the necropolis during the spring and summer months.
"we will not stand for hate crime or these kinds of attacks," says david cameron. there have been reports of racism on social media, and a rise in hate crime. the full picture regarding hate crime after a Brexit vote could take months to emerge.
party leader leanne wood said she wanted an "end to austerity" plaid says it will negotiate jointly with the SNP and the greens if there is a hung parliament.
after EBITDA, the club recorded a loss of £142,659. chief executive Jamie Clifford said it was "very pleasing" the club also sold land at the old dover road side of the St Lawrence Ground to property developers.
IS captured al-Qaryatain in august, and abducted hundreds of residents, including dozens of Christians. a monitoring group said there were still pockets of fighting in the town. capture of the town would also provide a central base for government troops to attack IS-held areas.
66 state-school pupils will receive scholarships worth $17m (£12m) from us universities. the number of uk students in us universities has risen each year since tuition fees rose. US ambassador Matthew barzun praised the value of such "interconnectedness"
Emily, 11, submitted her short story to the jacqueline Wilson creative writing prize. the winner will feature in the author's new book, which is called Clover moon.
the rapper was performing in the country's capital when the alleged attack took place. the swastika is a traditional symbol in Mongolia that pre-dates the nazis. he had taken to the stage in a red deel - a Mongolian robe
jury finds "inconsistencies" in the way bury council dealt with road repairs. legal action has been started by Mr Hamer's family against the council. jury found hitting a pothole had probably contributed to the accident. road will be fully resurfaced by next march,
Edward Davies, 39, from Hampshire, has not been in touch with his family or friends since Sunday 8 may. he was reported missing the following Wednesday. an experienced hillwalker, he had planned to climb Sgurr na h-Ulaidh.
the 12th and final spot in the men's rugby world cup has been secured by spain. they join the likes of fiji, south africa, great britain, australia, united states, argentina, france, kenya, new zealand
experts from Oxford archaeology east and Cranfield university have spent five days recovering the plane. it crashed in Holme fen during a 300mph (483km/h) training mission in 1940, killing pilot officer Harold penketh. its parts will be preserved and put on public display
a selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 26 may and 2 June. send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk.
inverness-born actress, 29, is best known for her roles in the BBC's doctor who. she has also appeared in the films not another happy ending, oculus and in a valley of violence. Tupperware party is an art house film set in her home city and is
a frozen corner meant the game began 95 minutes after the scheduled kick-off time. tries from Waisea Nayacalevu and Julien Arias put the french side 17-5 up at the break. marland yarde and James Chisholm went over for late
juve beat porto 2-0 to extend their lead at the top of serie a to seven points. gianluigi buffon scores a late consolation goal for the hosts. luiz adriano equalizes for barcelona with a header in
ball will partner alun Wyn Jones at lock for the six nations opener against italy. hand injury suffered by bath's charteris and Bradley Davies' long-standing knee problem meant that ball was the obvious choice. the 19 stone seven Scarlets forward has only international start since the 2015 world cup
the 9m (30ft) tall red and blue statue was proposed for middle of Brixton. campaign needed to raise £900,000 but had gathered £50,000 in pledges by deadline. proposed site would have been five streets from bowie's birthplace.
Peter bunyan, 53, pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. a witness saw him forcing entry into 84-year-old Brian Robson's house. police arrived at the address to find Mr Robson in the hall with fatal head injuries
Dagenham and redbridge beat york city 1-0 in their premier league clash. dagenham's Frankie Raymond scored the winner with eight minutes remaining.
ITV has agreed a deal with Simon cowell for both The X Factor and Britain's Got talent to continue on ITV until at least 2019. cowell may not appear as a judge on both programmes - under the new deal he is only committed to judging one of the
violence has broken out between England fans, rival supporters and police for last three days in port city. there were clashes in the stadium following the 1-1 draw between england and russia. one Briton had been seriously hurt in the earlier clash.
fifteen IS fighters are said to have been captured in fresh air strikes on IS positions. some 15,000 minority Shia Turkmen in amerli have been surrounded by Islamic State militants for two months. uk, france and australia joined the us in dropping humanitarian aid.
more than $1bn has been raised so far this year in such transactions. questions over how investors are protected should a venture backed with digital coins fail. the SEC made its comments on ICOs in a report on a crypto-currency fund.
the Welsh lib dems want to replace tuition fee subsidies with maintenance grants of £2,500. she said it had been a "terrible mistake" for the Lib dems to make "a promise which we could not keep"
Kirsty Gilmour wins her fifth title in a row at the women's singles final. the 2011 world silver medallist beats defending champions Martin Campbell and Julie macPherson. she also won her fourth consecutive title in the womens doubles event.
Ivory Coast beat Algeria 2-1 to reach the last eight of the africa cup of nations. former arsenal striker Gervinho scored a late consolation for the hosts. new manchester city striker bony headed the elephants in front from a cross by gradel.
a series of tweets set up the opening scene for a fictional attack in Singapore. set in the year 2065, players must investigate the "mysterious disappearance" of a CIA station. many social media users said the scenario was in bad taste.
tiny crustaceans are a naturally-occurring parasite that can cause disease. resistance to chemical treatments rising, so scientists are looking at breeding resistance. parasite estimated to cost fish farming industry hundreds of millions of pounds a year.
Sunday's elections are to decide provincial governors, mayors and local assemblies. the number of seats is determined by each district's population. in the last local election, in 2011, there was a turnout of 99.7%.
despite being on his feet for over an hour, the south east region was conspicuous by its absence in his Budget speech. measures that had been trailed, such as increasing inheritance tax, are now going to be reviewed before any changes are implemented. but, other than that, there was very
Andy tennant retains men's individual pursuit title. double world champion Sophie Thornhill retains mixed para-cycling standing start time trial. defending women's champion Katie archibald qualifies ahead of matt trott.
the english rider crashed at this year's TT and the fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems. Martin said he was quitting road racing but he later clarified his position on facebook. he will not compete in next month's Ulster grand prix.
many of the city's roads had been blocked by barricades erected as part of anti-government protests. the wave of demonstrations started in San Cristobal almost two months ago. at least 39 people have been killed in protest-related violence.
right to buy was introduced by the thatcher government in the early 80s. since its introduction, more than 500,000 homes have been sold in scotland. but councils have been forced to suspend the policy, as their stock of social housing to rent has dwindled.
Liverpool's RIBA North has a gallery "at its heart" showing the city's architectural past, present and future. the gallery includes an interactive 3D digital city model which will help "improve planning" the exhibition has been funded by the heritage lottery fund.
the loch goes to a depth of 889ft (270.9m) on sonar equipment he uses. the official maximum depth on the current chart for Loch Ness is 754ft (229.8m) the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said it has no plans to
the £45m facility will house primary and secondary schools, a gaelic school and a childcare centre. east ayrshire council said it would ask permission from the McIlvanney family to name the campus in his honour. the renowned writer was born and educate
former colleagues tell a BBC Alba documentary that captors told Ms Norgrove they did not intend to kill her. the 36-year-old had been working on humanitarian projects in Afghanistan in 2010 when she was seized by rebels. former colleagues say she was led to believe she was being held captive
the group were convicted of assaulting social worker and activist Ken Tsang. tv cameras caught the officers kicking and punching him as he lay on the ground. the 2014 protests saw 79 days of student-led demonstrations and street occupations.
Felix Barrow sustained many broken bones and spent three weeks in a coma. he was on his way to school when he tripped in the road and was hit by a car. his family have raised nearly £100,000 for the services that saved his life
singer-songwriter Gerry Rafferty died peacefully at his home in Dorset. he had battled a drink problem and spent time in hospital with liver failure. his career high came in the 1970s and included the anthemic Baker Street.
planning permission granted for the new £16m aerospace museum on the former filton airfield.
40 workers have been made redundant at a factory in Lancashire. manager blames "english bag legislation" and "aggressive overseas competition" the 5p charge for bags was introduced in England in October.
the women had been married for a few months after one of them passed as a man. but suspicious neighbours confronted the couple and reported them to police. the local Sharia police chief told them Islam said they must beheaded and burned.
the men had been accused of conspiracy to defraud the coal authority, Neath Port Talbot, Bridgend, and Powys councils. they had been arrested in 2011 and it took nearly three years to come to court. the case was dismissed and the judge said no law had
29-year-old manager of Sierra leone's national football team sacked by ebola outbreak. he was appointed technical director of the Craig bellamy academy at the age of 24. within 18 months his squad were in the top 50 of the world rankings for the first time
host nation one of eight countries competing to win promotion to the sport's top division. the overall championship winners and runners-up will be elevated to the top tier. son of GB coach Derek forsyth is one of only two Scots in the GB squad.
the brothers' house-building business collapsed in 2008. their creditors will vote on the proposal next month.
manufacturing Purchasing managers' index grew to 50.1 from 49.4 in April. the 50 mark separates manufacturing growth from contraction. manufacturing failed to boost overall UK growth during 2015 and early 2016.
20-year-old has 10 caps for his country. undisclosed fee is more than £175,000 paid for Birmingham city's Alan Buckley in 1979.
Wallach began his film career in 1956 after 10 years on stage. his films included the classic westerns how the west was won and the misfits. the veteran star continued making films into his 90s, making his last big screen appearance in 2010.
konta will play american Bethanie mattek-sands on day one of the us open. the 25-year-old will also face a newly-crowned Olympic mixed doubles champion. former world number one Greg Rusedski believes she will reach the top 10 this year.
the counter-terrorism bureau urged caution in the south-west of india. it said travellers should shun crowded areas like beach parties, clubs, and markets. india is a popular tourist destination for Israelis.
market research firm GfK conducted a one-off online survey of 2,000 people after the referendum. confidence index fell by eight points to minus nine, a drop not seen since 1994. 60% of consumers expect the general economic situation to worsen over the next year.
government and rebel forces have been fighting for control of aleppo for three years. it is not known which side caused the explosion. fighting on the ground and government air strikes have left thousands dead.
researchers say severe droughts could trigger dieback of forests in the near-term. Efforts to curb deforestation need to be accompanied by initiatives to stop land management fires spreading into adjoining forest reserves. the findings appear in the Proceedings of the national academy of sciences.
Deborah steel, 37, was last seen in the early hours of 28 December. her body has not been found. a 72-year-old man from Ely has been re-bailed until 17 February.
bodies were found by police and paramedics after they were called to the house. a man has been arrested and remains in police custody. police are investigating the cause of what they say are "suspicious" deaths.
the 22-year-old played for Yeovil in the 2012-13 season and briefly last term. she has been studying at Rider university for the past four years.
Ibori was jailed in the uk for fraud totalling nearly £50m in 2012. he was due to be released on 20 December but instead was held in immigration detention. the judge rejected his claim for £4,000 in damages and awarded "nominal damages"
an invoice for £170 was sent to subscribers to the Scotland Supporters Club mailing list. the email provided a link for payment, which was a disguised website address. the SFA said a third-party email database had been compromised.
Cardiff walker wins 5km at the British championships in Birmingham. the 26-year-old sets two new British bests in the mile and 5km events. Davies will compete at the world championships next month in London.
born in Bradford, appleyard did not make his first-class debut until he was 27. he made his Test debut in 1954 and had match figures of 7-123. appleyard retired from playing in 1958 and went on to serve as club president.
Michelle Carter is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of conrad roy, 18. prosecutors allege she drove the 18-year-old to his death to attract sympathy. she has asked a judge to rule on the case, rather than a jury of
warburton has led Wales a record 49 times since being handed the captaincy by Warren gatland in 2011. the 28-year-old flanker says he is not disappointed and is free to concentrate on securing his position in the back row. "it is a
a 25-year-old man with knife wounds is in a critical condition in hospital. a 22-year old is being treated for gunshot injuries that are not thought to be life-threatening. four of the arrested men are suspected of violent disorder, and the fifth of possessing
last month a top UN court told Pakistan not to execute Mr Jadhav until it had time to hear a case brought by india. india has dismissed the mercy petition and a "confessional" video by Mr jadhav. the nuclear-armed neighbours have a long history of
despite equal pay legislation being introduced in 1970 a gender pay gap still exists today. women are still paid 24.6% less than their male counterparts.
volunteers were asked to act as traffic wardens at Tilbury Pioneer academy in 2015. but the powers were enforced by just one parent, with no penalty imposed. Thurrock council defended the project, saying it highlighted the "deterrent value of the project"
the latics lost 1-0 at home to fellow relegation candidates Bristol city on saturday. former manchester united under-21 manager Joyce has left the club. assistant manager Graham Barrow will take charge for the rest of the season.
Samuel Walker was killed in a hit-and-run as he crossed a road in Chorlton, manchester. joyrider Nawnee Mackin, 35, was jailed for nine years in November for dangerous driving. car owner Craig Chevelleau, 33,
fourth seed muguruza beats italy's francesca Schiavone 6-4 3-6 6-2. fourth seed will face Estonia's Anett kontaveit in the second round. world no. 10 wozniacki beats australian wildcard
labour says it has a "robust system" to prevent "malicious applications" left-wing party says it should be "thrilled" so many people want to join. comes after reports of "infiltration" of leadership contest by the "hard left"
8.3-magnitude quake strikes off coast of coquimbo, sending tsunami waves to japan. one million people had to leave their homes after Chile sounded tsunami alert. president Bachelet says death toll "while unfortunate, was not very high"
coventry's highfield road years are now regarded by many as the club's golden era. the ground was the first all-seater stadium in english football. move to the Ricoh arena has not brought the success many fans hoped for.
the 19-year-old has been with the shakers since 2013. he scored two goals in 14 appearances last season. the recall clause in his contract expires on 28 April.
a television documentary and two radio productions took the top prizes. the three-day festival took place in Dungarvan in County Waterford this week. BBC One NI's true north: keepin' er country took the main accolade.
customers who use the internet pay just as much for overdrafts and fees as everyone else. Lloyds boasts that it has 10 million customers who access its services via the internet. no bank will say how much its branch network really costs them.
passing police patrol discovered the device near holy cross boys' primary school in Ardoyne. ch supt Chris Noble said the device was "sizeable" and an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers. about 20 residents had to leave their homes during the security operation
Chinese troops enter what india says is its territory near the disputed border. some media outlets say the tensions are likely to "undo" the progress made during china's visit last week. one of india's top Indian shooters, abhinav bindra, on Tuesday won two bronze
the pair have signed two-year deals with Carlton fairweather's WSL 1 side. canada internationals sjoman and staniforth have played at the highest level.
more than 2,000 Palestinians have moved into a housing complex named after the former ruler of the wealthy Gulf state. as the regional crisis over Qatar escalates, Palestinians fear the loss of their major donor and ally. in recent years, Qatar has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on new homes,
proposed timetable changes could have seen four of six services being cut. but crossCountry said there would now be no changes to timetables from this December. it followed discussions with the department for transport and transport Scotland.
last week, Chinese and Vietnamese ships clashed over the drilling rig that china has placed in waters near the disputed paracel islands. china claims a swathe of the south china sea that covers areas other south east Asian nations say are their territory. China and Manila are also at
cardinals held prayers and swore oaths of secrecy at their first meeting. there will be a series of daily meetings leading up to a conclave next week. the election process comes after Pope Benedict XVI stepped down.
according to the Russian credit bureau, 40 million Russians have loans or mortgages. total personal debt has risen to 1tn roubles (£10.7bn; $16.7bn) by June, 12.5m of those loans had not been paid for at least a month
the IMF said the mainland should reduce foreign exchange intervention. it said fiscal stimulus should be china's "first line of defence" in its economic slowdown. the country was accused for years of suppressing the yuan in order to boost exports.
boat is understood to have capsized in the durris area, at Craiglug. one of the three - believed to be teenagers - made it ashore.
Ofcom is reviewing the company's provision of superfast broadband. one option is "the structural separation" of Openreach from BT. 2.5 million homes do not have access to minimal broadband speeds of 10 megabits per second. BT has always maintained splitting off the division would be
"uranium-gate" resulted from a 2011 transaction between french nuclear giant areva and companies both in Niger and abroad. there is also a french investigation into some of Areva's business dealings. many people turned up on Friday morning outside the court in the capital,
the storm comes two weeks after the region declared a drought disaster. it is the worst winter storm for 30 years, according to the south African weather service. schools and universities have shut and roofs have been blown off.
train carrying flammable, toxic substance came off rails near Maryville, tennessee. people within a two-mile radius of the fire were evacuated. local police said seven officers were hospitalised because of the fumes.
the 25-year-old won her maiden able-bodied national title on sunday. she also won team gold with England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in india. but to qualify for Rio, she would have to switch to the recurve bow. former world number two in compound bow
mark Davey, 33, from Luton, died from severe head and brain injuries after his car hit a roundabout. it is believed he was racing against a black Porsche 911, which successfully navigated the roundabout Mr Davey's car hit at about 48 mph. the
police say a man drove a bulldozer to a house in Teralba, outside Newcastle. he crushed three cars parked in front of the house and another parked at the side. the man, who was known to the house's occupants, fled the
Williams driver Felipe massa suffers two left-rear wheel failures in practice. the session was stopped for 30 minutes as officials cleared the track of debris. mercedes' nico rosberg leads the drivers' standings by 0.146secs. red bull's
blues coach Danny Wilson says his side fought until the end. two scores by cory allen after the break put blues in the driving seat. home side could not claim the bonus point score in the final 20 minutes.
lawyers believe the crematorium breached the human rights act. about 60 families were unable to get their child's remains between 1996 and 2012. the council said it was liaising with its insurers.
u.k. voted to leave the european union on 23 juin last year. decision was no rejection of values we share as fellow europeans, says bruce schneier. it was a vote to restore, as we see it, our national self-determination,
millions of birds reared in northern ireland create 260,000 tonnes of poultry litter a year. if industry expands, it could generate 400,000 tonnes of waste annually. much of the waste is spread as fertiliser on fields but it is rich in nitrogen and phosphorous.
the painting is the property of a spanish banking tycoon. it was declared a "historical heritage asset of exceptional importance" an export request was filed for the painting in 2012 to move it to London.
team sky chief sir Dave brailsford told culture, media and sport committee the package contained a legal decongestant. but MPs say they are "concerned" by some of the evidence they have heard. doctor who received package on behalf of team sky, Dr Richard freeman
Tanveer Ahmed, 32, from Bradford, stabbed shopkeeper asad Shah, 40, outside his store. Ahmed said he killed the shopkeeper because he had posted videos online. he was told he would serve a minimum of 27 years in prison.
youGov poll puts "yes" campaign ahead by 51% to 49%, excluding don't knows. but one-off elections present peculiar difficulties for pollsters. gap between the two campaigns does seem to have narrowed.
treble-winning trio of peacock, sinfield and leuluai retire from rugby league. defeat completes the trio's playing careers with 22-20 win over Wigan Warriors. winger Joe Burgess joins new club Sydney Roosters.
Corey Anderson will miss new zealand's remaining one-day internationals. the 24-year-old had signed to play for Somerset in the second half of the T20 Blast. he was injured during the first test defeat by england at Lord's last month
government and doctors' union agree to continue negotiating until Wednesday. talks set up following a series of strikes including the first-ever full walk-out by doctors. government said in february it would be imposing the contract from this summer.
security co-operation between the two countries is seen as crucial in countering the growing Taliban threat. Afghan officials often accuse Pakistan of controlling the Afghan Taliban. Pakistan denies this although it admits having contacts with the militants.
the sixers scored 22 in their extra over, while the heat made 15 in reply. brendon McCullum had earlier scored 46 as the heat compiled 167-9.
a first-half own goal from Diego reyes was followed by a volley from saul niguez and a penalty from Antoine Griezmann. barca can restore their eight-point advantage and set a spanish football record of 35 games unbeaten
driver Francisco Jose garzon amo is under investigation but has not been formally charged. parliamentary session is not expected to look at the causes of the accident. the derailment on 24 July also left about 170 people injured.
dozens attend the funeral of 18-year-old georgina callander in lancashire. she was one of 22 people killed in the suicide bombing at the arena. a private burial service was held after the church ceremony.
Surrey defeated Yorkshire by six wickets in their first home game. the visitors posted 134-5, with Hollie armitage leading the way with 43. diamonds' debutant Laura spragg's only over went disastrously wrong.
the 25-year-old has made three appearances since joining last summer. petsos becomes Fulham's first signing of the January transfer window. striker Stephen Humphrys has extended his contract at Craven Cottage.
chinese shares saw the biggest falls in the region with the Shanghai composite closing down 2.8% at 4,112.21 - marking a third day of declines. several companies on the mainland have announced share offerings through the week, leading investors to pull funds from other stocks. shares in australia had
tries from jonny may, marc atkinson and henry purdy seal win for Gloucester. blues led 23-20 after Josh hohneck was sent off in the first half. but unanswered second-half scores from may, martin thrush and
hole which opened up in grays, Essex, also caused a gas leak. lorry owner says he could lose up to £20,000 if it cannot be moved easily. engineers working to decommission section of gas main where leak had caused.
BBC sport tells the story of how a forward-thinking contraception company led to an F1 blackout. the 1976 season, including the British grand prix, was not broadcast on tv in the uk. one of the cars was sponsored by a condom manufacturer, leading to
the accident happened shortly before 22:00 GMT on the new lodge road. the man's condition was initially described as serious, but police have said he is now critical but stable in the royal Victoria hospital.
Michael Gardyne put Hibs ahead after he broke free of mark Oxley and Liam Fontaine. the defender's poor clearance allowed Schalk to score the winning goal at the death. Jason Cummings' resourcefulness was almost telling when he lifted a
at least two dogs have been treated for symptoms of poisoning after being walked near a cricket pitch in colchester, the RSPCA said. the dogs suffered "severe sickness" and their owner said he collapsed. eight Ash green cricket club said it was aware of reports of suspected
Wales beat France 19-10 in their fifth consecutive Six nations match on friday. the victory was Wales' seventh consecutive match without defeat. they travel to face unbeaten english at Twickenham on 12 march.
bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio Laura Jayne Stuart, ond clywodd ddydd Gwener bod M
tiny identity tags are imperfections in the building blocks of matter, making them virtually impossible to clone. researchers from the universities of Lancaster and Manchester built tiny, layered metallic structures in the lab. the fingerprint structures were demonstrated at the nano-scale where the laws of quantum mechanics take over from the
aAH pharmaceuticals was broken into during the early hours of monday morning. a small number of tablets, believed to be linked to the burglary, were later found. police have advised the public to only use medicine from healthcare professionals.
Stuart broad took 5-1 in 31 balls - the seventh time he has taken five wickets in a single spell of bowling. england's bowlers have the ability to turn a Test into a match-winner. the likes of james anderson
british 10,000m runner beats personal best by 83 seconds at parliament hill. the 23-year-old now lives and trains in andorra and is engaged to road cyclist Dan Martin. she had previously run shorter distances and cross-country.
Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen has given rare interviews defending himself against the accusations levelled by his nemesis, president recep Tayyip Erdogan. he advocates a sufi-based Islam of tolerance that emphasises education and promote
scarlett keeling, 15, was raped and killed while on a trip of a lifetime in goa. she was acquitted of murder by a judge in 2016. india's central bureau of investigation has appealed the decision.
Dundee united fans are beleaguered as never before. but they're not beyond a bit of dark humour. one man jokes: "i'm going into jail for the evening."
Brittany Carter, 23, is accused of performing a sex act on the 29-year-old driver. Corey Jackson, 20, allegedly held a knife to his throat. police said the pair then stole $32 (£26) from the victim.
Craig church, 29, died after falling down several flights of stairs in apartment block. he had been working as an english language teacher at a primary school in eastern china. his sister said he was a "fun-loving man" and "a friend to everyone"
Gregor Smith was taken up and down Scotland's west coast in a friend's boat. he also made several long drives north to caithness, sutherland and wester Ross. the collection, far shore, is being exhibited at Glasgow's Compass gallery.
tries from mark Bennett, euan Murray and Dougie fife secure victory for france. fly-half joseph lopez kicked four penalties and a conversion for the home side. the score was 9-8 at half-time, but the Scot
more than 110 members of the unite union, based in weymouth and bridport, are set to walk out from 04:00 on Monday until 03:59 BST on Saturday. unite said it is angry at a 2.3% pay offer from first group while it says drivers for
the ballymena factory has been in operation since 1969. it is a major employer in the area. workers have been given time off and are due back on Thursday.
Kuwait, Luxembourg, Denmark, Saudi Arabia and the UK lead the list of those donating sufficient money. the united nation's £3bn appeal for Syria is currently 44% funded. Oxfam's assessment is based on the sums sought by the UN, red cross and other appeals
brie Larson named best actress in a drama, while Jennifer Lawrence won best comedy actress. Kate winslet wins best supporting actress award for her role in Steve jobs. mark rylance loses out to sylvester stalone for his role in creed
Diego simeone's Atletico madrid are one of the game's hottest managerial properties. he has been preaching the mantra of "hard work and humility" since taking over in 2011. atletico beat barcelona 1-0 to reach the champions league semi-
guide dog Joey mainly flies between london luton and paphos in Cyprus. guide and assistance dogs are the only animals allowed on easyjet flights.
the directive, which takes effect on 16 march, places a 90-day ban on people from six mainly Muslim nations. it will also ban entry of citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen for 90 days. the first order, which was blocked by a federal court
Graeme asks: is it not possible for the government to have a second referendum vote? there is little evidence it would have different result, not least because of polling. health secretary Jeremy hunt has suggested there may be second referendum.
claims against professors Nigel and Niall Piercy came to light during a staff forum. staff claimed to have been publicly humiliated, verbally and physically intimidated. both men have been asked to comment but neither has responded.
england head coach Eddie Jones names his 45-man squad for pre-season camp. winger Jonny may named after recovering from a serious knee injury. manu tuilagi and james haskell named after missing tour of australia.
cotton, 22, has played 17 first-class matches since his debut in 2014. Taylor, 21, was ruled out for the season with a back injury. Derbyshire are bottom of division two having failed to win any matches this season.
the vigils were held in Bristol, London, Cape Town and Sweden where she was born. Mrs Dewani, 28, was shot after a cab the couple were travelling in was hijacked. her husband, Shrien, 31, was released unharmed but her body was later found
the 1916 proclamation is considered one of the most important documents in Irish history. auctioneers said that the copy was from a medical officer attached to the garrison based out of the general post office (GPO) the GPO was the headquarters of the Rising's leaders.
third-biggest repayment by a payday lender in recent years. follows investigations by Wonga and cash Genie. compensation relates to affordability of loans taken out in the year to April 2015.
singer has been undergoing treatment since she was found unconscious in her home in march. she is known for songs like big yellow taxii and case of you. in June, singer David Crosby - who dated Mitchell in 1967 - said she was not speaking.
phase one of the £2.2m project covers much of the city centre, from queen street to the Meadows. phase two of the project, in the north, is due to begin in October. phase three is to start in February 2017, phase four in June 2017, phase five in October 2017 and phase six in
more than 560,000 people missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in 2014/15. each missed appointment is thought to cost the NHS £120. figures were obtained by the Scottish Conservatives through a freedom of information request.
Carolyn McCall joined the budget airline from the Guardian Media Group in 2010. she was made a Dame in the new year honours list for her work in the aviation industry. veronique Laury was considered a surprise choice to head the home improvement chain.
roads around balmoral show site were congested on the first day of the event. chairman of the Maze/Long Kesh development corporation says work is under way. up to 80,000 people are expected to attend the three-day event in northern ireland.
the 1,905 claimants had alleged they suffered harm while being held on PNG's Manus Island between 2012 and 2016. the government said it "strongly denied" the allegations but that settling was a "prudent decision" the policy has been heavily criticised both at home and
Roger dodds, now 81, was sentenced to 16 years in prison for abusing male colleagues. Sheffield city council ordered to pay former worker Richard rowe, who was abused in the 1980s, the sum. authority has said it is "deeply sorry" and accepted responsibility
the disused Fawley power station chimney would be the tallest such attraction south of the london's Shard. the power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation. plans show a petal-shaped glass structure at the centre of a £1
"i learned I can deal with having to get cuts and when it gets rough I can carry on," says the 26-year-old. the 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth games gold medallist has previously stated his ambition to fight fellow Scot and WBA super-lightweight champion Ricky Burns. he
Burnley Empire Theatre defaulted to the care of the duchy of Lancaster. the ownership could not be established after the venue was last used as a bingo hall in 1995. campaigners who want to restore the building to its former glory said the decision was a blow to their plans.
abortion is viewed as such a grave sin that it warrants automatic excommunication. in most countries, only a bishop can approve forgiveness for abortion. the change is only for the coming Jubilee Year, beginning in December.
dinesh and tarakeshwari Rathod said last year that they had reached the summit. but police in Maharashtra state on Monday confirmed the couple had "morphed photographs" the inquiry was launched after the pair's claims were queried by climbers.
David Silva opened the scoring for manuel pellegrini's side in the first half. david Silva doubled city's lead in the second half with a fine curling strike. George Boyd scored straight after the break, turning home Danny ings' shot while in an off
Catherine Kelly, aged 41, was pronounced dead at the scene. a 41-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries. police said the fire was a "targeted and deliberate act"
Starbucks made an operating income of almost $4.2bn (£3.4bn) for the year to 2 october. that was up 16% on the previous year, mainly down to strong showing in the u.s. fastest growth was in the china and Asia Pacific region,
webber and team-mates need a fourth-place finish or better in the 6 hours of Bahrain. they were runners-up at the previous event in June and took third at spa in may. the 39-year-old admits he never expected to be in this position so quickly.
first minister to convene a migrant crisis summit with councils and humanitarian agencies. scotland will do "everything possible" to help in the refugee crisis, she says. immigration minister says accepting more refugees is not the answer.
the unit would provide inpatient, outpatient and day palliative care for incurable cancer and other conditions. if the plans are approved, work is expected to start later this year with the centre potentially opening in late 2018 or early 2019.
Tomer Hemed scores twice and scores a third as Brighton beat Bristol 4-0. the victory keeps the seagulls fourth in the premier league table. mark little deflects a fourth goal into his own net.
hywel dda director of operations says all hospitals are full following busy weekend. he said there were a high number of patients who needed to be admitted. health board said additional medical staff were working to ensure "all patients had a senior medical review"
the new york attorney-general said government bodies and not-for-profit organisations had been defrauded of millions of dollars. the scandal has already cost barclays $453m.
IRFU banned players of all ages from wearing eyewear of any kind during play. Ryan Totten, 7, and Ian McKinley, 21, wanted to play rugby wearing special sports goggles. but the ruling meant they were barred from playing the sport in Ireland. the IR
european professional club rugby announces choice of host city for 2017 finals. french capital will host 2016 finals, with both being played in one weekend. the Scottish finals will also take place over the same weekend in the city.
second-year scholars callum pritchard-ellis, James Ballie, callum Saunders, James Jones, Fraser Murdock and Perry Ng have all been offered senior deals. three under-16s have also signed first-year scholar contracts. crewe's under-21s
Exeter beat Saracens 6-6 in a tense semi-final at twickenham. Jack nowell's try put the home side ahead at half-time. but Chris Wyles' try brought the hosts level.
one trust told staff to "use Bing" instead of Google. google says its systems are designed to spot unusual traffic. the NHS is one of the biggest employers in the world.
real beat Kashima 3-2 in the final of the 2016 club world cup in yokohama. karim benzema put real ahead in the ninth minute before Gaku Shibasaki doubled lead. ballon d'or winner ronaldo completes
police have been searching the site in Milton, near Cambridge, for five weeks. it is thought by police he ended up in a bin lorry. his father Martin said it was "breathtaking" to see how much waste officers have combed through.
labour's election pledge to provide working parents 30 hours free childcare a week. policy will be made available to working parents of three- and four-year-olds for 48 weeks of the year. economist says "upper limit" could reach £200m if "nearly
the clip shows corden arriving at the white house for a tour before Mrs Obama gets into his car. the footage was recorded last month in washington DC. it will air on the British star's Late, Late show in the US on Wednesday.
the story of pride and prejudice exhibition is open until may. the museum will also stage a contemporary art exhibition. costumes worn in the 1995 BBC adaptation of the novel will also be on display.
Wigan beat Wolves 28-14 at old trafford to reach super league semi-final. visitors go down to 12 men after Ben Flower is sent off in the second half. victory would guarantee Wigan a home semi, while warrington only need a draw to reach final.
Wisden cricketers' almanack names 2016's leading cricketers in the world. australia's Ellyse Perry, 26, is named world's top women's cricketer. india captain virat Kohli, 28, is named leading cricketer in the universe.
three girls, aged 10, eight and five, and two five-year-old boys were taken to hospital. the collision involved a red Mercedes A180 and a blue Vauxhall corsa. a number of the casualties suffered serious but not life threatening injuries.
Norma diffley, who ran a boutique in donaghadee, died in the accident. the 33-year-old man is being questioned on suspicion of dangerous driving.
TNS took the lead after 23 minutes, but it was tinged by controversy. forfar were on top after the break, but two Draper strikes won the tie. it was the second successive home defeat for forfar after a run of nine straight wins.
free child care and 100,000 apprenticeships are included in the party's five-year plan for government. the most expensive commitments cover 30 hours of free childcare a week for parents of three and four-year-olds. plaid Cymru said the programme was "lacklustre
Michael Sean Carson, known as "kit", has been detained on suspicion of indecency with children and indecent assault. he has worked for clubs including Peterborough united, Cambridge united and Norwich city. police said a man in his 70s remains in custody.
motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman is awarded the British Empire Medal. campaigner John muir, who led demands for tougher sentences for knife crime, receives an MBE. broadcaster Nicky Campbell has been given an OBE for services to children.
number of nursing homes and nursing beds has fallen for the first time in five years. 73 homes cancelled their registration in the first half of 2016, care quality commission said. department of health said nurse training places were being increased.
the 35-year-old schoolteacher told the court that her digestive system sometimes converts food into alcohol. after her arrest, her doctor conducted tests that found that high levels of yeast in her intestines ferment high-carbohydrate foods. "she can register a blood alcohol content
point mutation in human gene appears to have changed the function of a gene. gene arose about five or six million years ago, after human line split off from chimpanzees. researchers believe mutation paved the way for the brain's expansion.
the 28-year-old has signed a four-year contract with the north london club. Soldado helped Spain reach the final of the confederations cup last month. he is expected to be available for Tottenham's final pre-season friendly on saturday
staff at the hospital ordered a pizza but were dismayed when the phrase appeared on the delivery instructions. the NTW said staff were "greatly distressed" the trust has written to the shop and removed the takeaway from its list of approved suppliers until the matter is resolved.
most of the funding will be spent in Conwy, Denbighshire, Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire. natural resources minister alun Davies had already promised £3m to pay for emergency repairs. much of the Welsh coast felt the full force of the storms during the winter
Veronica boquete, nadine kessler, kim little and asisat oshoala make the shortlist. the winner will be announced on 26 may on BBC world service. fans can vote online through the BBC website or by SMS.
leroy cudjoe scores only try as huddersfield beat leigh by 20 points. leigh captain Micky higham makes 500th career appearance in defeat. ukuma ta'ai scores first try for hosts before gaskell's second.
more than 80,000 people attend homecoming gig to mark 30 years since The Joshua Tree album. band played some of their classics before playing the album in full and in order. the album made U2 the biggest rock band in the world and saw the beginning of bono.
Wales beat Moldova 2-0 in their opening euro 2016 qualifier. goals from Sam Vokes and Joe allen secure victory. gareth bale nets last-minute penalty to seal win. top of group on goal difference ahead of Austria.
the amber warning has been issued for counties Antrim, armagh, down and Londonderry. it is valid from 10:30 GMT on Thursday to 08:00 GMT on friday. there have been reports of flooding in County Down, near Helen's bay.
police chief says "vulgar clip" had "hurt public chastity", ISNA news agency says. the young people in the video are students, film-makers and photographers. they claim they were tricked into making the video for an audition.
Natalia Wilkanowska, 50, disappeared in 2003 after travelling to visit her ex-husband. her body was found in the garden of her brother's house in Luton in 2015. Joseph and Daniel doherty are accused of helping conceal her remains and lying to police.
judge at the high court rules in favour of environmental group ClientEarth. group called air pollution a "public health crisis" and said government has failed to tackle it. ruling in the judicial review called the government's plan "woefully inadequate" Defra said it accepted the
alsop has been music director of Baltimore Symphony orchestra since 2007. she is principal conductor of Brazil's Sao Paulo Symphony orchestra. alsop: "proms exceeded my expectations. it was a great evening"
the victim was abused for more than 10 years, bearing two children. violence against women is endemic in Afghanistan. victims of sexual abuse are often themselves jailed for "moral crimes"
Flt Lt Andrew townshend pleaded guilty to negligently performing a duty and was also handed a four-month suspended prison sentence. court martial heard that during a flight from RAF Brize Norton to Afghanistan on 9 February 2014 the 49-year-old pilot's camera
IS and other jihadist groups appear to be exploiting new functionality introduced by the app last month. IS media operatives on twitter started advertising the group's own channel dubbed Nashir. since then, IS propaganda has started appearing first via Telegram.
the changes come after weeks of protests by voters angry at the way the country is governed and at the lack of investment in infrastructure. tensions have become particularly fraught during a heatwave that has seen temperatures rise to 51C (123F) parliamentary speaker salim al-juburi said
Omari mwanahamisi put Tanzania ahead after only 26 minutes. she doubled the lead just before half-time. Kenya pulled a goal back through Christine Nafula.
great britain win their 17th medal of the games with a win in the men's four. british pair lead from start to finish 1.2 seconds clear of new zealand in seven minutes 18.29 seconds. it was the first gold of the 2012 lon
the bridge, for pedestrians only, would cost £175m to build. it would make it the world's most expensive footbridge. some people aren't happy with the idea, saying it could spoil riverside views.
Hull lost 1-0 at home to middlesbrough in the premier league on monday. the Tigers had only 13 senior players available on the opening day of the season. they signed six players in the last two days of the summer transfer window.
if you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. you can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share
the Citizens' Assembly voted 64% to 36% in favour of having no restrictions on abortion. anti-abortion groups have condemned the result of the vote. any change to the law would require a referendum.
scrum-half allowed to return to the field after being sent for a head injury assessment. review group said Murray "did not meet the criteria for immediate and permanent removal from the field of play" sale sharks cleared of wrongdoing by the concussion management review group.
soldiers fired real and rubber bullets at the protesters, as well as tear gas. some reports, citing hospital sources, said four people had been killed. protesters accuse government of neglecting much needed reforms. second time this month that protesters managed to break into city's government
a further pregnancy would be a "significantly life-threatening event" for mother and child. the 36-year-old woman has no contact with any of her six children. two of the children were born at home in conditions described as "unhygienic and overrun by pets"
the National trust has announced a shortlist of six teams, as well as the names of those on the jury. building work is expected to begin by early 2019, the trust said. the high-profile project had a £30m construction value.
team sky rider was part of a group that finished two seconds behind stage winner Jesus Herrada at Chalmazel-Jeansagniere. two-time tour de france winner contador is the overall leader, six seconds ahead of richie porte, having won Sunday's
footage shows firefighters using aerial ladders and hoses to dampen down the building, which has been completely gutted by flames.
the arrests are part of a pre-planned operation relating to alleged terrorism offences. police said the men will appear before Westminster Magistrates Court but did not specify a date. the men were part of raids in several european countries connected to a suspected "jihadist network
Jordan is a key ally of the us and, together with Egypt, one of only two arab nations to have made peace with Israel. the desert kingdom emerged out of the post-first world war division of the middle east. king Abdullah II has been facing growing demands for political reform
pro-russian rebels seized parts of the Luhansk and donetsk regions last year. they had earlier banned 10 international humanitarian agencies citing "violations" a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine has been holding in the past two weeks.
the board of control for cricket in india missed a deadline to name a squad for the tournament. a meeting to select the team will now take place on Monday, 8 may. india will not face a sanction for not doing so.
new forests would slow flooding by trapping water with their roots. government is sponsoring catchment trials to assess the potential of the upstream areas to catch water and send it slowly downhill. the best results come when rivers are partly dammed and a forest is allowed to grow on the floodplain
the santee sioux tribe had planned to open a lounge selling marijuana on new year's eve. the tribe says it wants to show cooperation with federal officials for future negotiations. justice department decided last year to let tribes grow marijuana on their land.
Labour retain control of Durham county council despite losing 20 seats. the party won 94 seats in the 2013 election and that has now fallen to 74. Mr Houchen will head the Tees Valley Combined Authority.
church commission inspected the bust in Crimea after Natalya poklonskaya made the claim on a Russian TV channel. in the past some Russian Orthodox worshippers have claimed to see myrrh seeping from holy icons - but not from any busts of the
judge Gorsuch is a so-called originalist, meaning he believes the constitution should be followed as the Founding Fathers intended. if confirmed by the Senate, his nomination would restore the court's conservative majority, lost with the death of justice Antonin scaleia. the court has
her path to being the chief strategy officer of internet security firm RSA started when she travelled on her own to the US at 11-years-old. she "fudged" a few details on her CV and applied for a job as a casting assistant for Steven Spielberg.
the station opened in 1900 and was named after queen victoria. it was demolished in 1967, a year after the final service to London left. all rail traffic was sent to Nottingham Midland, now the city's central station. pictures highlighting its past are on show at the
factory activity unexpectedly shrank in October to 49.8, below the 50-point mark. it is also marks the third consecutive month of contraction in manufacturing. the private survey also showed that factory activity fell for the eighth month in a row.
four officers injured when the met's Flying squad swooped on the men. a Taser was discharged several times and the policemen were hurt as the men tried to escape on mopeds. store owner Avi Reed said the gang smashed a glass cabinet,
leverkusen midfielder sent off for insulting hoffenheim's Julian Nagelsmann. the 49-year-old has been banned for two games and handed a £13,373 fine. he had been sanctioned for refusing a referee's
the migrant crisis has fuelled a right-wing backlash against the political establishment. the far-right freedom party (fpoe) has shaken up the centrist consensus politics. ELAM entered parliament for the first time in may 2016 elections, securing two seats
Steve Sankey was elected in the east Mainland, south Ronaldsay and burray ward of orkney islands council. the Greens said he was the first member of a mainstream national party to be elected to the council where candidates have traditionally stood as independents.
incident occurred on great northern road near to its junction with clifton road. police said the collision involved a black Yamaha motorcycle. passing motorists in a white vauxhall insignia and a dark coloured Nissan Qashqai are wanted.
in less than 24 hours, the country's chosen to leave the european union, abandoning an institution. some labour MPs are trying to unseat their leader, and Scotland faces another referendum on the other union. the prime minister's judgement, his mistaken analysis of how to win the public over
card bearing two 1980s Spanish stamps and a second-class stamp dropped through letterbox. it was sent by someone called Phyl, to a Mrs E Leon. gethin Davies now hopes to reunite it with the person it was intended for.
the Duke of Rothesay laid a wreath on a new memorial cairn built by the community of Cabrach in moray. the crag commemorates the farming community and neighbouring parishes at Rhynie, Lumsden and Dufftown. between
35-year-old prop willie Mason joins manly from french side toulon. he played 290 NRL games during his 15-year career spent with five clubs, including Canterbury. veteran front-rower Mason played 24 tests for the blues, scoring once.
the deal comes just weeks after Pfizer scrapped a planned $160bn merger with allergan. crisaborole, a cream for eczema, is awaiting approval by us regulators. some 18 million to 25 million people suffer from e
John Ridsdel, 68, was kidnapped from a tourist resort in davao last year. he was taken along with another Canadian, Robert hall, Norwegian Kjartan sekkingstad. they were taken to the island of Jolo,
the singer's shared the video for living for love, the album's first single, on the new snap channel. it follows a leak of the star's 13th studio album ahead of its planned release on 10 march. this is the first music video to be published since the launch of Snap
the president is set to face Jonathan Zapiro in court in October over a different cartoon. the pair clashed over the cartoon depicting him about to rape a female figure representing justice. he also depicted him with a shower cap on his head - a
the county has received £1bn of aid over the past 15 years with more than £400m in the pipeline until 2020. Cornwall voted Leave and the Isles of Scilly voted Remain. the referendum result is proof perhaps that money can't buy love.
two masked men came to the door of the 82-year-old's home in Baillieston. they pushed the pensioner and demanded money, before searching the house. the men made off in the direction of Bredisholm road.
the Scottish tories have seen double-digit increases in their vote in almost every seat. they knocked off Angus Robertson, the SNP's deputy leader and top dog at Westminster. it's been a long time since the tories had a night like this in Scotland
world number 127 figueiredo was struggling at 4-1 down. but he took four frames to leave fifth-ranked ding clinging on. tense decider was won with a break of 74.
her Majesty's Crown Prosecution Service inspectorate's report looked at the speed and quality of the CPS's communication with victims of crime. inspectors visited six of the 13 CPS areas in england and wales, during a three-week period.
top-seed Kerber, 29, hits 38 unforced errors as she dominated. she also lost to belinda bencic at the fed cup earlier this month. china's Zheng plays canada's Eugenie Bouchard in the third round.
the 18 pilots left RAF manston in six torpedo bombers to try to stop three german battle cruisers in the channel. all of the planes were shot down and just five men survived. senior naval officers joined the channel dash association in the harbour to remember the 825
Cassini's latest data has led scientists to believe that Saturn's ice-crusted moon Enceladus may now be the single best place to go to find life beyond our Earth. it is the sixth largest moon of Saturn and is about 500 kilometres (310 miles) in diameter
the street party was part of the celebrations to mark the queen's official 90th birthday. the street parties were intended to bring people together while raising funds for local charities and community programmes.
actress Angharad rees dies aged 63 after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. she was married to the late Dynasty actor for more than 20 years. in addition to her acting success, she founded a jewellery design company.
Zoe Gregory, 26, is accused of sending a message claiming an explosive had been left at ormiston victory academy in costessey, on 9 February. the 16-year-old girl's home was raided and she was questioned over the threat by police.
the 23-year-old joined dover from Torquay for an undisclosed fee in 2016. he made eight appearances for dover last season, but finished the season on loan at welling united. Marsh is macclesfield manager John askey's 10th signing since
Chelsea were the standout team of the season - both in defence and attack. here are the players and the manager, who i thought excelled. united have a history of fielding great goalkeepers in the past.
the majority of the victims were in the US on work visas, on the J1 USA summer work and travel programme. Several others have been injured, some of them very seriously. the families of some of the students who died have arrived in the united states from Ireland.
ACT test was due to be held at 56 test centres in both south Korea and hong kong. administrators took the decision just hours before some 5,500 students were due to sit it. teachers at some of Seoul's private "cram schools" said they were not notified until about an hour
clause backing "common ownership of the means of production, distribution and exchange" was scrapped under Tony Blair in 1995. clause was seen by some as a symbolic step which made the party more electable in the post-margaret thatcher era. Jeremy corbyn says
Swansea drew 1-1 with west brom at the hawthorns on tuesday night. the result means the south wales side remain 16th in the premier league. former manager garry monk left the club on 9 December.
south Wales, Dyfed-Powys and north Wales forces all "required improvement" Gwent police was the only one ranked "good" by her Majesty's inspectorate of constabulary. the watchdog examined how effective forces are at protecting the vulnerable from harm
trainer Joe gallagher says fight was "last roll of the dice" three judges each ruled the fight 119-108 in Zeuge's favour. Zeuge won his third defence since he won the WBA title from italian Gioavanni de Carolis.
actor said he was "thrilled" to be asked to portray Tommy Butler in the drama. the drama will follow the heist from the perspective of its perpetrators. he said it would be "great fun" to play "a fascinating copper of the old school"
india has demanded an apology from the US over her alleged "humiliation" Ms Khobragade was arrested in new york on suspicion of visa fraud and making false statements. she was handcuffed and strip-searched after a complaint from her maid.
this is the first time that an english side of any age has been able to call themselves football world champions since 1966. the under-20 world cup is the biggest global tournament in youth football. lionel messi, luke shaw, and paul pogba have
the jury praised Ahmed Mansoor for regularly raising concerns about arbitrary detention. he could not collect the award in Geneva because of a travel ban. the award is named after the late lawyer who became the first head of amnesty international.
the chancellor will give an update on a number of government spending projects. the northern powerhouse idea is aimed at ending the UK's economic reliance on London. but the labour figures say there is now an added need, following the "wake up" call of the Brexit vote
the 25-year-old won the decider 6-2. he plays american Bjorn Fratangelo next.
council elections taking place in knowsley, sefton, st Helens and Wirral. in Liverpool, voters will also elect a city mayor.
Jacob McIntyre's body was recovered from the River Ericht at cally bridge. he had been reported missing from a property in the nearby Milton of Drimmie area. police say his family are "understandably upset at their tragic loss"
more than 73,000 people have so far backed the petition. it comes after a town in eastern france banned all pork substitutes in school meals. the mayor of Chalon sur Saone had earlier launched his own campaign on change.org.
a fumble by mayo keeper Robert Hennelly gifted Dublin a penalty which would have levelled the scores in injury-time. Lee Keegan's goal put mayo ahead midway through the first period but Dublin regrouped to lead 0-10 to 1-6 by half
a total of 98 refugees have now arrived in northern ireland since the conflict. the first group of Syrian refugees arrived in derry in december 2015. some of the refugees were at the north west regional college on Tuesday.
"a hero has appeared amongst us," says a spokeswoman for Russia's foreign ministry. the official, identified by Russian media as Andrei fomochkin, has had his accreditation for Rio cancelled. "it's seen as a political protest because he carried a
Gary green, 51, reversed into Harry Whitlam at Swithens farm, near Leeds. court told he had consumed the equivalent of 13 pints of beer before going to bed. he was jailed for 16 months and two weeks at Leeds crown court.
millar served his ban from 2004 to 2006 after admitting using blood-boosting agent EPO early in his career. the 39-year-old returned to the sport and has volunteered to educate Britain's young riders. millar won stages in road cycling's three most prestigious stage races
fire service said a controlled burn was taking place over fears water supplies could be contaminated. residents are concerned about "something toxic" in the air. MP for cannock chase Amanda milling also said it was "unacceptable" the fire was still burning.
officers searching 18 premises in London and one in Stoke-on-Trent. arrested men, aged between 22 and 51, are being held at police stations. anjem choudary is the former head of the Islamist group al-muhajiroun.
the "twisted light" approach relies on what is called light's orbital angular momentum. proponents say the idea can in time massively boost data rates. telecommunications firms are running out of "space" in the electromagnetic spectrum.
psychiatric disorders are the cause of 7% of all maternal deaths during pregnancy. perinatal mental health alliance says this isn't happening in many areas of the country. guidelines say women at risk of mental health problems should receive extra support.
the 27-year-old still had two years left on his existing deal at new road. he is the ninth player in five months to sign a new deal with Worcestershire. the county will be back in county championship division two in 2016.
community energy schemes are often small enterprises run by volunteers. business rates in england and wales are calculated by an independent body. the Welsh Government is in charge of how they are raised here.
the 26-year-old was sent off for a foul on Gaston ramirez during the 1-1 draw against middlesbrough on saturday. the FA rejected a claim of wrongful dismissal and excessive punishment. he will miss both legs of the semi-final
former prime minister will address supporters from his campaign headquarters. polls suggest that he may be eliminated in the first round of the presidential election in April. last month it emerged that his wife and two of his children were paid for non-existent parliamentary work.
23% of those surveyed admit to having been absent when perfectly healthy. fewer days were lost to sickness last year than any year on record. two-fifths of private sector employees worried workload would pile up if they were off sick.
council says cladding at Hanover house was not made of the solid aluminium panels ordered. issue was spotted during fire safety tests carried out in the wake of the grenfell tower blaze. councillor: "we will not stop until we get to the bottom of what happened"
shyam Acharya is accused of stealing a doctor's name and qualifications in india. he used the credentials to work in local hospitals between 2003 and 2014. new south wales (NSW) health said he also became an Australian citizen.
"he is representing his country's interests the way he thinks he needs to," the president says. "this can't be reduced to a matter of somehow let's all hold hands and sing 'Kumbaya'," he adds. israel denies
judge remands davina ayrton, 34, into custody and says she will be held at a male prison. he told the jury: "it's been a slightly unusual case and it's not been an easy case" the girl, aged 15 at the
prime minister david cameron wants to go further than create new punitive powers. government has already cut funding to Muslim groups suspected of harbouring extremist views. but research shows militants spread message through innovative ways that are harder to stop.
Lord Alderdice was speaking in the House of Lords as peers considered the government's Brexit bill. he said that Mrs may must not view the issue of the border as if she was still home secretary. former Northern Ireland secretary Lord Hain later withdrew his amendment.
universities will be asked to publicly justify how they can pay their heads more than the prime minister. annual study has shown a decreasing sense of value for money among students. there have been concerns about the rising costs of university in England.
Mongolian president says exporting fossils from his country is illegal. restraining court order in his name was put on the sale of the skeleton. the T. bataar is an Asian cousin of the meat-eating Tyrannosaurus rex.
Blackpool were knocked out of the EFL Trophy by Wycombe Wanderers in January. the chairboys keeper saved a penalty in normal time and one in a shoot-out. with four minutes left on the clock, he saved Brad Potts' spot-k
there were 1,820 patients waiting to be seen in may, compared to 916 in 2011. charity Mind Cymru said it was "very concerned" by the figures. the Welsh Government said more money was being ploughed into services.
equipment believed to have been taken from frenchay village hall, near bristol. defibrillators are used to deliver a shock to restart a patient's heart when they are in cardiac arrest.
AA president calls for extra funding for road repairs in chancellor's budget. he calls on local authorities to "get to grips with fundamental road maintenance" uk government says it is providing "unprecedented levels of investment"
the number of pedestrians and cyclists hurt in accidents fell by more than a third between 2012 and 2016. but the rate was lower in 20mph zones, the city council said. since 2014, a 20mph limit has been introduced on more than 1,000 roads in the city.
Craig has scored five goals in 35 appearances this season for the saints. the 30-year-old returned to the club after two years with hibernian in 2015. team-mates Zander Clark, Richard Foster, Joe Shaughnessy, Brian easton, David wotherspoon,
a report by the Fabian society said labour was "too weak" to take power without support. the report claimed the party was set to win fewer than 200 seats whether an election took place in 2017 or 2020. Ms Stevens rejected the idea of a "progressive alliance"
racing greyhounds are tattooed on their right ears, and it is believed the ear was cut off to destroy identification information. campaigners are offering a £2,000 reward for information after spotting a photograph of the dog's body on the internet. greyhound protection group Caged
beate zschaepe, 38, is accused of being part of the national socialist underground. she denies the murder charges, most of them of Turkish origin. her lawyers lodged a legal complaint with the judge, accusing him of bias. the case sparked controversy as
Univision had said it would not air the pageant because of what it called insulting remarks about Mexican immigrants. Mr Trump has accused Univision of stifling his freedom of speech in order to boost the democratic party frontrunner, Hilary Clinton.
"i apologise that my nerves got the better of me," the night manager star writes on facebook. hiddleston won his first Golden Globe on Sunday for his role in the BBC's adaptation of a novel. the show also picked up supporting actor prizes for Olivia colman
Newport council lent the developers £90m in a commercial deal to ensure the centre opened on time. there will be 30 new shops, about a dozen restaurants and an eight-screen cineworld multiplex cinema. the complex is estimated to create 1,200 jobs within its shops and restaurants.
reserve bank of india governor Raghuram Rajan hinted that using cheap money to tackle economic problems had to stop. he warned that more intervention by central banks now risked doing "more harm than good"
tax avoidance and evasion are very different things. it is very difficult to predict how much you can save by clamping down. john sutter says it is unlikely that voters will say it is the wrong thing to do.
at least 268 people are now known to have died and 400 were injured. prime minister Matteo Renzi has pledged â50m (£42m) in funds for rebuilding. hundreds of aftershocks have hampered the efforts of the 5,000 rescuers
memorial event will be attended by hundreds of emergency workers, police officers, paramedics and volunteers. it will come three months after a jet crashed on to the west Sussex air show. the right rev Dr Martin Warner will open the service at lancing college with a prayer for the victims.
chief constable shaun sawyer told PCC Tony hogg moving his office "sends the wrong signal" the commissioner said he would remain impartial and the cost would be repaid in four to five years. the disagreement emerged in an exchange of letters in 2014 seen by the BBC.
the package will offer concessional loans at interest rates pegged at 3.2%. some farmers in Queensland have not earned any income for three years because of drought. much of australia has received lower than usual amounts of rain this year.
jury rules neither sheriff's officials nor jailers committed a crime in their treatment of Bland. it has not yet been determined whether the police officer who arrested her should face charges. the family have denied that she was suicidal and have accused the jail of being "reckless"
nolan was a free agent after leaving blackpool, where he played 10 times last season. the 28-year-old made the majority of his career appearances at Scunthorpe. nolan has become Crewe's fourth signing of the summer.
2005 world champion took just 53 matches to record his win. he won the last three frames, the decider with a break of 108.
Berg suffered the injury while playing against Nottinghamshire in barbados. the 35-year-old will be assessed in the next two weeks to decide whether he will need an operation. "if there is an operation then you're looking at probably mid-season," said Benkenstein.
driver Henry McPherson, 61, from St Fergus, died after the accident in 2014. Pauline flynn, 36, denies causing death by careless driving. she allegedly crossed on to the opposite side of the carriageway.
bod yn edrych ymlaen at "ymuno â phobl Tyddewi", tra bod Archesgob Cymru, Dr Barry Morgan, wedi disgrifio'r achos
cox led the cumbrian side to seventh in the national league this season. the 45-year-old had been in caretaker charge of the side after Dave Jones left. cox has a sizeable buy-out clause, according to owner paul casson.
Mondelez says it plans to bring all Cadbury lines under its existing in-house fair trade scheme. critics warn this could confuse consumers, and that standards around ethical trade will be lost. the big question now is whether other firms will also choose to abandon Fairtrade.
the national critics book prize is open to writers of all nationalities whose work has been published in the US. sheri fink's account of the patients, staff and families who took shelter in new orleans' memorial hospital during the storm took the non-fiction prize.
Daniel Begg, 21, admitted culpable and reckless behaviour. fan struck avoided serious injury in incident at Pittodrie stadium.
thousands of police and security officers are expected to be deployed across the San Francisco Bay area. the use of drones from flying within 32 miles of the stadium has also been banned. protests erupted this week over plans to clear the streets of central san Francisco of its homeless residents.
doctors say it is too early to predict whether fabrice muamba will play football again. but doctor tobin said he is amazed by the 23-year-old's recovery so far. muamba suffered a cardiac arrest in bolton's FA cup tie with wanderers.
the man was found unconscious at a flat in caledonia court on Wednesday. he was treated at the scene and taken to galloway community hospital. police said there were no apparent suspicious circumstances.
Mercedes driver nico rosberg was 0.207 seconds quicker than team-mate bottas. red bull's daniel kvyat was fifth fastest on the same'soft' tyres used by the pair. world champion Lewis Hamilton drove in
Hans-ulrich obrist tops art review's annual power 100 list for second year running. he is followed by art dealers Iwan and manuela wireth, who dropped to number three. the 16-member international jury placed Chinese artist ai weiwei 10
pictures of men kissing the figure have gone viral on facebook and other social media. the energy giant said the acts went against local culture and its own values. one man who posted a four-minute video on facebook has reportedly apologised.
mae pob ysgol yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, i felyn, oren a choch.
vegetable oil is now so abundant and cheap that most of us use it liberally in our cooking. vegetable oil, specifically soy bean oil and palm oil, are two of the eight ingredients that are now estimated to provide a staggering 85% of the world's calories. the rise of vegetable oils and
willie williams takes two wickets to reduce Worcestershire to 213-6. Worcestershire still trail Kent by 27 runs with four wickets remaining. son George, 22, scores his maiden first-class half-century.
state media describe the missile emerging with "a fiery, blazing trail" the state department said using ballistic missiles was a "clear violation" of UN sanctions. south Korea said the North fired three anti-ship cruise missiles into the sea.
which? believes unsolicited calls have increased with arrival of pension freedom. one in every three people over 55 has been contacted about their pension without having requested it. information commissioner's office has stronger powers since last month.
the trial judge said the brothers had lied in part of their evidence. they were given a reduced sentence, three years instead of 22, for the murder of Tommy english in October 2000. the public prosecution service decided not to seek to have their original sentences re-imposed.
cosmetic lenses are available on the internet, in novelty stores or at market stalls. trading standards officers say lenses should be sold with an optician or medic present. lenses are used to change the colour of the eye, and are also known as zero-powered lenses.
people from Brazil, Albania, Nepal and Egypt were arrested following raids at Byron restaurants across London. Byron said it had been unaware workers had used fake papers until raids by the home office. people from brazil, albania, nepal and egypt were
Cole has signed a two-and-a-half year deal at the silverlake stadium. the 22-year-old joined from barnet in 2016. Tyler garratt's loan from league two leaders doncaster has been extended until 29 April.
Elisabeth Moss will reprise her role as detective Robin Griffin in the second series. the six-part series won an Emmy award for outstanding cinematography for a miniseries. top of the lake: china girl will pick up four years on from the ending of the first series
the profit was achieved on turnover of £152m, up from £117m the previous year. the firm makes financial analysis software used by investment banks all over the world. it was founded by Brian conlon in 1996 and floated on the stock market in 2002.
the 49-year-old admitted three counts of burglary and possession of a class b drug. he was jailed for 16 months and handed a criminal behaviour order. the order will run indefinitely after his release from prison.
the UK is the Irish Republic's largest trading partner, with one billion euros in weekly trade between the countries. Dublin has begun contingency planning in case the UK chooses to leave the EU. former prime minister bertie ahern says it would be "senseless" for the UK
justice secretary michael matheson has directed her Majesty's inspectorate of constabulary in Scotland to investigate the actions of undercover officers. a review is ongoing in england and wales, but the home office has refused to extend it to Scotland.
lazio fans have been found guilty of racist behaviour by Uefa four times during the current campaign. the two-match supporters' ban will start with their Europa League game against VfB Stuttgart on 14 march. Serie a club were fined £120,000 earlier this season following racist
the judge in Brooklyn denied a motion by the US justice department to get apple to unlock a phone in a drug case. in an unrelated case, the FBI wants Apple to unlock the iPhone of Syed Rizwan farook, who killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California in
fighting broke out between supporters and protesters at the university of Illinois at Chicago. clashes began more than an hour before the event was due to start. a police spokesman said the force had not recommended that Mr Trump postpone.
webb has not played since suffering a serious foot injury in a world cup warm-up. the 27-year-old says he is close to a return, giving him time to get fit. he has renewed his national dual contract with Ospreys and the Welsh rugby
girl suffers "extensive dog bite wounds to her face" in attack in Stoke-on-trent. her condition is "serious" but not thought to be life-threatening. the dog has been taken to specialist kennels.
french centre-back dorian dervite joined bolton from charlton in 2014. the 28-year-old made 14 appearances last season to help the club finish second in league one.
Southern Railway luggage van no 2464 has spent four months being stripped and repainted at Locomotion, the national railway museum in Shildon. the carriage transported Churchill's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. it will now move to the National Railway Museum in York as part of
artist Spencer Tunick photographed 3,200 people at locations around Hull on 9 July for the Sea of Hull project. the photos will be displayed alongside major works by Lucien Freud and Ron mueck in the Ferens' SKIN exhibition from 22 April.
the recordings were made using a phonograph machine between 1902 and 1917. they were found at the former home of David brown, Cromwell Wall's grandson. curators say the sound quality of the music recorded is outstanding.
Camilla long made claims about how often ukIP leader nigel farage had visited constituency. UKIP said that broke a law that bans false statements about candidates. the BBC said the show often made jokes at the expense of politicians.
the robotic tentacle has no rigid skeleton and can bend, stretch and switch between flexible and rigid states as required. its movement is driven by inflatable compartments and its stiffness by a central tube containing a specially selected granular medium: coffee. researchers hope to develop the device
the Flying Scotsman took to the heritage line after a decade-long, £4.2m refit. a total of 8,500 tickets were purchased for the sold-out locomotive service. the engine retired from service in 1963 and has been restored for the NRM.
eight people started fighting at the palace theatre in manchester on opening night. Georgina Lynn sixsmith, 48, has been charged with being drunk and disorderly. trouble began during the performance of Lord Of The Dance: Dangerous games.
radio pembrokeshire, radio carmarthenshire and radio ceredigion will be moved. the shows are currently broadcast from Narberth, near cowbridge. some staff have been made redundant, sources have told BBC Wales.
judge orders authorities to seize boats and other assets worth $156m. oil companies named in the case are not based in argentina. drilling for oil in the territorial waters around the Falklands began in 2010.
the famous cold war nuclear warplane crossed woodford aerodrome near stockport, where it was made in the 1960s. it will be grounded later this month after engineering backers withdrew support.
short-term risks in the gas market of things such as having to pay more for imports and security of supply are minimal, the report says. the £500m is actually made up of technical factors involving the electricity market. but the report is clear such costs could be avoided if the UK
the app can now identify up to 70,000 public figures by looking at images, video or an actual person. the BBC's Rory cellan-jones raised privacy concerns with the company's co-founder.
Matsuyama shot a six-under 66 in the final round to finish seven clear. his 29 birdies were three short of the PGA tour record score. the win will lift him to a career-high sixth in the world rankings.
coastguard received reports from an individual claiming to be in difficulty. two RNLI boats and a coastguard helicopter launched to assist in search. kayaker was reported to be near mew island, one of the copeland islands. alarm was declared a hoax following a
more than 40 new add-on apps have already been developed so far. it builds on a move to allow us-based users to send money to and from each other via Messenger. the firm also revealed plans to launch an associated service called Businesses on messenger.
india has overtaken china to take the top spot in the tables of international economic good health. the warm welcome is evidence of how the terms of trade between the two countries have shifted in recent years. 110,000 people are employed by Indian companies operating in the UK 13 Indian companies each employ more than 1,000
"specialised expeditionary targeting force" to assist peshmerga forces. operators would carry out raids, free hostages and capture IS leaders. u.s.-led coalition of 65 countries is conducting a campaign against militants.
US state department "very concerned" and urges authorities to stop "harassment" of staff. activists report that employees were prevented from leaving while searches continued. the US-based groups targeted include the NDI and the IRI.
forensic entomologists breed different species of fly in a bid to help the police solve crimes. by understanding the "succession rates" of flies from an egg to the larval then adult stage they can determine the likely time that person died. museum scientist is one of
a Porthcawl RNLI crew with a medic and the coastguard search and rescue helicopter were sent to Sker beach, near Kenfig nature reserve. crewman Chris page said the rider had head injuries and was very cold from lying unconscious on wet sand. she
the girl band was due to play a matinee and evening show at the SSE arena. the cancellation was announced just minutes after the doors opened for the afternoon show. mother Geraldine McLaughlin said her stepdaughter's birthday had been ruined by the news.
building at Capel-le-Ferne, in Kent, is due to open in 2015, in time for the battle's 75th anniversary. steel framework, intended to recreate the shape of the iconic fighter, is currently being installed. centre will tell the story of the battle over Kent and Sussex in
tries from Ryan atkins and Chris bridge give warrington 16-point lead at half-time. paddy flynn, paddy owens and rhys hanbury all score tries for the hosts. widnes hold on for the win in local derby
new breed of tech-led travel companies keen to expand south africa's tourism beyond traditional beaches and safaris. prevalence of smartphones and high-speed internet has opened up a wealth of new sightseeing options. South African company Gummie operates an online platform advertising dozens of unique experiences.
former ivory coast under-20 international spent three years at the Spireites. the 23-year-old has penned a two-and-a-half-year deal with the club. first-team coach Kevin nugent has left the o's after the arrival
the decline was the Nasdaq's biggest one-day fall since April 10 last year. it came despite shares in Kraft Foods soaring more than 35%. microchip maker AMD fell 5.7% following a broker downgrade.
hundreds of thousands of Sri Lankan women arrive in the middle east every year. many claim to be ill-treated, tortured, or not paid for the work. one mother-of-two says she was not paid by her employer for at least 15 years.
the ruling preserves the law known as Obamacare, which Mr Obama considers a major part of his presidential legacy. the case, known as King v Burwell, was the second major challenge the law has faced in the US's highest court.
great-grandfather escaped from custody in 1974 when he was facing firearms charges. he had been arrested in connection with the discovery of a weapons cache in the city. the judge told the court that although Tweed was younger when the offences were committed, that did not diminish their serious
pope shenouda died at the age of 88 on Saturday, after reportedly suffering from cancer. a crowd of mourners estimated to be larger than 100,000 spent the night outside the cathedral. the government has given Coptic Christians three days off work to prepare for his funeral.
police were called to Wingfield road, alfreton, at about 03:55 BST. the man had suffered head injuries and has not yet been formally identified.
party conferences are strange, intense, microclimates where what is said on the stage can be subsumed by our old friends, "events", however silly. sometimes those are the moments that shift opinion, or express a truth political parties don't want to contemplate.
england and wales drawn in same group for first major tournament in 58 years. 18-year-old manchester united star named in english squad three months ago. gareth bale joins up with the squad on Wednesday morning.
critics had tabled a proposal to let heterosexual couples enter into civil partnerships, if gay couples were allowed to get married. this was defeated by 375 votes to 70 after a five-hour commons debate. instead, MPs backed a labour plan to consult on changing civil
the building at cathays park was evacuated after a blaze broke out in a fume cupboard. access to most areas of the building will reopen on Wednesday.
leyton orient beat barnet 3-1 in their premier league clash at Brisbane road. defender Ricardo Santos scored a brace to put the visitors in control. Paul McCallum had halved the deficit before curtis weston sealed the points.
former addict says drug problem in Wrexham is not worse than in other towns. new psychoactive substances (NPS) are now the choice drug of many users. some users congregate together to take the drugs, making the problem more visible. Lisa says some users are left "zomb
main challenger in the national presidential election, Edward lowassa, said the problems in Zanzibar could be mirrored across the country. the elections are the most competitive in the country's history, with four opposition parties forming the Ukawa coalition. previous elections have turned violent
5,443 new posts were created in 2015-16 - a 7% increase on the previous financial year. almost 7,000 jobs were created or safeguarded by foreign direct investment during the same period. the report said the UK remains the most popular EU destination for overseas firms.
the attack on Khan sheikhoun in Idlib province was the most deadly in more than three years. it prompted a retaliatory missile strike against a Syrian air base. a joint UN and OPCW investigation will now investigate who was responsible.
ansar al-Sharia demanded the authorities release Islamist fighters from jail. the announcement came days after a series of suicide attacks by the group in southern Yemen. it had previously warned that it was going to launch attacks on the authorities.
Ian Domingo, from dumfries, had been in london for a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the campaign in which his grandfather was killed. his suitbag, containing badges commemorating service, was taken from the virgin service from Euston. he
wheelchair racer weir announces retirement from track racing. the 37-year-old said he would still be at the london marathon this year. he won four gold medals at the 2012 paralympic games in rio de janeiro.
the college said it had been operating with a "staff surplus" for several years. the decision "has no impact" on students, it said. a 30-day consultation has started to discuss the proposals.
investigation concerns the CCEA A2 business studies paper. details from the paper allegedly shared in advance on a private social media group. small number of pupils from two Belfast grammar schools are involved.
the singer-songwriter appeared on two of the festival's smaller stages. he played on the iArena on Friday night and the Other Voices stage on Saturday. sheeran played three sold-out solo shows at wembley stadium last week.
last weekend, the country was declared free of the virus that killed almost 4,000 people in the country over the past 18 months. he told the BBC's Richard Hamilton about his experiences in the civil war, which ended in 2002. at 15, he was kidnapped by the rebels
the 65-year-old said he was going to "miss it dreadfully" but there comes a point when things must end. he is one of several high-profile MPs who are standing down. theresa may announced on Tuesday she intends to call a snap
PSG lost their first league game since last march, but still have a 23-point lead at the top. Maxwell cornet opened the scoring, before Sergi darder added a second on half-time. zlatan Ibrahimovic had a shot saved by keeper Anthony Lo
the 29-year-old joined the Serie a champions from bari in 2010. he has since made 291 appearances for the azzurri. italy international had been linked to a reunion with former chelsea boss Antonio conte at the
Microsoft has just launched its first wearable health gadget, the band, in the us. similar products from Samsung and google are already on the market. by 2017 more than 1.5 billion people around the world will be using these apps.
mother Teresa died in 1997 and was beatified - the first step towards sainthood - in 2003. she won the Nobel Peace Prize for her work with the poor in the slums of india city of Kolkata. the miracle involved the healing of a Brazilian man with several brain tumours in
coastguard made the find at duck island near Culbin forest. bomb squad experts carried out controlled explosion on monday evening. the beach is understood to have been used for D-day landing training.
what car? magazine says prices of used VW models have not collapsed as might have been expected. VW cars which are three years old, or have done 36,000 miles, are typically worth 42.21% of their original value. across the industry as a whole, second hand values have fallen by 2%
the FBI has ordered apple to disable the security software on a dead murderer's iphone. mark Zuckerberg said he did not believe the authorities should have backdoors to bypass encryption protection. lawyer representing some of the gunman's victims has backed the federal bureau.
the remains of a woman named Hayati Lutfiah hamid were found on thursday. her body was buried at a ceremony attended by family and friends in surabaya. bad weather has continued to hamper the search for the missing plane.
Beauly will be the only representatives of the lower leagues in the semi-final draw at BBC Scotland's Pacific Quay on Monday 11 July. this follows a heroic 1-1 draw away to in-form Kinlochshiel in which Beauly held a lead for more than half the game
a third person has been arrested in the raid in verviers and weapons are reported to have been recovered. prosecutor Eric van der Sypt told reporters police had targeted a group returning from Syria. more than 300 people have left Belgium to fight with Islamic militant groups in Syria and Iraq.
£200 "monocular" has built-in laser illuminator to improve viewing in the dark. staff members who use the monocular will be uniformed and wear a badge. previous council schemes have involved people ringing a phone line to highlight the worst-hit areas
the floor was covered in beer and glasses and bottles smashed, Sam boulter said. he then saw a squirrel "staggering around" after coming out of a box of crisps. squirrel was "sozzled and looked a bit worse for wear, shall we
official surveillance watchdog said two un-named forces undertook such activities. police Scotland has refused to confirm or deny it is under investigation. motion from Scottish labour calls for "full transparency" from Scottish ministers.
Desmond Ricks was convicted of shooting a friend outside a restaurant in 1992. he was sentenced to at least 32 years in prison. his lawyers say homicide detectives switched bullets in his mother's gun. judge says he will not face a second trial
more than half of firms did not have the correct waste collection contracts in place. compliance officers visited 406 traders during the Our Edinburgh initiative. five businesses were handed a £200 fixed penalty notice.
families of two prisoners who died at HMP woodhill claim governor has not complied with PSIs. governor and the secretary of state say the judicial review claim is "neither appropriate or necessary" there were seven self-inflicted deaths last year, five in 2015 and 18 since
the Red Arrows is currently taking part in a 60-day world tour aiming to promote "the best of British", including its first ever display in china. there has been some uncertainty in recent years whether the team, based at RAF Scampton, would be retained.
mencap president urges speaker to push through legislation allowing those in his situation to be assisted to die. "my position has changed," he wrote to baroness d'souza. the crossbench peer voted against an Assisted Dying Bill in 2006. he
former england defender has signed a new contract at the etihad stadium. the 32-year-old's existing deal was due to expire at the end of the season. manager mark Hughes said it would be "foolish" to let a
former manchester city and liverpool striker balotelli protests at his treatment in a social media post. plea says: "we heard monkey noises in the warm-up and during the game. a few supporters insulted him the whole game." french governing body Ligue de football pro
five out of six (84%) of those who voted in the ballot backed walkouts. destinations on the line include London, Aberdeen, inverness and Hull. the two sides are in dispute over staffing changes.
Tommy Elphick has had surgery on his ankle and could face 10 weeks out. the former Brighton player last played for the Cherries in their 3-1 defeat at Norwich. striker callum Wilson has had an operation after he ruptured his knee. winger Ryan Fraser will receive treatment at
Chris Evans announced he was stepping down as a presenter on top gear. twitter users took to social media to comment about the number of recent high-profile resignations in politics and sport. some suggested a political figure should be considered for the post.
winter mortality was especially high for bees in Belgium (33.6%) and the UK (29%) but in spring-summer 2013 France was highest with 13.6%. the study, called Epilobee, described 10% as an acceptable threshold. there is also much concern about death rates among wild bee
nine Malaysians previously prevented from leaving North Korea have now arrived home. the two countries had been locked in a diplomatic row in the wake of Mr Kim's murder. north Korea reacted angrily when Malaysia refused to hand over the body without an autopsy.
the character's "sexualised" appearance was one element critics seized on. a petition against the selection gathered nearly 45,000 signatures. the UN did not explain why the project with Wonder Woman would end on friday.
the owner managed to escape the vessel and rowed himself ashore. he was later transferred to a hospital in glasgow for treatment.
former refugee council worker accused of verbally abusing a woman and three men. sheriff did not formally proceed to conviction of the 50-year-old in respect of the charges. he denied behaving in a racially aggravated manner intended to cause alarm and
emergency crews called to the scene on the town's bank street. the boy was taken to hospital, where his condition is believed to be serious.
interim review of Liverpool's green and open spaces suggests extra £4.50 contribution per person. proposal is one of 31 recommendations made in green activist Simon O'Brien's report. he warned that Liverpool was "heading to a brick wall" when it comes to maintaining open spaces
the ministry of information said it has "successfully jammed the signals" of the station. however, the BBC's abdussalam Ahmed in enugu says it is still broadcasting. it mainly broadcasts to the Igbo-speaking south-
former alcoholic Jimmy Carlson, 64, from north london, has been appointed OBE. he became homeless after he was discharged from the army in 1973. doctor Daniel moynihan, who runs 13 academies, has also been knighted
Boeing is one of many companies working to develop high powered lasers that can be used in military or defence scenarios. device was able to track and damage a free-flying drone during the trial in California.
the 18-year-old was found in Caldy walk, Islington, shortly after 18:00 bst. he died a short time later in hospital from a stab wound to the chest. two boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder and three others are being
the Crues will retain the Gibson Cup if they beat the Lurgan Blues on saturday. second-placed Linfield now trail the champions by eight points with four rounds remaining. Glenavon will hope to bounce back from last week's reverse at the hands of
ex-scotland international says several of his old team-mates are affected. 78-year-old believes it is as a result of heading heavy footballs in the 1950s and '60s. believes football as an industry should help ex-pros with care costs.
football, rugby union, cricket, tennis and speedway ice hockey. radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra.
oil painting of composer harry potter was commissioned by royal northern sinfonia. it was painted by renowned american artist Tim O'Brien. the portrait will be projected onto buildings around the orchestra's home towns of Newcastle and Gateshead.
500 self-service bikes will be located across the city from April 2017. a previous pilot scheme, which saw 70 bikes installed at 10 locations, ended in 2011. the council wants to secure a provider to supply, maintain and operate the scheme.
india beat Sri Lanka by 304 runs in the first test in galle. they declared 622-9 declared in their first innings. ajinkya Rahane and cheteshwar pujara both hit centuries.
the PGA tour said it could not find sponsors to hold the 2017 world golf championship at Mr Trump's Doral course in Miami. PGA commissioner Timothy finchem said the current profile had made it "difficult" to attract sponsors. luxury car maker Cadillac has reportedly not renewed its sponsorship
the SNP has been trying to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol since 2009. it wants to set the price of a unit of alcohol at 50p. this would mean the cost of the strongest ciders would more than double. supporters of minimum pricing believe the move is necessary to tackle the country's
parfitt died in hospital in marbella, spain, from a severe infection. he had suffered a series of health problems including a quadruple heart bypass. his partnership with status quo spanned five decades.
IPT will increase from 6% to 9.5% from sunday. motorists renewing a comprehensive policy will face an average rise of £13. the AA warned that young drivers - and motorists living in London - will be harder hit.
Tammy Abraham scored his 10th goal in 12 appearances for Bristol City. the 18-year-old is one of 38 players Chelsea have out on loan. qpr are yet to score from open play in the championship this season.
the Betfred cup gets into full swing on saturday, with 15 more games. motherwell face queen's park in group f, while hibs host montrose. defender efe ambrose will miss the match after arriving back at training late.
the proposal is made in the Scottish government's Higher Education Governance Bill. it aims to improve the way universities - fiercely protective of their independence from the state - are governed. the bill has caused the most controversy is for directly elected chairs for university courts.
midfielder Peter Whittingham has an offer on the table. the 32-year-old's current contract is due to expire this summer. manager Neil warnock has made it clear he will give the player time to mull it over.
the jack up unit is expected to arrive at the field's Charlie platform over the weekend. it is to be used in the plugging and abandoning of wells and a clean-up of the field. full decommissioning could take place between 2024 and 2027.
defending champion selby through to quarter-finals of the world snooker championship. the 33-year-old beat xiao guodong 13-6 in the second round. he will play either marco fu or Neil Robertson in the last eight
investigators began a preliminary inquiry into reports she earned €500,000. the newspaper has questioned how much work she did for the money. both the centre-right candidate and his Welsh-born wife deny any wrongdoing.
Argyle claim one of their ball boys was "shoved to the ground" in 86th minute. incident was not seen by match officials, but was caught on video. the FA claim that the standard punishment, a three-match ban, would be "clearly insufficient
the 21-year-old had been at hednesford town on loan this season. has experience in the fifth tier with southport and wrexham. Guiseley are currently five points from safety.
the 8ft guitar statue has been erected in east park, where he worked as an attendant. he gained musical fame working with David bowie in the 1970s. councillor says sculpture is "fitting tribute" to musician who died in 1993.
the device was stolen during the band's concert at sunderland's stadium of light. northumbria police found the phones at a house in Whitley bay hours later. a 25-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of theft.
incident happened at the Gipsy Lane level crossing, near Ipswich at about 14:00 BST. woman was struck by the Liverpool street to Norwich service, officers said. paramedics were called to the scene but the woman was pronounced dead.
the 53-year-old entertainer from donegal said nerves had impacted his performances. he became the third celebrity to leave the competition at the weekend. his partner Kristina Rihanoff faced sports presenter Kirsty Gallacher and Brendan Cole.
there are eight contenders to become the next 'psychic' octopus for the women's world cup. one of them is five-month-old frenchie lola, who lives at the sea life centre in Munich. the eight will attempt to predict the winner of the
former Chesterfield first team coach replaced Ashley hoskin as manager in October 2015. the seagulls managed four league wins under Lynch but are nine points from safety. captain Carl rodgers and Luke denson will take charge for home game against Mickleover.
190 competitors from countries including Russia, the USA and Japan took part in the event in southwick, northamptonshire. since 1965, the event has raised about £400,000 for blind and visually impaired charities. preparations had been tough this year because of a shortage of decent conkers
sofa seen perched in the boot of a car on the a140 in long Stratton, Norfolk. police found it was tied in by a loose, thin, suitcase-like strap. driver given a traffic offence report notice and may face more action.
spooky-looking nEUROn is being developed by a consortium of six nations. it could be the future of combat aircraft, displacing the need for a pilot. a number of experimental "superdrones" have already been built.
Greek street in soho, london, is one of the world's most famous nightclubs.
u.s. ambassador to the human rights council criticises council's anti-Israel bias. Nikki haley says resolutions passed against israel but not on Venezuela. she also says not enough has been done to criticise Iran, a "country with an aby
the Church of England will sell investments worth £12m in firms where more than 10% of revenue comes from extracting thermal coal or the production of oil from tar sands. the church said it had a "moral responsibility" to protect the poor, who were the most vulnerable to climate change
Swansea's owners alarmed by club's predicament but have no immediate plans to sack manager. american owners Steve Kaplan and Jason Levien were at the Liberty Stadium for the Liverpool game. former united states coach Bob Bradley and former manchester united captain Ryan Giggs are
alejandro domeinguez diverts Giannis maniatis's effort into the opposite corner before the break. Joel Campbell's precise shot doubles the lead before Robin van persie blazes over the top late on. united register just one shot on target in a
the attack on the pathankot base near the Pakistani border is seen as an attempt to derail recent peace moves by Pakistan and india. five militants and seven Indian soldiers have so far been killed during four days of fighting. a senior security official told a press conference that all families living on
the woman, named only as uzma, was escorted across the border by Indian officials. she has accused her husband, Tahir Ali, of torturing her. he denies the allegations.
the turnout for the constituencies involved exceeded 70%. the SNP's Angus MacNeil held his seat in Na h-Eileanan an Iar. former lib dem leader Charles Kennedy said it was the "night of the long sgian dubhs"
the constitutional court will decide whether he can be dismissed. he has been in office for 16 months. it was hoped his election would end years of political unrest.
england captain cook bats for 836 minutes for 263 - the longest ever by an englishman. it is the third-longest innings by time in test history, and the longest by a englishman. cook eventually falls to off-spinner Shoaib malik
the city's three further education colleges have joined a national pay bargaining system. lecturers at other colleges across Scotland are due to strike on Tuesday and Wednesday. the lecturers may now be balloted to decide if they join future action in the wider pay dispute.
the prime minister and the chancellor have made clear they would only take military action in Syria if there was a consensus here in the UK. but just a couple of weeks ago, an unmanned British drone did drop a missile on a group of so-called IS fighters in Syria
the inflatable castle is taller than the great wall of china and can be used by 100 people. there is currently no record for the world's biggest bouncy castle. Common people features Duran duran, Primal Scream, Craig David and public enemy.
the item was discovered in a bin at vere foster walk on Wednesday. it is understood that it is not linked to the police investigation into a shooting at a petrol station in north Belfast on Sunday.
the maximum penalty would have been 15 years each, but the judge said he took into account the boys' youth. the girl, Yuyun, went missing on 2 April on her way back from school. her body was found in undergrowth two days later by villagers.
killings thought to have taken place last year on a ranch in the state of michoacan. one police officer and 42 suspects were killed in the raid in may last year. officers said they had returned fire in self-defence but the high death toll aroused suspicions
six-digit codes used to identify travellers are easy to guess. flaws could be exploited by bombarding reservation systems with queries. airlines and travel agents should move quickly to protect traveller data.
94% of officers believe morale in the service is low or very low, survey finds. former rail regulator Tom winsor called for the abolition of allowances and special payments. reforms, including a £4,000 cut in starting salaries, introduced by theresa may in 2013
two converted tries from Jamie peacock and one for Ash handley gave Leeds a four-point lead. Lama tasi and Niall evalds replied for Salford in the second half. a Zak hardaker try on the hour, followed by
the city centre road was made pedestrians only during the redevelopment of the westgate shopping centre. now Oxfordshire county council has agreed to continue the policy when the centre reopens because of the predicted increase in pedestrians. the "experimental traffic order" still has to be signed off
twenty hostages and two police officers died during a 12-hour siege. militants stormed a cafe in the capital city of Dhaka on friday. ECB said "safety and security of players was always paramount"
chief executive of Liverpool city council and leader of the conservatives at lancashire county council held. investigation looking into financial irregularities at Lancashire council. mayor of Liverpool says chief executive has not been suspended or faced any disciplinary process.
prime minister will meet Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy in Madrid on monday. he will then travel to Paris for a working dinner with french president francois Hollande. the prime minister is facing resistance from France and germany over his plans to create fresh EU agreements.
Torquay beat Solihull for the first time in nine matches on tuesday. but manager steve nicholson was unhappy with the attitude of the team. the Gulls have not beaten Tranmere since 1998, having lost the last three matches
Titan Arum produced a bud several weeks ago, which has recently been growing at several centimetres a day. it will be the first time the so-called "corpse flower" has ever blossomed in Scotland. staff at the Botanic Garden said "it'
fury to fight Klitschko at the Manchester arena on november 14. the 28-year-old was charged by the UK anti-doping agency in June. a provisional suspension was lifted pending an independent investigation. fury has denied any wrongdoing and
bodies of three men found in ditches 10 miles apart in newborough and thorney. all three had been stabbed. Joanna Dennehy, 31, pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey earlier. she admitted killing Mr Slaboszewski between 19 and
Tekever says technology could be used to enable people with restricted movement to pilot aircraft. the firm adapted existing electroencephalography technology so it could issue instructions to the software. "pilots" are said to be able to teach their brain how to think about moving a small circle on
Coleman & company had been working at the site for two years before the collapse. demolition company lost its contract in October. debris from the part of the building brought down in a controlled explosion still remains.
official election results will be announced in may. PDI-P secured about 19% of the vote, unofficial tallies show. support for the ruling party of Indonesian president fell by half.
AB InBev's brands include Budweiser, Stella artois and Corona, while SABMiller produces peroni and Grolsch. if the deal, worth about £70bn, goes ahead, the newly-created firm will make about 30% of the world's
the governing body will invest £125m to improve existing community facilities. only 7% of Britain's 23,000 courts have covers and one in seven park courts have floodlights. the initiative has been tried out on a trial basis in 10 towns and cities, including Sheffield.
the south west is set to get £19.1m of the £60m annual fund. the money will be distributed to "community-led" groups. there were 340,000 second homes in England in 2013/14 - a rise of 98,000 in five years.
four of the best poker players in the world are matched against an artificial intelligence program. the program, Libratus, has been developed at Carnegie Mellon university. scientists hope to set a new benchmark for artificial intelligence.
virgilio correia, 35, will serve at least 16 years in prison for the murder. Christopher menaul, 27, received a further 12 years for wounding with intent. the judge said the murder had been carried out by "drug-addled ass
the attack was centred on al-Assad hospital, west of the city. government forces retook the hospital after several hours, reports say. the fate of the hostages is unclear.
wife says she is "utterly shocked" by the court's decision. pham minh hoang admitted belonging to an opposition group. but he said his writings were not aimed at overthrowing anyone.
the second round of group games include must-win matches for England, against Uruguay, and Spain, who face Chile. before the tournament, Lawro picked his two teams to go through from each group and reach the knockout stage. he is backing argentina to win the tournament and lift
combined takings from streaming, downloads, physical sales and licensing rose 5.1% to £926m. revenue from physical formats dipped below £300m last year. streaming revenues jumped more than 60% in 2016, and accounted for close to a third of label revenues.
lawsuits claimed that the lift-hailing app was charging a "safe ride fee" but not carrying out adequate background checks on its drivers. the settlement requires court approval and applies to journeys booked in the US between 1 January 2013 and 1 January 2016.
lion believed to have escaped from the park near the small town of Beaufort west. officials believe a hole formed under the fence after a heavy flow of water. a tourist was killed last week by a lion at a game park near Johannesburg.
a floor stone dedicated to poet Philip larkin will be unveiled on 2 December 2016. it will join the names of the country's best-loved poets including WH auden and TS Eliot. the last poet to be honoured was Ted Hughes in 2011
Stephen Hough, 58, from Flint, was convicted of manslaughter, rape and sexual assault. he admitted sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in 2016. his DNA matched samples found on Janet's body, prompting his arrest
no clear reason was given for the sackings, but analysts say the two leaders have been embroiled in a power struggle for months. local reports say Mr Kiir is battling to maintain control of the SPLM, the former rebel group that now runs the country. there is
unmanned cargo ship was launched from Kazakhstan on tuesday, but contact was lost soon afterwards. the craft is now orbiting in an uncontrolled spin and cannot reach the ISS. it is likely to re-enter Earth's atmosphere some time between 5 and 7 may
the border with Syria is only a few miles across the hill rising above the camp. one man tells cnn he is on the brink of following those who have made the perilous exodus. there are rats, the drinking water is dirty and the snow is 3f
man, 61, and woman, 49, died when yacht ran into trouble on monday. a 66-year-old man, also from the republic of ireland, made it ashore and raised the alarm. rescue teams discovered the yacht broken up among rocks on the shore
a number of homes were inundated in Gorleston and nearby Bradwell. the flooding followed a 90-minute downpour.
sox the cat was found under a car in the city's Kirkton area in march. she was making unusual noises and suffering from hypothermia. her owner took her to the vet but the cat died the following day.
the team is associated with the angels, a major league team in california. "our goal in this promotion, like any of our promotions, is to have fun," the team said. on friday, "caucasian heritage night" quickly became a top trending
Natalie Hemming, 31, of Newton leys, was reported missing on Tuesday. a 42-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the investigation. police said her disappearance was "out of character" and they are still trying to locate her.
singer Lorde said she had to be hooked up to an IV drip. she was praised for showing up to the show, comfy trainers and all. other stars have battled on regardless of illness.
red Ford fiesta collided with a white delivery van at Drumjohn, near carsphairn. the van driver, 46, was taken by ambulance to ayr hospital where he died a short time later. the Fiesta driver, 50 year old Antony S
Leicester are currently languishing near the foot of the premier league table. but they are through to the last 16 of the champions league, where they will meet sevilla for a place in the quarter finals. one hotelier believes the impact of Richard III is slowly wearing off.
middlesex reach 407-9 at stumps despite losing four wickets for 39 runs. despite a middle-order wobble, Paul stirling (85) played solidly.
former prime minister Tony Blair has not apologised for his decision to go to war in Iraq. former pm Gordon brown has said he would learn lessons from mistakes made. yvette cooper has called the war "wrong" but said respect should be given to those who made difficult decisions
the party were travelling to dartmouth when they got into difficulty. RNLI spokesman said the group were "cold but otherwise unhurt"
an adventure in space and time will tell the story of the formation of the sci-fi drama. the one-off drama will be shown as part of doctor who's 50th anniversary. actor bradley said he was "absolutely thrilled" to be offered the role.
the commission has been examining whether funding for the £16bn plant broke state aid rules. anti-nuclear campaigners have called the commission's decision a "u-turn" a final decision is expected in October.
the couple, from Halstead, suffered "life-changing" injuries during "two hours of torture" the woman remains in a critical condition and the man is still being treated for his injuries. three men fled the scene with a "quantity of cash" at about 23:00.
built in 1855, it was home to assembly rooms and a court. the work is being funded by a £2.3m lottery grant.
home secretary theresa may wrote to cabinet colleagues in December seeking approval to "reduce significantly" one type of stop and search. critics say the policy unfairly targets the black community. downing street said the prime minister accepted reforms needed to take place.
former carrick boss haveron takes charge of Glentoran on saturday. the scottish club are 10th in the table after taking just one point from a possible 15. champions crusaders host north Belfast rivals Cliftonville at seaview
members of the Clwyd North division are against the changes at Glan Clwed hospital. clinical staff could be transferred to Ysbyty Gwynedd and wrexham maelor hospitals. doctors say the decision to withdraw obstetric and gy
Dee beat the Highland league champions 2-0 at dens park on saturday. goals in each half from Faissal El Bakhtaoui and sofien moussa secured victory. manager McCann was less than impressed by the performance.
Slovakia was part of Czechoslovakia until the "velvet divorce" in 1993. it joined the EU in 2004 and the eurozone in 2009. andrej kiska was elected president in 2014. he won a run-off election against the country's social
Barker is set to start training with Burton after undergoing minor knee surgery. the 33-year-old has not played competitively since dislocating his knee in march 2012. he captained the championship club under former manager crough.
the pavilion and green from billingham's John whitehead park are to form part of the 1950s town in beamish open air museum. visitors will be able to try their hand at bowls and discover stories of the popular leisure pursuit and wider community life. the £10.7m
england beat belgium 2-0 in their final euro 2016 qualifier in leuven. nikita parris gave the hosts the lead with a header after the break. Karen carney doubled the visitors' advantage after a deflected strike
google has shut down its internet drone project Titan in early 2016. the solar-powered vehicles were designed to bring the internet to remote rural areas. reports alleged that Titan was facing technical difficulties and was running out of money.
Joseph mensah was arrested on suspicion of assault on Sunday. he was transferred to Manchester royal infirmary with leg injuries. police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
dr. franklin pandridge was born on 3 October 1916 in county down, northern ireland. he studied medicine at queen's university, Belfast, qualifying in 1939. during world war two, he was posted to the far east as medical officer to an
Cuba claimed the first six bouts to seal a second WSB title in three years. the lionhearts were outclassed by their Cuban opponents. but british super heavyweight frazer Clarke beat leinier pero in the final bout.
Hull KR coach James webster describes his side's performance as an "utter embarrassment" part-timers oldham outscored them six tries to five, while lepori's second try secured victory. batley bulldogs also through to sixth round after 28
human rights activists say they have documented systematic abuses at the prison. a special wing used to hold political prisoners, academics, intellectuals and journalists. many commentators on news websites and social media were critical.
accident happened on the a701 howden hall road in Kaimes. woman taken to edinburgh royal infirmary.
Kabeer hassan and another man, aged 59, convicted of grooming girls for sex. chief prosecutor Nazir afzal says he regrets "wrong decision" was made. he said he would have prosecuted even if
there are about 500 deaths a year in the UK from cardiac arrest among the under-30s. underlying cause of such deaths are likely to be inherited rather than a reflection on their fitness. many sports in the uk regularly screen top athletes, although it is not mandatory.
Radio 1's audience fell by 3.2% in the last three months of 2016 compared with the previous quarter. capital saw its listenership drop by 3.1%, while the kiss network saw its share fall by 3.5%. the figures also show Radio 4's Today programme recorded its highest ever audience
Duns Scotus was born in the town of Duns around 1266. he was considered by some to be a precursor of other major philosophers. the festival hopes to bring the importance of his works to a new audience.
Tedesco took charge of second-tier FC Erzgebirge aue last season. he guided them to survival and has signed a two-year deal at schalke. the 29-year-old has extended his deal with hoffenheim until 2021.
fans set off fireworks during the 1-1 draw in group a at the sukru Saracoglu stadium in Istanbul on 10 December. Celtic were also charged with improper conduct after five players were booked. it is the third match in a calendar year that has resulted in the club being
path at pontcysyllte aqueduct will close between 09:00 GMT and 15:00 from Monday until 17 february. towpath will be open outside these hours from Monday to Saturday and all day on Sundays. repair work is needed on the parapet of the
all 42 of the SPFL's member clubs are expected to take strict disciplinary measures. home clubs are responsible for "good order and security" during matches. clubs are also urged to step up efforts to identify culprits.
Maoists are also known as "Naxalites" because of the violent left-wing uprising in 1967. they have asserted control over vast swathes of land in central and eastern india. more than 6,000 people have died in the rebels'
the human body has around 40 trillion cells, each with a highly specialised function. each can trace its history back to the same starting point - a fertilised egg. developmental biology is the business of unravelling how the genetic code unfolds.
the 37-year-old can win a 17th title when she rides in Saturday's road race. storey finished more than two minutes ahead of Poland's Anna Harkowska. she is targeting further success at next year's paralympics in Rio de janeiro
68-year-old was convicted in march over a real estate deal that took place while he was mayor of Jerusalem. he accepted a 500,000-shekel ($145,000; £86,000) bribe from developers. judge said his crimes involved "moral
a spaceport, driverless cars and a british bill of rights are among the proposals. eu out campaigners criticised the absence of a promised sovereignty bill. but david Cameron said it was a "bold" and "radical
a 12-year-old boy was snatched by a crocodile while swimming in a water hole. police say neither of the two crocs appeared to be the attacker, and that the search would continue. another boy was also mauled by the
england face the Swiss in their first competitive match since their world cup exit. the game is the start of England's qualifying for the 2016 european championships. hodgson's side will play a further nine Group E games over the next 13 months.
more than 60 people took their own life in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire last year. the technology is aimed at being a stepping stone to specialised support. choose life is behind "prevent suicide - northeast Scotland"
officers found 20,000 tyres when they visited the site at seacoast road, bellarena, near Limavady, last year. the site was owned by Gregory Allen and rented by David McCullough. a formal notice to remove the waste was not complie
chasing 268 in the first innings, australia were all out for 161, their innings finishing with a record 154 consecutive deliveries without a run. mendis' superb 176 and 5-54 from herath proved decisive. the second Test of the three-match series takes place in
at least 21 people were killed by the storm, with the eastern island of Samar worst hit. the city of Tacloban, which bore the brunt of super typhoon Haiyan last year, has emerged relatively unscathed. families are packing into small military trucks, holding
Rankin will play for Ireland in the intercontinental cup against papua new guinea. the 31-year-old last played for england in january 2014. he dropped out of favour with the country he switched to in 2012.
real madrid beat Espanyol 2-0 in their la liga clash on sunday. it was the 16th straight victory for the european champions. manager Zinedine Zidane is on the verge of breaking the all-time record.
the ECB has announced changes to the county championship schedule. less cricket, a change of numbers in the two-division structure and a Lord's final. the aim is to ensure that cricket retains its popularity beyond the current ageing generation.
the market cross in Ilchester was knocked down after being hit by a car on friday. a 28-year-old man was arrested by police in the early hours on suspicion of drink driving. the cross is a Grade II-listed building, which dates from about 1795
as a french overseas territory, it has the same political status as other departments in mainland France. the island's capital of Saint-Denis is home to one-fifth of the population. tourism and financial aid from Paris help underpin the economy.
Rex Tillerson says the US will consider working with Russia in some areas. but the administration will stand up for its own interests, he says. defence secretary says the u.s. is not ready to collaborate militarily with Moscow. questions are raised about the Trump team's dealings
rose fires five birdies and two bogeys to sit at seven-under and tied for third. world number five fowler recorded six birdies in nine holes. american Roberto Castro is in second after dropping a shot on the last hole.
Hibs have started the process of appointing a new boss. englishman has signed a three-year deal with championship side Rotherham. the 44-year-old says it was a "really difficult decision" to leave hibernian.
inaugurated in 1984 during the era of Saddam Hussein, the dam today is falling into disrepair. budget shortfalls due to the slump in oil prices and political rivalry have hampered repairs. half the workforce has left the dam for other jobs on account of
79-year-old west ham chairman sent a tweet by a prankster. asked to spread awareness of a "missing" fan. fan turned out to be winger michail Antonio.
gammon joints, 700 pigs in blankets, cash and four charity boxes also taken. butcher mark Griffiths, 62, said: "for some families their whole Christmas spread has been taken" he said he was in talks with wholesalers to try to replace what was stolen
two-time australian open champion won 6-3 4-6 7-6 (9-7) at the Mallorca open. it was the 27-year-old's first match since losing at the french open in 2016. azarenka was a game away from defeat when play was suspended on Tuesday
the Rhinos have been training across the city of Leeds since the river aire burst its banks at christmas. all seven training pitches and the main building at the Kirkstall site were contaminated by flood water at the end of December. the site is shared with rugby union side Yorkshire Carnegie.
police say a wood-burning stove was in use at the hut. other possible causes are still being investigated. a neighbour said his daughter had been celebrating her 18th birthday.
transparency international accuses western governments of ignoring corruption. report argues IS took advantage of corruption to radicalise and recruit people. calls on them to press far harder for accountability in military budgets.
Ferrari's sebastian vettel won the season-opening australian grand prix. the german beat teammate mercedes' nico rosberg by a narrow margin. ferrari hope to turn the tables at the chinese grand prix on sunday.
scientists had dubbed an "energy crisis" for gas giants like Jupiter. temperatures in their upper atmospheres soar much higher than can be explained by solar energy. researchers suggest the hotspot is created by thunderous soundwaves "breaking"
governing body take decision to switch the club's membership to OK bulls Ltd. the decision was taken after Khan's group bought the club from the administrators in august. no decision has yet been reached on what division the Bulls will compete in next season.
Riders will play Sheffield sharks in the bbl play-off final on sunday. the league winners have already won the trophy and the league title. coach Rob paternostro says his team are fired up ahead of the final.
Souleymane Coulibaly gave the home side the lead after 16 minutes. the striker curled a shot in from distance wide on the right. Steven Smith then added a sublime second to seal the points.
the UK is the fattest EU member and has one of the highest rates of teen pregnancies. life expectancy figures in the UK are slightly better than for EU counterparts. the west Midlands had the highest percentage of obese adults at 29%.
police open fire as a car tries to crash through the barriers at place de la concorde. a 16-year-old male says he was at the wheel, and a woman in hospital with bullet wounds is also thought to have been in the car. two men and two
sales volumes increased by 1.7% in November from the month before. compared with the same month last year, sales were up by 5%. but it is "too early" to say whether black friday was really a success for retailers.
two-year-old Mandarin princess, trained by Charlie McBride, was declared winner of Thursday's 13:40 race at great yarmouth. scan afterwards identified the horse as stablemate millie's kiss, who had been due to run in a later race at the same
Lord O'Donnell said it would take Parliament "years and years and years" to separate fully from Brussels. he later told the BBC he did not think the EU would make the radical changes needed for the UK to remain a member. handling Brexit would be an "unprecedented
about 100 people were in the four-storey building at the time, including machine operators and guards. the blast was caused by an explosion in the boiler room, at the start of the working day. firefighters are struggling to bring the blaze under control.
"the worst can always happen," says french president francois Hollande. most of the 50,000 inmates were french resistance fighters, but also included Jews and gypsies. by the time of its liberation, almost half the prisoners had died.
US student Sanmayved bought the right to control the domain on 29 September. the oversight allowed him in charge of google.com for about a minute. google caught on and cancelled the transaction, giving him a cash reward.
10,000 strikers and 5,000 police officers clashed at the coking plant near Rotherham in June 1984. more than 120 officers and pickets were injured and 93 people arrested. the IPCC ruled a full report into allegations of police misconduct will not be made public
inverness drew 2-2 with motherwell in the scottish championship on saturday. Iain Vigurs scored a penalty for the visitors after a foul on Ross Draper. motherwell move up to fourth in the table if partick thist
the 83-year-old philanthropist is the founder of the Atlantic Philanthropies. his foundation has made grants totalling $6.5bn (£3.9bn) since 1982. he traces his family history back to County Fermanagh in northern Ireland
the filton and Bradley Stoke MP left his wife for fellow MP Andrea Jenkyns, who gave birth to their son in march. an anonymous letter sent to party members in the constituency earlier this month said there were "many of us who feel very strongly that Mr Lopresti is not representing our constitu
Kabali, a gangster drama, has raked in some $30m (£20m) in film rights sales. it will also be dubbed in Telugu, Hindi and malay. in Chennai and Bangalore, some companies have declared a holiday on friday
police were called to a brothel in crystal, nevada, after he was found unresponsive. the 35-year-old was too tall to be airlifted in a helicopter to hospital. he played for the us in the 2004 athens Olympics, winning
the EU's 60th birthday celebrations take place this weekend. theresa may has announced the date it will officially trigger the Brexit process. but next Wednesday will not play out so big this side of the channel. the rule in Brussels is: don't expect too much too fast. ever
wiggins' medical records were leaked by the 'fancy bears' hacking team. records show he was given permission to take two banned substances. one of the substances, triamcinolone, was taken for an allergy to pollen. the 2012 tour de france
1,600 spiderlings were hand-reared in the kitchen of project leader. they are hybrids between species found in Sussex and Suffolk. project was organised by natural England and Suffolk Wildlife trust.
the candidate thought most likely to become president, Htin Kyaw, is a close aide. despite a huge win in the election, Aung San suu Kyi failed to convince the army that her destiny was the presidency. under the clause she cannot be leader as her son
Brittany wenger wants to become a paediatric oncologist and research scientist. her cousin was diagnosed with breast cancer, inspiring her to put her talents to medical use. she created an artificial intelligence software program to analyse breast tissue biopsy data. the breast cancer programme is being tested in two
state-run television is re-running programmes made during the north-south civil war. programmes urge "jihad" against "the enemy" - namely, south Sudan's ruling party. activists within Sudan are using social media to question the official line.
nearly one in 10 people in south cave expressed opposition to the plans. the developer wants to build on land off little Wold lane. south cave parish council has also objected to the proposal.
the number of european workers in the UK workforce has risen by 224,000 in the past year. supporters of the vote leave campaign said the latest numbers were evidence of "uncontrolled migration" but the prime minister's office said the broader point was that the UK economy was growing.
the 76-year-old won the £25,000 prize for his painting squint (19) at the Walker art gallery. judge ansel Krut said the work was "quite extraordinary", even though it was a "difficult painting to look at". Simpson said
police have said they obtained an order from the Federal high court to hold him for three months to enable them carry out investigations. police spokesman, chief superintendent Jimoh Moshood said that the suit was "mischievous"
paterson among players to miss great chances as northern ireland lose 2-0. jonny Evans sent off for a crude foul, with mahir shukurov netting the free-kick. manager Michael O'Neill faces the challenge of lifting a depleted squad
finance committee to investigate £1bn sale of Nama's northern ireland loan portfolio. committee chairman daith McKay said they had written to michael noonan asking him to ensure Nama appeared at the inquiry. committee postponed its first hearing of
the flooding was caused by a burst water main on coombe road. Thames water said it could not estimate how many people were affected. police and fire brigade attended the scene, while trains were not stopping.
palace spokesman denies there is any official plan for the monarch to abdicate. unnamed government source: emperor has been contemplating the move for a year. palace and government sources say the Imperial Household Law would have to be revised.
environment minister says drilling could have significant impact on environment. protesters hold ecumenical service at the gates of the quarry. the aim of the borehole was to check if there was enough gas in the area.
party leaders in the assembly have questioned the idea on the grounds of democracy and accountability. the accountants' organisation said scrutiny of Welsh legislation was suffering due to "significant workloads for politicians shifting from Westminster to Cardiff Bay" involving MPs in assembly business might be "confusing" to voters, according to
universities fear losing research funding, students and staff in the event of a "hard" Brexit. some universities are considering expanding into Europe as a way around the problem. universities also worry that they would find it harder to recruit students from EU countries.
scientists found link between long daytime naps and a 45% increased risk of diabetes. long naps could be a result of disturbed sleep at night, potentially caused by sleep apnoea. sleep deprivation, caused by work or social life patterns, could also increase
GB needed to finish in the top three to secure a spot at next year's Pyeongchang qualification tournament. but in the play-off in japan they were comprehensively beaten 5-1 by Slovakia. GB had lost heavily to the Czech Republic and Japan in their first two
Daniel Rooney was 18 when he and a friend were shot by MRF soldiers firing from an unmarked car. eyewitnesses dispute this, consistent with forensic tests on Rooney and his friend that suggested neither youth was armed. the PSNI want to see if the bullet
The Blade Artist has been shortlisted for the fiction book of the year award. it features the return of trainspotting character Begbie. the winner will be announced in Edinburgh on 24 November.
former Nottingham forest striker Robert earnshaw admits he tried harder in derby games. the 33-year-old scored five goals in seven appearances for his former club. he also scored two goals in a 5-2 derby victory at the city ground in january.
typical home in the east increased in cost by 8.3% in the year to end of July. prices in London rose by 5.5%, slightly lower than the average in England of 5.6%. analysts suggest that the time of double-digit price rises in London is over for now.
last year 17% of all london's registered nursing jobs were vacant. hospitals initially offered subsidised accommodation to new staff. as staff settle down they are tempted by the lower cost of living outside the capital.
the 26-year-old has tweeted that she can "only take so much" from the singer. it follows claims he fathered a child with another woman. TMZ claims the pair have known each other "for several years"
a coroner's report said Sandra bland, a 28-year-old african-american, hanged herself. she was arrested on 10 July over a confrontation with a policeman. a video of the incident shows the officer appearing to threaten her with
for the first time in the 70-year history of the UN, the declared candidates will take part in public hustings this week. the aim is to turn it into something bearing at least some resemblance to a regular interview process. eight candidates have so far declared and most are
N-Dubz are up for best UK act and best album. the band also get two nominations in the best song category. their album Uncle B will also go up against records by the likes of beyonce and Kanye west.
arrests follow week long crackdown on drug dealing in Gloucestershire. police have charged six people with drug offences following earlier raids.
the 33-year-old is the son of former proteas test batsman Jimmy Cook. he scored an unbeaten half-century in a warm-up match for south africa a. England lead the four-match series 2-0 after beating south africa by seven wickets
anti-fascist march in Brighton was held on the same day as a skinhead reunion. protest was initially organised to oppose an anti-immigration march that failed to materialise. police arrested 14 campaigners after masked protesters attacked three bald men.
Bhutan is a Buddhist country with an emphasis on gross national happiness. the country's prime minister has acknowledged that this concept can be overused. for two days the Cambridges will be guests of a young king and queen.
in the late 1960s/early 1970s, the ice fields slipping down mont blanc covered some 375 sq km. by the late 2000s, this area had fallen to about 275 sq km. the greatest losses have been seen in the southern sectors of the french Alps.
in an email to his letting agency, he banned "coloured" people from renting his homes. he said it was "not a colour issue" but an "economic judgement" the equality and human rights commission is investigating and will seek legal action.
more than 20 people are being treated in hospital with burns and other injuries. two tanks hit an electricity line and exploded when the train derailed near the village station. hitrino, a town of around 800 people, is located in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province
Sean Earle, 26, snatched the bag of Linda Clarke, who had cut her wrists. after she fell to the ground, the 26-year-old "saw his opportunity" to steal her bag. he was bailed until sentencing on 17 July.
Hamilton wins the u.s. grand prix to seal the title with his 10th victory of 2015. he pressured team-mate Nico Rosberg into a mistake during a frantic last 10 laps. the british driver was told he had won the title over
a Greek appeal court has upheld his sentence of four years and 10 months but suspended it for three years. Jamie's mother Lydia said the family "feel cheated of justice" the day he died was his ninth birthday when he was hit crossing the road with his father.
the 19in (48cm) replica with optic eyes and the "same make of teeth as the original" is being auctioned on ebay. science-fiction fantasy about a daring rescue squad, was first aired on television in 1965. at its peak, Thunderbirds
a new grading system will use numbers instead of letters for GCSE exams. coursework is being scrapped for most subjects and exams will be taken after two years. english and maths will be the first subjects affected by the changes.
the Nigeria football federation has decided to summarily terminate the employment contract of Mr. Stephen Keshi with the Federation with immediate effect. the move comes barely two weeks after the NFF opened an investigation into reports that Keshi applied to manage Ivory coast while under a valid contract with Nigeria
ministers looking to limit access to benefits, health care and housing when freedom to work controls on Romanians and bulgarians end. downing street says curbs are being considered in response to "widespread public concern" councils will be urged to give priority on council house waiting lists to
police found over 800 indecent images of children and "extreme" photographs. officers acted in February 2013 after learning of Yabbacome's activities. he admitted two charges of attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity.
figures show 95.1% of patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission, transfer or discharge. improvement comes as the NHS enters the summer period when these pressures tend to ease. some units are still not meeting the four-hour target and are stymied by a shortage
foster parents say "no discussions" took place between them and the council prior to the children's removal. the children - who are european migrants - were removed by social workers who accused the unnamed couple of belonging to a "racist party". council leader Roger stone said it was
ladbrokes believe it to be the largest tennis bet ever placed in Scotland. the wager on Murray would net a £175,000 return, including the stake.
a 20-year-old man was with a male friend when another man attacked him. the victim was treated in hospital for a leg injury. detectives believe the man in the images may be able to help with their inquiry.
ex-governor accused of taking millions in bribes from drug cartels. he is also wanted by the u.s. on charges of money laundering. reward of 800,000 mexican pesos offered for information leading to his arrest.
Gary Liddle sent off after only 16 minutes for a foul on Kane Vincent-young. colchester's winless run in league one stretched to 17 matches.
the 122-year-old Victorian structure spanning the river Thames last underwent refurbishment in 1970. work will take place on the timber decking, lifting mechanism and water proofing its brick arches. the bridge will close for road traffic until 30 December.
ITV has bought the rights to broadcast the show from 2017. will.i.am, Jennifer Hudson and gavin rosdale will be the coaches. sir tom accused the BBC of "sub-standard behaviour" when it dropped him last year.
five give up the booze, five go gluten free and five go parenting to be released. the series follows on from the success of the recent ladybird book spoofs for adults. original 21 books featured Julian, George, Dick, Anne and their dog Timmy.
a 65-year-old man was attacked at 18:15 GMT in Owen street, dudley. he suffered serious stab wounds to his head, shoulder, chest and back. police are still trying to establish a motive for the attack.
towie has been "largely positive" for Brentwood, where it is set. "if its bubble bursts we could be left with stereotypes, not economic benefits" a meeting is being held on Tuesday to discuss the town's "sustainability"
the 38 year old was arrested on suspicion of preventing a lawful burial. the child had not been seen in the 11 years since its disappearance was first reported. a woman, 31, previously charged in connection with the investigation, appeared in court in July.
Microsoft bought 925 patents and patent applications from aOL. it is now selling 650 of those patents to facebook as well as licences to the other 275. facebook reported a drop in its first quarter profits to $205m from $233m a year earlier.
bowe had been out since sustaining a knee injury in the world cup. the 32-year-old suffered posterior cruciate ligament and meniscal damage. les kiss's men are currently fifth in the pro12 standings.
president had tweeted: "James Comey better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations..." he has been under pressure to produce the tapes amid inquiries into alleged Russian meddling in the election. the house intelligence committee had earlier this month asked the white house to hand
Andrew RT Davies defended his party from criticism that it simply opposes labour policies. he said there is a clear agenda for what the Welsh conservatives stand for, and it's action. speaking about the Wales Bill on further devolution, he praised Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb
hearts finished fifth in the premiership. six players have left the club since the start of the season. director of football steve levein says he has high hopes for coach cathro.
fire crews in south Wales have dealt with 623 deliberately-set grass fires since 1 April. 45 firefighters are tackling one fire, covering 148 acres (60 hectares), in the Swansea valley. children as young as 11 are among those who have been arrested for starting
the winning proposal will be "connected to" the university of Chicago. the library will store his papers and help frame his legacy as president. a formal announcement will be made the week after next, reports CBS.
the firm expects net profit in the year to march of 1.7 trillion yen ($15.1bn; £12.1bn) that is despite losing its top-selling carmaker status to Volkswagen in 2016. Toyota said it had begun formal talks to work with Suzuki on safety technology
Laura Matthews, 29, was told her signature - "L. skywalker" - infringed a trademark. she was issued with the document several weeks later, after threatening legal action. but she has now been told the passport was issued in error and has been cancelled.
Ummariyat mirza, 21, is charged with preparing for a terrorist attack in the UK. his sister, Zainub Mirza, 23, charged with sending extremist videos. they were remanded in custody at Westminster Magistrates' court.
queen's athlete won the women's 5,000m title in 16:27.08. derry track club's Kirk-Smith won the men's steeplechase in 8:55.72. Ciara Mageean eased into Sunday's 800m final with
Rangers beat Dundee 4-0 on saturday at lunchtime. united claimed a dramatic 3-2 win over Ross County. Celtic won the first of Sunday's quarter-finals, overcoming greenock morton 3-0. hibs and caledonian thist
10-month-old bisma baloch died in a traffic jam at a hospital in Karachi. her father claims he couldn't gain entry for more than an hour because of security protocol. such tragic controversies and the resultant inquiries are not new to the country's
the men, from Senegal and the Gambia, were crushed while working at shredmet in 2016. police and the health safety executive are still investigating and inquests have yet to be held. the families said they were frustrated at the length of time the investigation was taking.
the spiders' David galt headed against the outside of the post before the win. Thomas orr took advantage of Bryan wharton's poor header to score.
Coventry accepted 105 people from October to march under the expanded resettlement programme. the first refugees arrived in 2014 and all costs associated with it "are met by the UK Government" a total of 71 local authorities in england and scotland have accepted 1,602
Umar farouk Abdulmutallab, 25, pleaded guilty to attempting to blow up a commercial plane. prosecutors said a bomb sewn into his underwear failed to detonate fully. his family called on the us government to review the sentence.
33 of the 38 people killed in the attack were on Tui holidays. the firm said the attack and subsequent warnings about travel to Tunisia would cost it about £20m this year. Tui is also worried about the effect of migrants on its Greek business.
the cylindrical device was between six and eight inches long (15-20cm) a police spokesman said the small bomb was rusty and resembled a dog bone. he urged anyone who finds similar devices not to touch them.
religious groups argue that they should be exempt from the requirement. a tie would uphold lower court rulings in support of the administration. the court now has eight justices after conservative justice Antonin Scalia died.
poor weather forces solar Impulse craft to land in japan. pilot was 36 hours into what was expected to be a six-day journey from china to Hawaii. team will now wait in Japan for clearer skies before attempting to continue.
Moussa Dembele, 20, came on for the final nine minutes of Celtic's win against hearts. he replaced Jack Aitchison, who became the club's youngest-ever player last season. dembele could challenge that record after appearing for the reserve team.
Gordon has been in charge of the first team since Dave Hockaday left in January. the 53-year-old is also the club's major shareholder and chief executive. he previously had a four-game spell in charge following Gary Whild's departure in September.
furry group furcast says 90-minute podcast went out without its knowledge. two texas stations were among those which broadcast the material. furries are people who have a fascination with animals that are given human traits.
andre ayew's deflected free-kick cancels out kelechi iheanacho's opener. the draw leaves manchester city three points ahead of manchester united. united's final game, against Bournemouth, was abandoned
Watson carded a six-under-par 66, which included an eagle and five birdies. five players are one shot behind after play was suspended. england's Tommy fleetwood is three shots back after a three-under 69.
midfielder stabbed home in the 94th minute after millwall failed to clear a free-kick. Lee Gregory burst through the defence to score his 22nd goal of the season. Nicky Ajose's penalty, after Raphael Rossi Bran
shadow home secretary Diane Abbott says theresa may has allowed officer numbers to fall. the conservatives say she has "dangerous" views on protecting the public. security is featuring heavily in the final days of campaigning before election.
former fianna fáil taoiseach, who was born in Rooskey in county roscommon, has died. he played a key role in advancing the northern Ireland peace process, including the 1994 IRA ceasefire. former prime minister sir
the cathedral was lit up in blue, white and red to mark the attacks in paris. the event was led by the bishop of coventry and the Duke of Kent. similar events are held annually in Dresden to commemorate the allied bombing.
he died peacefully after a six-year battle with progressive supranuclear palsy. where do you go to (my lovely) was replaced as number one by marvin gaye. he wrote more than a dozen albums in a career that spanne
the adaptation will be based on the critically-acclaimed first book in the Noughts and Crosses series. it tells the forbidden interracial love story between sephy, a "cross" and politician's daughter. the series is being produced by mammoth screen,
the charges relate to eight victims. the six are due before magistrates in Sheffield on 21 march.
Kompany left the pitch just before the end of Wednesday's 2-1 EFL cup victory over Swansea. the 30-year-old had thigh surgery during the summer. his injury is not a recurrence of the calf problem that restricted him to 14
foreign office withdrew British embassy staff from the capital, tripoli, last week. gunmen have besieged the justice and foreign ministries recently, demanding expulsion. BP described the withdrawal as a "precautionary measure"
head teachers at the NAHT conference made clear how disillusioned they're feeling. plans to force all schools to become academies will affect primary schools most. changes, delays and uncertainty around primary testing have left the department looking ham-fisted.
up to 21 patients were moved to another area of the hospital. the alarm was raised at 07:00 GMT. it is hoped the hospital would return to normal later on Thursday.
Tommy roome, of Rams Grove, Romford, has been accused of murder. he is also charged with the attempted murder of mr Hayden's father. the 27-year-old died from a stab wound to the thigh on 13 September.
Felix Alexander, from Worcester, was 17 when he was hit by a train last year. his mother Lucy has set up The Felix Project, launched at pershore high school on Monday. the programme aims to help teachers spot signs of a child being victimised.
Angus T Jones, 19, says he no longer wants to take part in the raunchy comedy. he says the show's humour conflicted with his recent bible studies. the clip was posted by the forerunner Christian church in california
the â2bn (£1.4bn) project has been rubber stamped between national grid and its Norwegian equivalent Statnett. the new north sea network (NSN) interconnector will be more than 730km long and will carry enough power for 750,000 homes at peak demand.
Jacob Brentnall drove to Manchester from his home in Nottingham after reading about the bombing. he gave a young woman a lift across the city and drove a family of three to Leeds. the 21-year-old then turned up for work in Derby despite getting no sleep.
the lion crawled under an electric fence after heavy rains dislodged earth. he was fitted with a tracking collar after escaping for three weeks last year. the park authorities are still considering five options.
at times it felt disjointed as the local parties fought over different territory. the two main unionist parties were accused of playing sectarian politics. same-sex marriage forced its way on to the agenda.
Ipswich beat QPR 2-0 at loftus road to move up to 14th in the championship. second half goals from Luke Varney, Cole Skuse and Tom Lawrence seal the win. the win lifts QPR up to 15th, while qpr drop to 16th
the latest in a stream of worrying statistics shows 40% of all the deaths have been in just the past three weeks. up until a couple of weeks ago, the outbreak was raging in liberia. the outbreak has already infected more than 3,900 people.
a PSNI officer posted on facebook that 16 petrol bombs had been found in a street. the bombs were designed to be thrown at officers, the post said. it followed an attack on police in Lanark way earlier this week.
new satellite will monitor shipping lanes for pollution and survey land surfaces for subsidence. Sentinel-1b will work alongside the 1a spacecraft, which was launched in 2014. both satellites are carrying laser communications systems to help get all the information to the ground.
the Scottish Fishermen's Federation (SFF) had taken a neutral stance before the referendum. members have now met in the wake of the result, and said Brexit was the preferred option. the SFF is due to meet Fisheries Minister Fergus Ewing on Monday for talks about the
coastliner bus driver seriously injured in crash on the A64 near york. five passengers on the bus and one in a yaris car were also taken to hospital. the driver was pronounced dead at the scene, police said.
the 28-year-old will sign the deal, which has a £109m buyout clause. his current contract runs until 2019. he has made 145 appearances for barca since his 2014 move from sevilla.
caley thistle are five points adrift at the bottom of the premiership with five games remaining. former assistant manager Maurice malpas has been brought in to address defensive problems. foran insists that he can always trust malpas, who has over 50 caps.
a wall and railings have toppled onto two sports cars in Dunfermline. a drain had become blocked by debris, leading to water spilling over. more than £30m has been spent on the town's flood prevention project.
east dunbartonshire council needs to save £22.3m - 10% of its budget. council reserves are low and projected to fall further, the report says. the accounts commission is the public spending watchdog for local government in Scotland.
Ronald Dickens, 47, followed a woman in her 20s into newbold road in rugby in November 1985 before raping her. the incident completely changed her life leaving her wondering for 30 years who assaulted her, police said. warwickshire police said its major crime review team
Zhou youguang helped invent pinyin, a writing system that helps raise literacy rates. the 106-year-old is a defiant character, refusing to take much credit for his work. his daughter died of appendicitis just before her sixth birthday
the 26-year-old was released by york city after failing to score in 14 appearances last season. but he netted 26 times in 69 appearances in a two-season spell at barnet between 2012 and 2014. he is Stevenage's fourth signing of the summer,
the Crucible's production of show boat and its new musical Flowers for Mrs Harris are up for best musical. paapa Essiedu, the royal Shakespeare company's first black Hamlet, is in the running for best performance in a play. sir Ian McKellen will receive a
former everton striker hopes to learn from new manager joachim farke. the 30-year-old has two years left on his contract at the north london club. he was not an automatic first choice after the canaries were relegated in the championship.
nerves in the ear, which pass sounds into the brain, were rebuilt in gerbils. but treating humans is still a distant prospect. most hearing problems are caused by damage to the tiny delicate hairs which convert mechanical vibrations into electricity.
the westgate development in the city centre will eventually have more than 100 shops, 25 restaurants and cafes, a cinema and 61 flats. the multi-storey car park on the site was demolished last year. it will be replaced with a 1,000-space underground car park
five million Tunisians have registered to vote. candidates must be aged 23 or over and have held Tunisian nationality for at least 10 years. no party is likely to win a majority of seats in the renamed national assembly.
out among the stars features 12 tracks by the american singer, recorded in 1981 and 1984. the tracks have never been made public before and were not released at the time. it is the fourth posthumous album released since Johnny Cash died in 2003, aged 71.
children with four or more adverse experiences in childhood are three times more likely to get lung or heart disease later in life. the findings are being published to coincide with a major international public health conference. a child can experience adverse incidents even from within the womb.
Jim McCafferty, 71, appeared before Belfast magistrates' court on thursday. he is charged with eight counts of touching a boy under the age of 16. the crimes are alleged to have happened in Belfast between 2012 and 2015.
steph twell and eilish mccolgan are among eight athletes from scotland who booked their places at the trials in Birmingham last month. hammer throwers mark dry and Chris Bennett have also been granted selectors' picks for places in the GB
first-team coach Andy Smith, goalkeeping coach Marco tabuas and fitness coach maykel moreira have all left Vale park. the three all arrived when manager fernando ribeiro was appointed in the summer. "we thank them for their time with us," a club statement
union voted to lobby for libraries to be included in Ofsted inspections. survey suggests patchy picture on library provision. third of secondary schools have had cuts of 40% or more since 2010.
bod yn ceisio diffodd y fflamau sydd wedi lledu i 24 llawr tr Grenfell. mae dros 200 o ddiffodwy
clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so they are available for testing at all times. the club failed to ensure its information was accurate on three occasions. manchester city were fined £35,000 and given a warning earlier this month.
Katharine of aragon died at Kimbolton castle in 1536, and was buried at the cathedral following a lavish funeral. she was cast aside by Henry VIII for being unable to provide the Tudor dynasty with a male heir. despite living in reduced
the pardon was granted under the royal prerogative of mercy. it addresses his 1952 conviction for gross indecency following which he was chemically castrated. he had been arrested after having an affair with a 19-year-old man.
the US president is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member bloc. he was shown around the sprawling house that was the late reggae star's final home. "i still have all the albums," he told his museum guide.
referee was happy with conditions when he arrived at 11:00 GMT. but the situation deteriorated and he called the game off. no date has yet been agreed for the rearranged fixture.
Knox has arranged a practice round at augusta with 1988 winner Lyle. the 30-year-old is the only other Scotsman in the field. inverness-born Knox is currently ranked no.34 in the world.
the 28-year-old was an ever-present in the side which won the county championship in 2016. Angus Fraser described Simpson as "one of the finest cricketers in the country" Simpson has made almost 250 appearances in all formats since making his debut in 2009.
judge issues temporary injunction against president's executive order. white house vows to appeal as case continues in the courts. order casts doubt on transfer of $1.2bn for san francisco, $1.7bn to santa clara county. judge accuse
20,000 refugees will be brought to the UK directly from refugee camps around Syria. archbishop Nichols said most Christians did not go into the camps. he said: "there will be few, if any, Christians coming to this country"
police say they found the remains while investigating the death of a woman who had undergone an illegal abortion. they said that the woman had died in a "botched abortion" and they were looking for the foetus near a local hospital when they made the grisly discovery. similar cases
tries from alisha butchers, sioned harries, jess kavanagh-williams and elen evans seal victory for wales. second victory of the month for the dragons as they prepare for the six nations and 2017
Gareth benbow, 33, of inverness, was accused of having a vendetta. she said medical staff had saved his life on 19 occasions following overdoses. jury took less than 40 minutes to unanimously convict Benbow of the malicious call.
guitarist and co-songwriter Johnny marr has released an extract from his upcoming memoir. he said he met former band mate Morrissey in 2008 and they discussed the possibility. but "the distrust remained" between the two and the idea never came to pass.
former motherwell manager says he has been asked to carry on in national role. the 58-year-old has been Gordon Strachan's assistant since January 2013. motherwell sacked former manager Ian baraclough last month.
almost 25% of the world's food is traded on international markets. this makes food supply and prices vulnerable to unforeseen crises or climate change. infrastructure at chokepoints is often old and would struggle to cope with natural disasters.
Virgin east coast, northern rail, and cross country services affected. reports of large queues at Newcastle central station. services resumed late on friday.
huge study in the uk will give a final verdict on the test when it is completed in 2015. there is a survival rate of up to 90% when ovarian cancer is caught early. symptoms, such as pelvic and abdominal pain, are often put down to other ailments.
england have scored 102 more points in the final quarter of matches than their opponents. under coach Eddie Jones, they have scored 93% of the territory and 87% of the possession. they have conceded six penalties in the first 21 minutes against south africa earlier in the autumn.
two people have been reported missing from a sushi restaurant hit by the blast. Nicholas figueroa, who was on a date there, and a worker, Moises Lucon. a further 22 people were injured in the explosion and subsequent fire, four critically.
Dtek50 smartphone offers improved security over rival android devices. it is the firm's second android handset after switching focus away from its struggling BB10 platform.
researchers are studying how large gatherings of people could become hotspots for the spread of the genes that cause antibiotic resistance. they found that when the amount of human waste entering the river rises during may and June, levels of antibiotic resistance genes are up to 60 times higher.
a man in his 30s was attacked in greenbrow road, Wythenshawe. he was taken to hospital but he died from his injuries.
mother lodges complaint describing the image as racist. council says it does not reflect the attitudes of the school. police Scotland receives complaint in relation to a mural at a primary school in the Trinity area.
world number 45 took the first set but lost 6-7 (2-7) 6-4 6-4 to the reigning us open champion. wawrinka will play third seed Kei Nishikori in the semi-finals. Canadian top seed and defending champion milos Raonic beat 14-time
former yeovil town striker has signed until may 2017. the 33-year-old has scored 11 goals in 23 games for the club this season.
dolly was created from DNA taken from a cell taken from an adult sheep. it took 277 attempts to clone her and there were many miscarriages on the way. dolly is an exact genetic copy of the sheep from which the skin cell was taken.
mark McKenna, 38, pleaded guilty to arranging the commission of a child sex offence. he was arrested near a car park at the Bluewater shopping centre in august. the court heard it was made clear from the outset she was 11 years old
IS militants launch at least four suicide attacks, with reports saying at least 25 people were killed. the first of the attacks was near the Turkish border crossing. battle for Kobane has left hundreds of people dead and forced more than 200,000 to flee into turkey.
construction was supposed to have started in the spring, but will now get under way at the start of august. the bridge is expected to take 45 weeks to complete and open to the public in the summer of 2013. funding has come from west Sussex county council and sustainable transport charity sustrans.
Ron Jones was captured in the middle east during world war two. he arrived at Auschwitz in October 1943 and worked six days a week in a factory. it took him four or five years before he was a normal man again, he says.
the find was made by a man who was carrying out gardening work at his home in Killakee, Firhouse. preliminary examination indicated it may have been in the ground for "up to 70 years" the scene has been cordoned off for examination by the state pathologist.
the two sides will meet at the bird's nest stadium in Beijing on Monday, 25 July as part of the pre-season international champions cup. surprise premier league leaders Leicester will play Barcelona and paris st-Germain as they make their debut in the invitational tournament. united's pre
energy firm reported a 24% drop in pre-tax profits for 2016 to £172m. much of that explained by the weak oil drilling and refining markets in the u.s. revenue fell in 2016 by 3% to £1.5bn.
alasdair Dudgeon, 51, was killed near the Kincardine bridge on 6 January 2013. he suffered a broken neck and internal injuries as he commuted to work. cyclist was hit by a car driven by 42-year-old James Sneddon
ten Protestant workmen were shot dead when an IRA gang ambushed their minibus. a palm print found on a van used in the murders was believed to belong to the suspect. the PPS said that "following careful consideration of the evidence" it had decided not to
police issued an alert after a complaint was made that two men were acting suspiciously near secondary schools in carrickfergus. pictures online of a clown and a balaclava-wearing sidekick have caused a stir in the town. police said they started an investigation after
Russia and turkey have been profoundly shaken by the murder of a seasoned diplomat. presidents Erdogan and Putin have used the same language, calling it "a provocation" it could encourage greater co-operation between two countries that have always had a tricky relationship.
the 8th Earl of onslow, whose family rebuilt the house in the 1720s, has said it should remain a ruin. the Palladian mansion near Guildford was bequeathed to the NT in 1956 by the Onslow family. about 95% of
the referendum result was a devastating indictment of the effectiveness of the billions of pounds of EU funds spent trying to regenerate economically deprived communities. those who were most likely to vote to leave lived in communities where most EU funds had been spent. the early stages of a debate about replacement funding
Fel rhan o'u hymgyrch Gwylio Adar yr Ardd, mae'r elusen i chi dreulio awr bore Sadwrn neu fore Sul
Preston beat Norwich 1-0 at the etihad stadium to move up to ninth in the championship. Preston extend unbeaten run to seven games as they win first home game of the season. Norwich slip from second to fourth in the table as they lose for just the third time this term.
cows found dead after eating poisonous tree clippings dumped in farmer's field. police describe culprit as heavily built man, aged 50 to 60, with curly brown hair. post-mortem examination shows the cows, aged 16 months, died as a result of toxins
academies park view and Nansen primary will have their funding agreements terminated. park view educational trust said it may be removed from running the schools. oldknow academy and golden hillock school, also rated inadequate, warned they could lose funding unless concerns are addressed.
the 20-year-old follows goalkeeper Danny Ward from anfield to the Scottish premiership. the Northern Ireland international joined Liverpool from Glenavon aged 16. he made nine appearances while on loan to Barnsley in the 2013-14 season.
dr martin thomp was called to treat a man who had collapsed in the street. he had been shoved and punched before he hit out, the tribunal heard. the GP's registration was suspended for two months.
a 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police say. the teenager was stabbed in Harehills, west yorkshire. he was taken to hospital but died a short time later.
made in Chelsea star Spencer came out on top to win cow bell trophy. he beat gymnast Louis Smith by almost one metre in the final jump.
Fox has signed up to make a "put pilot" of lethal weapon. the show will follow a similar storyline to the film. Danny Glover and mel Gibson will not reprise their roles.
the left-arm seamer, 26, dismissed Kusal perera with the final ball of the 46th over. he then removed angelo mathews and thisara perera in the 48th. australia bowled out for 206 in reply to win by 82 runs and level
security minister said terrorists from or connected to conflicts in Syria and Iraq posed a threat to the UK security. list of proscribed organisations includes ISIS, whose fighters are known to have been involved in conflicts in both countries. the four other groups to be banned are: Turkiye
Estonia experienced its first period of independence in 1918, following the end of the first world war and the collapse of the Russian Empire. one of its legacies is a large Russian minority - about a quarter of the population, according to the 2011 census. since independence, Estonia has politically and
the move is part of a major schools modernisation project in the town. a public consultation is also taking place at the Oasis youth centre.
Cardiff will appoint a head coach to look after the first team. slade will be in charge for the final time when they host Birmingham on saturday. chief executive Ken Choo says the club feel it is necessary to have a change.
four men cleared at Sheffield crown court of misconduct in a public office. pogmore admitted making recordings of people sunbathing nude and swinger friends having sex in their back garden. the 51-year-old was part of the south Yorkshire police air support unit.
the committee believes it has been sent by Malcolm McKibben to the permanent secretaries of government departments. committee chairman daithi McKay of Sinn Féin said: "i am keen to see that very soon"
Ignacio echeverra, 39, was one of eight victims of the assault on the London bridge area. he reportedly tried to fight off the terrorists with his skateboard to save a stabbed woman. his body is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday
the 38-year-old had enjoyed a fine opening round, briefly leading the championship. but on friday seven bogeys, three double bogies and only two birdies left him nine over to bow out.
the 39-year-old, from ammanford, revealed the news live on the one show. it is her first child with partner Charlie Thomson and he was born in the morning of Sunday, 22 January, weighing 7lbs 11.
the proposed tourist development would also include a visitors' centre and hotel. if approved the new centre could be open at the end of 2017. construction began in 1972, taking eight years to complete.
test your news knowledge with our 12 days of christmas news quizzes. this quiz is day seven and asks questions about the month of July 2016.
Blair Turgott scores his 10th goal of the season from the penalty spot. Brett Williams' 36th-minute drive from close range hits the bar and goes over. bromley move up to 11th place in the table.
labour's women's manifesto released as separate document to party's main pledges. manifesto also promises to tackle equality in pay and give more support for childcare and paternity leave. Harriet Harman said the document was showing women the party was "on their side"
sarah tait was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2013. she picked up a medal in the women's pair at the 2012 olympics in london. the australian was a strong role model to young australian rowers.
the remains of the last Plantagenet monarch were placed under the cathedral in 2015. the play is critical of the king, calling him a "poisonous bunch-back'd toad" the cathedral has said the show will go ahead as planned in July.
chief executive of community housing cymru was chosen from four candidates. he will take over from Peter Tyndall who held the office since 2008.
ESP blamed disappointing sales for going into liquidation. it operated from missile maker Thales UK's factory in castlereagh. spokesman: "we had high hopes, just like the northern ireland ministers did"
tries from Julian savea, brodie retallick and nehe milner-skudder seal win for new zealand. french hope evaporated when Louis picamoles was sent to the sin-bin. savea completes a fine hat-t
perSAT-1 was launched on 16 september. it features the vast cuajone copper mine in the andes. the satellite can see features as small as 70cm.
turkey's actions are in response to violent attacks last week in Turkey itself. the armed wing of the main Syrian Kurdish party urged turkey to stop attacks on Kurds. a meeting of Turkish newspaper editors is to be held on Tuesday to discuss the situation.
football supporters submitted a FOI request to obtain the tenancy agreement. the request was made amid claims the LLDC would subsidise the rent. llDC had refused to reveal its rent on grounds of commercial sensitivity. decision comes ahead of west ham moving into the stadium for
urine sample shows australian jockey has appetite suppressant Phentermine in her system. Payne rode at royal ascot last week after serious injury ruled her out of previous year's meeting. racing Victoria stewards in australia will hold an inquiry on Thursday.
the injury-hit west ham fail to convert any of their 17 attempts at goal. the visitors win 1-0 to go through 2-1 on aggregate. bilic says he is interested in signing manchester city striker Wilfried bony.
on world mangrove day, the president of Sri Lanka will open the world's first mangrove museum. the museum will act as a hub for conservation training for adults, and educating children. it is estimated that 20,000 pupils will visit the museum in the first year.
Tom Rogic scores a stoppage-time winner as Celtic beat Aberdeen 2-1. the win completes a domestic treble for the scottish club. it was their 351st day since they returned from pre-season training.
there will be no separate rate for London when the government brings in a compulsory National Living Wage next year. the living wage is calculated according to the basic cost of living. mayor's office estimates 724 employers in London have now signed up.
pamela geller is the co-founder of the american freedom defense initiative. the group was formed to stop the "islamisation of america" in her country. she has been denounced by critics as a "bigoted blogger"
Wurz has been asked by owner Stephen fitzpatrick to run the team. the 41-year-old retired as a racing driver this week. team boss John Booth and sporting director Graeme lowdon have resigned.
the richest 20% of the population on average earn 20 times more than the poorest 20%. the survey says the region is the world's most urbanised, with eight out of 10 people living in cities. by 2050, nearly nine out 10 Latin americans will live in cities, according to the
an an wins the PGA championship by six shots on sunday. the 23-year-old was the youngest-ever winner of the us amateur championship in 2009. england's Chris wood finished fourth on 13 under par, one shot clear of Francesco Molinari.
Samir hadji gave the hosts a deserved lead just before half-time. Emmanuel Francoise thumped the ball off the post after the break. but the hosts could not find the second goal they needed.
McGregor says he is "happy to announce that I am back on UFC 200" the 27-year-old had been set for a rematch with Nate Diaz at the event in july. he tweeted: "Shout out to Dana white and lorenz
dumoulin says he was "very disappointed" and "very angry" after the race. defending champion Vincenzo Nibali wins the stage to move into third place. the stage is a 219km race from Tirano to canazei on wednesday
the door painted with his father's likeness was donated by his son to the gallery. the Cheltenham Trust wants to restore it for an exhibition later in the year. since it disappeared, people have asked after its whereabouts.
foreign secretary's view of the Syrian conflict seems to have swerved around. he said the "mantra" of calling for Assad to go had not worked. now, he believes the Syrian leader has to go.
if confirmed by the Senate, James Comey will replace outgoing director Robert Mueller III. he is known for successfully opposing a warrantless wiretapping programme backed by other bush aides. the nominee joked that he was "a man who stands up very tall for
huts on mablethorpe promenade will be "rejuvenated and enhanced" with the money. 14 other coastal landmarks in England will benefit from a share of £700,000 from the Coastal Revival Fund. communities minister mark Francois said: "we
the memory chips from the su-24 bomber downed on the Syrian border were destroyed. the incident sparked a major bilateral crisis, with Russia imposing sanctions. 13 of the 16 chips had been destroyed, while x-ray tests on the others showed extracting information would be impossible using
Michael Dunlop posted a lap of 123.650mph on his Classic Suzuki XR69. practice will continue on Thursday, with the start of racing on Saturday.
shadow attorney general writes to AFP seeking immediate investigation. senate hearing told that she had been asked to resign and offered a new role. report said that detaining children of asylum seekers violated international law.
twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) affects babies who share a placenta. one baby gets too much blood and the other baby does not get enough. if left untreated 90% of these babies will die.
three-time world champion in team pursuit has focused on the road since 2014. the 26-year-old is now based in Wales and meets the qualification criteria. he trains in Cardiff and is engaged to former rider and former team sky rider Matt rowe.
qandeel baloch instigated a debate in Pakistan on whether choosing to defy family and societal norms symbolised women's empowerment or was cheap narcissism. on social media, some believe her brother was justified in killing her. others
about 9,000 names - nearly all german - are on the auschwitz garrison list. the INR hopes the list will prove that Auschwitz was not a Polish-run camp. more than a million people died there.
he initially experienced racial abuse, but overcame that and is now targeting a medal at the 2016 olympics in rio. he briefly considered representing france, but has now turned his sights on the 2016 games.
Leicester are fighting relegation and were beaten in the FA cup by league one side millwall. millwall won with a last-minute goal from Shaun Cummings after Jake cooper was sent off. Leicester face a Champions League last-16 first-leg trip to sevilla on Wednesday
the crash happened at 23:00 GMT on Wednesday on hoyland common. the 85-year-old was taken to hospital where she later died.
about 400 people took part in the search of savernake forest near marlborough. a £20,000 reward to help find her has been offered by an anonymous donor. mobile records put her phone in the area of the forest 32 minutes after she left the club.
the number of referrals for autism assessments has nearly doubled in five years. more than 2,800 children are currently waiting to be seen. the money will be used to create 35 new posts across northern ireland.
the device was towed by a navy bomb disposal team to a detonation site. a controlled explosion was carried out at 08:45 BST. some trains were halted and early ferries were delayed, following the find.
first formal talks since Carwyn Jones and leanne wood were tied 29-29 in a Senedd vote. aim was to form a minority Labour administration rather than a coalition, joint statement says. the conservatives and UKIP, had joined Plaid Cymru in backing Ms
"on an almost daily basis, we are being described the worst threat," he said. he cited Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg's speeches and films depicting Russia starting a nuclear war. the 45 years of tension were marked by espionage and proxy war
synalpheus pinkfloydi uses its large pink claw to create a noise so loud it can kill small fish. the team behind the discovery vowed years ago if it ever found a new pink shrimp it would "honour" the rockers.
"bio-glue" is incredibly strong, moves with the body and sticks to wet surfaces. team at Harvard university have even used it to seal a hole in a pig's heart. experts have described the glue as "really cool" and said there would be "absolu
IC24 runs non-emergency 111 and out-of-hours services in Norfolk and Wisbech. interim report found deficiencies in call handling and a shortage of GPs. company apologised, but said it had followed procedures.
Joan Ostojic's daughters Katherine, 21, and Alice, 19, were on a boat that went down. they sat on the semi-submerged vessel's roof for 10 hours before embarking on their swim. travellers from new zealand, spain, france
denbighshire council granted permission to compulsorily purchase former north Wales hospital. owner freemont (Denbigh) Ltd had opposed the compulsory purchase. there has been a long-running dispute between both sides concerned about the future of the building.
the slump started in 2013, when the team lost its way on chassis design, but still had the best engine. now, the team seem to have got their mojo back with the car but the problems lie with the Honda power-unit. it is with Honda that McLaren achieved their greatest successes of an
the money was taken from three purses which had been left unattended. it is understood the suspect entered the building while visitors were in another part. anyone with information is urged to contact police Scotland.
several high-profile musicians have refused to perform at the event. but the president-elect has claimed many celebrities have been requesting tickets. one performer who has already been booked for the ceremony is 16-year-old singer Jackie Evancho.
the marine accident investigation branch (MAIB) said it was difficult to keep the vessel Millennium Time on a steady heading before it struck a tug on the river Thames in July 2014. the 69-year-old mate's employment as helmsman was contrary to the instructions of the
mother-of-four Joanne Thompson, 33, was found at her home in newtownards. police want to hear from witnesses to any disturbance at a bonfire on monday.
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski, 33, stabbed himself before haverfordwest magistrates on 11 January. his case at Swansea crown court was adjourned for sentence until 6 march. he admitted possessing a knife and confirmed his earlier guilty plea
Voyage of time, Nocturnal Animals and Les Beaux Jours d'Aranjuez will compete for the golden lion. also included as official selections are Pablo larrain's Jackie and the bad batch. the 73rd Venice international film festival will
president Museveni receives nearly 61% of the votes, with Mr Besigye taking 35%. foreign observers say the poll was conducted in an atmosphere of fear and intimidation. sporadic violence and opposition allegations of electoral fraud have marred the election.
Rhiannon Smith, 21, was involved in a collision between a black range rover and a grey Toyota yaris on 16 march. the trainee teacher, from Llandevaud, has since died. her family said she was "the life and soul of a party
the springboks signalled that their campaign is back on track with a bludgeoning display of brute force. schalk Burger, bismarck du Plessis and duane vermeulen smashed their way through the Scots defence. the
the amount is broadly in line with market expectations of 60bn euros. much of the money is expected to come from the eurozone rescue funds. the Spanish banking sector has been in difficulty since the global financial crisis of 2008.
Johanna konta is the first female british woman to reach the last four of a grand slam. the 21-year-old is a semi-finalist at this year's australian open in melbourne. former world number one has been coached
the star has called off an event at the London palladium on 20 September. minnelli was to have been interviewed on stage by Sir Bruce forsyth. the events were cancelled due to a dispute over money with their promoter.
the 65-year-old was found dead in the garden of his gated home in south weald. inquest into his death concluded he was unlawfully killed. police interviewed a man originally from Tyneside but currently living in southern spain.
Sannah javid, 26, was taken to hospital on Tuesday after officers were called to her flat. she died in the early hours of Wednesday. detectives believe she knew her attacker.
facebook and google have been getting it in the neck for not doing more to remove far-right material online glorifying the attack. political pressure has mounted on these two tech giants to ensure that the internet is not a "safe space" for terrorists. it's important to separate the issue of
96 football fans were fatally injured at the 1989 Liverpool versus Nottingham forest FA cup semi-final. inquests heard Philip and Brian Steele, from southport, went to watch the match with their mother and father. part of Brian's 1989 witness statement was read to the court in which
follow us on facebook, on twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.
former o's striker cox terminated his contract after the transfer window closed. the 29-year-old cannot join another EFL side until January. cox says he was "an emotional wreck" on his departure from Orient.
PSG will break the transfer record for a defender to sign for the french champions. the 27-year-old has three years left on his five-year contract at stamford bridge. he has been the subject of interest from barcelona in the last two summers
the NAO found that kids company received public funding for at least 15 years. it included £28m from the department for education and its predecessors. founder camila Batmanghelidjh said an "extremely distorted picture" of the charity was being painted.
Michael Graydon, 29, disappeared on 21 february and his body was found two weeks later. authorities in Monaco kept his brain, heart and lungs after a post-mortem examination. the coroner could only record an open conclusion as the pathologist was unable to give a cause
Hamilton has triumphed in all three races since retiring from the season-opener in australia. the german is four points behind his team-mate in the drivers' standings. he has completed 169 racing laps out of a possible 224 this year.
Julian Hernandez disappeared when he was five and is now 18. his father, Bobby Hernandez, 53, was arrested and is being held at a jail in Ohio. the FBI received a tip on 30 October that this teenager may be the long-missing child.
minister to outline plans where some areas of Welsh forest could be transferred to private sector. but she has already ruled out the widespread sale of Welsh woodlands. plans include partnerships with the private sector for more forest holidays, wind farms.
investment in TV drama has fallen by 44% since the last review in 2008. spending on children's programmes has also fallen from £103m in 2008 to £88m in 2014. ofcom warned broadcasters need to adapt as trend towards online viewing grows.
the Lord Advocate appeals for calm following row between predecessor and lawyer. Kenny macAskill said outcome of case would be "tragic accident" comments angered family as police investigation continues.
the procession will visit the east riding on 18 and 19 June and northern Lincolnshire on 26 and 27 June. torchbearers chosen include Tom burnett, 12, from Hull. Alice Kaye, 17, from north Lincolnshire, has also been chosen to carry the flame.
the anti-secrecy website has published thousands of secret documents. it says the CIA has developed "a giant arsenal" of malware. cia spokeswoman: "as we've said previously, assange is not exactly a bastion of truth and integrity"
the Hyundai heavy industries yard at Ulsan is the biggest of them all. more than 60,000 people are employed there, constructing a huge ship every four or five days. the city pulsates with work and wages and activities of far from idle hands.
body of mother-of-one Kimberley Jones, 25, was found by a paramedic at the house. tests on the fire showed the flue was ineffective allowing smoke to leak into the room. inquest heard carbon monoxide gas was at 16 times the acceptable level.
Ian Drake is chief executive officer of the british cycling. he gives his top tips on how to get involved in the sport.
a disastrous drug trial at a london hospital in 2006 threatened to derail clinical trials. six healthy young men were treated for organ failure after experiencing a serious reaction. the men were told they would be likely to develop cancers or auto-immune diseases.
the ministry of defence has outlined a third round of 5,300 army redundancies. it is attempting to reduce the number of regulars from 102,000 to 82,000 by 2017. campaigners say they create a "worrying" situation for Army families.
the "we can" project is showcasing the huge amount which can be achieved by adults with learning difficulties and children with complex needs. it has held exhibitions at the senedd, houses of parliament and in 24 countries. everyone involved has a learning disability.
a draw between germany and the usa will see both through to the last 16. jermaine Jones' superb strike equalizes for the hosts just after an hour. portugal take an early lead through Nani, but must equalize against Ghana.
former great britain rower made allegations about GB women's rowing coach. Emily Taylor described Paul Thompson, 52, as a "massive bully" in the interview. the team, coached by Thompson, won three gold medals at the 2012 games. British
stem cells were genetically engineered to produce and secrete toxins which kill brain tumours. scientists used genetic engineering to make stem cells that spewed out cancer-killing toxins. they were also able to resist the effects of the poison they were producing.
Sabah Saleem, 11, and three-year-old Rayhan were hit by a car in august 2012. they were returning from a greengrocer's shop with food for the family's Eid celebrations. the children were knocked down by the car driven by 37
Jack Sexty bounced non-stop for 10 hours 21 minutes at an event in Philadelphia. the 25-year-old broke the previous world record of 75,005. he was raising money for Alzheimer's research UK.
plans for green park station were put on hold two years ago. the stop, by junction 11 of the M4, is expected to cost up to??8m to build.
the owner of the 1977 Ford Mustang died in august and when his daughter checked his garage, she found that the car had disappeared. the family last recall seeing the car, registration VTM 648S, in 1995. it is understood the owner was not well enough to visit the garage it was housed in
19-year-old striker has scored 66 goals in 68 appearances in two-and-a-half seasons. she scored 13 in 17 in this season's FA Women's Super League 2. her next step is the top flight, and she could get a call-up
Diana Sacayan, a well-known activist for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights, was found dead in her flat in Buenos aires on Tuesday. her death follows the killings of Marcela Chocobar and coty Olmos
bower has made 52 appearances for warriors in all competitions since joining in 2014. details of the length of the 26-year-old's new contract at sixways have not been disclosed.
patch, a two-year-old black and white cat, died following a suspected poisoning. two other cats in the area were also put to sleep after becoming unwell. RSPCA chief inspector Phil Lewis said: "we don't know whether these incidents were accidental or deliberate or who
the 23-year-old has represented his parents' country at youth level since 2005. he is expected to join up with his prospective teammates next week in Kinshasa. but he has yet to receive official clearance from world football's governing body to play for the country of his parents
channel 4's regular schedule will be suspended from 07:00 to 19:00 bst. it is believed to be the first time a channel has closed on polling day. pre-election campaign will alert viewers to the reason for the channel's absence.
gay rights campaigners from london raised thousands of pounds for miners in the dulais valley, after the NUM had spurned their support. despite initial scepticism on both sides, the characters break down preconceptions and strike an enduring friendship. writer
many of the dead were young boys who were in a trophy ceremony hit by the bomber. bomber, himself said to be a teenager, said to have carried out the attack. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon expressed his condolences to the families of the victims.
visa restrictions on foreigners are to be eased in the tourist zone. alcohol, cinemas and theatres are prohibited in the conservative kingdom. women must wear loose-fitting, full-length robes known as "abayas"
emergency crews were alerted to the blaze in small heath, Birmingham, at about 21:00 GMT on Monday. a spokesman for citron and dealer Robins and day said there were no injuries. one lane of Small Heath highway was closed while forensic
Lyndon gooch's long-range effort caused fleetwood keeper Chris maxwell to make a fingertip save. amari'i bell fired into the side-netting for the hosts, while Richard Chaplow scuffed a chance for the visitors.
UN committee on the rights of the child says all children should receive a "truly inclusive education" report says in northern Ireland education, "segregation by religion persists" and calls for executive to "actively promote a fully integrated education system" it also recommends that children should be able
a 66-year-old woman has been charged with causing death by careless driving. she will appear at Teesside magistrates' court on 7 June.
the adapted artwork for the Sgt pepper's Lonely hearts club band album is worth about??70,000. it was created to celebrate the success of the record - released in June 1967. in second place, valued at??7,000, are the first 10 numbered copies of the
Del Potro beats wimbledon runner-up stan wawrinka 3-6 6-3 7-6 (7-2) 6-3. former world number four is playing in his first grand slam since 2014. australia's Nick Kyrgios comes from two sets to one
magnitude-4.8 quake strikes at a depth of 15.5km (9.6 miles) 35km north of the city of Lucca. tremor was felt as far away as Milan and Florence, italian media say. last may, two earthquakes in the same area left more than 20 people
tourism NI says it expects a strategy to be in place by early next year. hotels have probably spent about a billion pounds in the last decade. another big boom was expected in the hotel market.
Lynsey Dunn, 28, and Paul Smith, 36, have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. they are also accused of seven child neglect offences. offences are alleged to have taken place between April 2012 and July 2016.
Disney revealed how they plan to use technology to bring their storytelling to new forms. the company shared footage of a robotic lizard from 2010 movie tangled. 'all emerging technologies are going to be key to the next generation of entertainment'
Seymour and Swinson sign new three-year deals with the scottish warriors. the 28-year-old wing has agreed a new deal until may 2019. lock swingson is now contracted until may 2020. fellow internationals Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyr
the 30-year-old joined city for £13.8m from celta vigo last summer. he made 30 appearances and scored six times in his first three games. did not start a league game - or score a goal - in 2017.
a painting of neuschwanstein castle in bavaria sold for £71,000 (100,000 euros) a still-life of carnations, signed a Hitler, fetched £52,000 (72,000 euros) last year the same auction house sold a watercolour painted by Hitler in 1914
supporters claimed the LLDC would subsidise rent, which it denied. the government said the deal had been "scrutinised" and "upheld" the llDC said west ham contributed £15m to the conversion of the stadium.
Arlene Foster said there were no solutions on the table. the minister said there was a £600m hole in her budget.
the Scots lost their final warm-up test 19-16 to france at the stade de France. cotter believes the run-out in paris will help his side in their World cup opener against japan. the 16th time in charge of the national side.
a pair of shorewatch volunteers spotted what looked like a dolphin feeding frenzy. they took a picture, believing it to be of the dolphin taking a large salmon. expert says it's not completely understood why dolphins attack porpoises.
former army officer promises to be "even more dangerous than when i was in uniform" he vows to turn his tiny west african nation into an "economic superpower" the president also promised "zero tolerance" on corruption and drugs.
fire broke out at Wythenshawe hall, which was built in 1540. more than 50 firefighters tackled the fire at the timber-framed Tudor hall. hall was home to the Tatton family for about 400 years.
one of eight turbines on the Screggagh wind farm on murley mountain collapsed on friday evening. turbine, valued at over £500,000, scattered debris over a wide area.
cyber-security company has linked the incident to a hack and blackout in 2015. it also said a series of other recent attacks in Ukraine were connected. the blackout lasted just over an hour and started just before midnight on 17 December.
the 31-year-old, from Sheffield, has received the honour for her services to athletics. the 2012 Olympic champion announced her retirement from the sport in October. designer and ex-spice girl Victoria Beckham was made an OBE for services to fashion.
both are senior managers and have a long track record with the company. mr abernethy is chief executive of Fox television stations, running the 28 Fox-owned channels. Mr Shine is senior executive vice-president and close aid to the company's founder.
the marines were guarding an italian oil tanker when they opened fire, killing two men. india has ruled out the possibility of a death penalty. the men are on bail pending trial.
more than 300,000 tweets using the hashtag #MuhammadAli have been posted. the boxing legend died after being admitted to hospital with a respiratory illness. he was known as much for his social conscience as his boxing skills.
department of professional standards investigates complaints against officers and staff. also investigates deaths in custody, police misconduct - and corruption. 380-strong unit responsible for dealing with complaints, deaths, misconduct. unit also investigated so-called "plebgate" affair, which led to jailed officer
a second runway at gatwick would be the "obvious choice" for the capital and Britain. a third runway at heathrow, extending its existing northern runway and a new runway at Gatwick are being considered.
he was elected with 571 votes, ahead of Michael Henderson and David noakes. he will serve for four months and said there were "very important decisions" to be made. the by-election was called after the death of Deputy Martin storey in July.
the UK and Ireland are among the countries that can now sell beef to canada. France and germany - the EU's biggest producers - are also included. a Russian import ban and weaker Chinese demand have hit Europe's farm exports.
Brecon and Radnorshire conservative MP Chris Davies condemned the closure. he said there had been a barracks in Brecon since 1805, home to troops who fought the zulus. "this decision is abhorrent and i shall be fighting it every step of the
millions of Turkish internet users continue to access twitter, using proxy servers and other means. last month, an audio recording posted on twitter appeared to show Mr Erdogan talking to his son about hiding large sums of money. a law passed last month tightens government controls on the internet.
duke of Kent, 79, taken to hospital after suffering injury while staying at balmoral. he was seen walking to a waiting car with the help of a walking stick. the queen's cousin suffered a "mild stroke" in 2013.
women into sustainable employment scheme aims to improve language and workplace skills. run by bridges programmes, which supports refugees, asylum seekers and others who do not speak english as a first language. if successful, the project could be extended across Scotland.
70 of the 184 inmates that escaped have been captured, leaving 114 still at large. about 100 federal officers have been sent to boost the search in amazonas. the prisoners escaped from the anisio jobim jail in manaus as a deadly riot was under way
the 35-year-old wing has signed for the Mitsubishi Dynaboars in the Japanese league. Williams announced his in february after he turned down an offer to extend his playing career with the Welsh region to a 10th season. the double-Grand Slam winner scored
precious metals producers were particularly hard hit by falling prices. analysts blamed falling prices for gold and silver and adverse currency movements. in china iron ore prices fell to the lowest level in almost five years.
it was the eighth ticket in the UK to take the top Euromillions prize this year. a £19.7m jackpot was shared by three tickets from the UK on 2 September. when jackpots are paid, winners can choose to reveal their identities.
the man was held in bayingolin prefecture, to the south of Urumqi. the authorities have announced a one-year campaign against militant violence. Xinjiang has seen a spate of attacks in recent years.
the child's body was found in a river yards from his family's home at Milton of Drimmie. his disappearance triggered a major search and rescue operation. the i newspaper reports that the "poor" are twice as likely to die from cancer.
former doctor who writer has written a "bold and accessible" adaptation of the play. it will be shown as part of a new Shakespeare season on BBC one in 2016. Bernard Cribbins and Richard Wilson will also star as snout and starveling respectively.
eight-year-old Phoebe Hanson wrote to radio 4's pm about how the "bongs" would be replaced while "big Ben" is being repaired. PM's editor, Roger sawyer, told her: "it would be quite a task" a facebook post
body found in northampton linked to disappearance of 32-year-old man known as "big man" police said officers were treating the death as murder. he was last seen in northholme court, Thorplands, on 13 September 2013.
prisoner ombudsman says prison response to David brown's death was "inadequate" report says painkilling drugs were found in 46-year-old's system during toxicology tests. report does not find fault with inmate's medical management during his time in jail
remains believed to date to the medieval period, but could be roman. developers westleigh plan to build 70 homes on the site. archaeologists expecting to find human remains because of similar burials uncovered during the building of the railway line.
debate over the niqab came to a head during the 2015 Canadian elections. former prime minister Stephen Harper was accused of using the issue stir up fears against Muslims. newly elected Liberal prime minister Justin Trudeau opposed the appeal.
the 22 humans who live on the island are greatly outnumbered by a population of over 120 cats. Originally brought in to deal with mice infesting fishing boats, the cats now eat scraps, crops or food given to them by tourists or local people.
the couple, who have been dating since 2011, wed in front of about 10 people in Provence. knightley, 28, announced her engagement to righton, 29, last year. righton has performed with indie rock band the Klaxons since 2005.
Jeremy corbyn is expected to say a 17% increase in Carer's Allowance would help around one million people in the first year of a labour government. ministers say they will spend an extra £2bn on social care over three years. the allowance is paid to around
video footage shows justin bieber striking a photographer with his car. the vehicle had been travelling at an "extremely slow speed" when the collision took place. a 57-year-old pedestrian was taken to hospital with non life-threatening injuries.
"the remaining union has to learn from the Brexit vote and carry out the most fundamental examination of its policies," says german newspaper. der Tagesspiegel tells the EU to "reform or be destroyed" but warns there is a "shocking gulf" between remedies offered by the political elite
Welsh winger hallam amos scored two fine tries in the second half. dorian Jones kicked five points for the hosts, while a penalty from Blair kinghorn sealed victory. the Dragons move to within four points of rivals Glasgow in sixth.
Dominique cottrez, 51, confessed to suffocating her children after giving birth secretly at home near Lille. the former nursing assistant had previously said she had a long incestuous relationship with her father. during the trial she did not talk about the relationship
former bath full-back Nick Abendanon scored the opening try of the game. two Camille Lopez penalties gave the hosts a 13-3 interval lead. Napolioni Nalaga plundered two tries to see Clermont pull away. home legend aurelien rougerie scored
the scheme would appoint a named person to ensure the wellbeing of every child. judges at the UK's highest court ruled against the scheme in July 2016. they said some proposals breached rights to privacy and a family life.
Antoine Maury was last seen at Edinburgh college's Milton road east campus. a man matching his description was seen near duddingston village. police are continuing their media appeal for the 21-year-old.
app allows users to send a message saying "yo" to friends - and nothing else. creator or arbel told tech news site the app was having "security issues" similar problems have hit apps such as Snapchat and Tinder in the past few months.
support for independence has barely budged from the 45% who voted for it in 2014. many believe that Scots now have a far stronger sense of their country's distinct identity. former first ministers say the majority voted to remain in the eu, not leave.
snowdonia giving asks businesses in the national park to press visitors for a small contribution to add to bills. nearly £3,500 in donations has been raised, with most going to a Snowdonia society training programme. cash will be used to give 48 young people the chance to learn
former national security adviser says she did not use intelligence for political purposes. she was responding to allegations she sought to "unmask" any Trump officials who cropped up in foreign surveillance reports. "i leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would," she said on MSNBC.
former labour mp convicted of two counts of common assault in north london. one boy was knocked to the floor after trying to pass Joyce in a narrow aisle. the 54-year-old claimed he was performing a "citizen's arrest" at
west indies racked up 205-4, the highest score of the tournament. gayle and pollard added 65 off 25 balls as the windies won by 74 runs. captain George Bailey hit a defiant 29-ball 63 as australia collapsed to 131 all out
Ivory coast vice-president expects Zaha's switch to be approved. the 24-year-old grew up in england and won two caps for the three lions. southgate has not ruled out the chance to select him again for the senior side.
a section of the audience laughed when Owen Smith said Ms dugdale was doing a "brilliant job" it comes as allies of Mr Corbyn dismissed claims they could seek to remove Ms Dugdale. they said it was "a matter for the Scottish labour party" whether
Morton beat alloa 2-0 in scotland on saturday afternoon. morton opened the scoring on the quarter-hour mark. danny mcmanus doubled the visitors' lead.
quotas have been lifted so farmers can produce as much milk as they want. four farmers tell us how they'll be affected by the changes. "it's not an easy game and it never will be," says one farmer.
islamic mayor of london wins by 1,310,143 votes to 994,614. the result bolsters leader Jeremy corbyn after labour was beaten into third. in Scotland, the SNP said it would form a minority government.
southport manager steve clapham's position has become "untenable" following criticism in the media and on social media. director Nigel allen will take on the chairmanship on an interim basis. the decision followed on from the news that three directors, including shrouder, would
senior factory official dies, more than 85 are injured, including two japanese. maruti, india's biggest car maker, has halted production at the factory in manesar. most observers believe it is linked to a disagreement over wages and employee contracts.
the 30-year-old is set to win his 46th cap against the italians in the 2017 tournament. Owens believes relegation will not be introduced in the short to medium term. it is the first time the Welsh have faced the Azzuri since the appointment of their new coaching team
a masked man holding a gun approached a man in a car park in Glenarm on sunday. he then made off from the car park at about 10:35 BST. police believe the two robberies could be linked.
her Royal highness took the baton at the Hamburg Symphony Orchestra's new home. 250 schoolchildren were introduced to music in front of the Duke and duchess. the royal party are due back in the UK on friday evening.
30,000 people are going house-to-house to find those infected with the disease. critics say the lockdown will damage public trust in doctors. in neighbouring Guinea, bodies of eight missing health workers and journalists have been found.
the 21-year-old was fifth with 250 metres remaining before powering through to win in three minutes 31.447 seconds. the Czech republic's Josef dostal took silver in 3:32.145, and Russia's Roman Anoshkin won bronze.
energy firm had proposed reinforcing the existing line so it can carry more electricity. the National Grid said the upgrade was not needed as this time. SSE said the scheme could be proposed again in the future.
the graphic was shared in 2014, before she became an MP. the board of deputies said the post, highlighted by the website, was "appalling" the graphic said relocating Israel would be a "solution to the israel-palestine conflict"
Brunon Kwiecien, 48, was convicted of planning a terrorist attack and illegal weapons possession. he suggested he had been manipulated by Polish intelligence agents. investigators believe he wanted to target parliament with four tonnes of explosives.
the Yongbyon site processes spent fuel from power stations. it has been the source of plutonium for north Korea's nuclear weapons programme. the plant was shut down in 2007 but Pyongyang said last year that it was operational again.
Loren Davis was driving at 100km/h (62mph) on an expressway in Adelaide on tuesday. she hit the koala as it was crossing the road and could not change lanes or brake. "we're calling him bear grylls
the 25-year-old is Leeds head coach garry monk's first signing since replacing Steve Evans. the swedish international scored 22 goals in 40 league games for kalmar.
leahy scored 12 goals in 158 appearances for falkirk. the left-back made 38 appearances last season for the club.
thousands of people took to the streets of the capital, freetown, at the stroke of midnight. a country is considered free of human-to-human transmission after two 21-day incubation periods. president Ernest Bai Koroma is due to address crowds in the city later.
"there is no evidence to date that there is a concrete danger," a BfV spokesman says. the man is reported to be of Spanish origin and a convert to Islam. there are an estimated 40,000 Islamists in germany, including 9,200 ultra-conservative
two young women standing for office in hong kong's district elections. both are part of a new breed known as the "umbrella soldiers" both are running against older establishment politicians with more resources.
arsenal moved top of the premier league after beating Stoke on saturday. manchester united and Southampton both claimed narrow wins against Tottenham and middlesbrough. burnley scored three well-deserved goals against everton and Bournemouth respectively.
justice minister says words of hatred and contempt must be fought with "utmost vigour" Dieudonne already has convictions for inciting anti-Semitism. he is due to be released on Wednesday evening but will face trial at a later date. 54 cases
language was spelled "langauge" in the original release, put out on Thursday. but it was corrected by officials after twitter users ridiculed the error.
the girl was taken to hospital and died within a few hours, the zoo said. "this kind of accident is rare, unpredictable and unusual", it added. the video shows the elephant waving its trunk behind a fence.
altercation broke out between two men inside a fast food outlet about 00:35 BST on sunday. the suspect is described being aged in his early 20s, of slim to medium build.
legislation will be needed to establish new policies on areas such as customs and immigration. the introduction of 15 Brexit bills before the UK even exits the EU "will leave very little space for non-Brexit related legislation" the report comes as theresa may travels to Swansea with
apparent push by Tottenham defender Kyle Walker was not spotted by referee andre marriner. city were leading 2-1 when sterling went through on goal, but defender pushed him. defender toure said: "if you have a bit of experience like me, you'd
ex-pontypridd MP says party must have a "radical analysis" of society. he says the party has "held the line in Wales as well as anybody did in britain" but he is more optimistic about the future of labour in Wales.
new Zealand-born Solomona will be available for Eddie Jones' side later this year. the 23-year-old left rugby league when he switched codes to join sale sharks. Solomona won a rugby league cap for Samoa last year, but that would not affect residency criteria.
police Scotland admit they did not investigate a report about the crash until three days after it happened. the father and grandfather of Ms bell's five-year-old son, said the report delivered "a damning indictment on Police Scotland's call-handling processes". the report offered assurance
more than 1,000 people packed into the city's anglican cathedral for howe's funeral. a bevy of famous Merseysiders in attendance, including comedian Ken dodd. born in 1944 in the old Swan area of the city, he became a
people in the capital San jose say layers of ash have coated buildings and cars. Costa Rica's national emergencies commission advises people to wear masks. volcanologist: "it seems to me to be the strongest (Turrialba) eruption in the past six years"
the 36-year-old defender has not featured in city's first team since the end of february. butterfield took up a coaching role at the club last year. the former crystal palace man scored a six-minute hat-trick against wolves in 2010.
restaurant began serving puppy platters after a new law was introduced allowing dogs to eat at restaurants - as long as they were outdoors!
health secretary announces £20m investment in general practice over the next year. move comes after the bma warned the GPs were becoming "increasingly burnt-out" the move came as the rcgps held their annual conference in clyde
theakstons Old peculier crime novel of the year award goes to someone else. someone else's skin is a thriller that tackles domestic violence and so-called honour crime. Sara paretsky, who created detective VI warshawski, receives outstanding contribution honour.
baby Effie was taken away from her parents for almost eight months. she has a rare medical condition known as Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV. the condition causes "easy bruising" and is characterised by "thin and translucent skin"
malka leifer, the former principal of a Jewish girls' school in Melbourne, fled to Israel in 2008. allegedly raped and indecently assaulted girls at the ultra-orthodox adass Israel school. court in Jerusalem has also lifted her house arrest, meaning
the casualty was airlifted off Slieve gullion at about 15:00 GMT on sunday. he had a "serious leg injury" and was taken to the royal Victoria hospital in Belfast. 22 members of the rescue team were involved in the rescue.
the big four supermarket chains are selling generic school uniforms for less than??5 each. the average price of a standard uniform has fallen by almost 21% since 2004, it says. but the total value of uniform and equipment sales has fallen from??861m in 2004 to??694
a huge and rising proportion of our public services are delivered by the private sector. contracting out represents around 15% of all public spending and 5% of uk GDP. the big four say that in 2012 their operating margins were lower than the operating margin they earn on average on all contracts.
Spaniard plays his first event in Europe since winning the masters. compatriot Richard Bland moves level with the pair with a second-round 69. the pair are a shot behind leaders Joakim Lagergren and Joel Stalter.
Cassini's propellant tanks are all but empty and it cannot escape a fiery plunge into Saturn's clouds in September. the probe has flown by the haze-shrouded world on 126 occasions. scientists used Saturday's pass of Titan to make some
billed as a national security speech, her address lacked any new proposals. instead it was a forceful, often mocking, rebuke of the presumptive Republican nominee.
combination of the two toy-makers would produce a company with a $20bn market capitalization. in 1996, mattel made a $5.2bn (£3.5bn) offer to buy hasbro. hasbro reports its full-year earnings report on 8 February.
the number of cases of TB in the county has risen from 30 in 2005 to 116 in 2012. wildlife groups have been campaigning to stop culls of badgers, which spread the disease. the group's first move is to work with the university of Liverpool on a survey
octopus hunter can spear more than 10 of the slimy invertebrates during a single low tide. the catch is highly prized by the island's tourist hotels and provides protein for coastal communities. catches in Tanzania have increased from 482 tonnes in 1990 to more
banker accused of killing two women in hong kong. lawyers for the defence say he had a narcissistic personality disorder. court hears he used drugs, sexual sadism and alcohol to fuel his actions.
third energy to frack well near village of Kirby misperton in district of Ryedale. fracking involves injecting water, sand and chemicals at high pressure into rocks. campaigners say approval would set "dangerous precedent"
the suspects are a 38-year-old former captain and a lieutenant. two of the rebels were killed and eight seized after the incident in Valencia. a video released on social media showed the uniformed men saying they were rising against the "murderous t
Northern Ireland's agri-food industry is "hugely important", with almost 100,000 jobs. the marketing body will be developed by the Agri-Food Strategy Board (AFSB) agriculture minister Michelle O'Neill welcomed the announcement.
Featherstone beat Halifax 13-6 at the britannia stadium on saturday. tries from heaton, Davies and Turner gave the hosts the lead at half-time. but a late try from Johnston reduced the deficit for the visitors.
senior coroner John leckey is retiring this year and told a preliminary hearing of the inquest in Belfast that no replacement has been appointed. dozens of inquests dating from the early days of the troubles face delay because not enough money is available to investigate or there is nobody to oversee fresh hearing
watchdog assessed the authority's services between January 16 and February 9. inspectors said parents had told them new services were "making a difference" council welcomed the report, but said it was "identifying areas where can do better"
net migration figures fell last year, with officials saying this was "largely due" to a drop in foreign students. the coalition has pledged to restrict the level of annual net migration to "tens of thousands" on Thursday, the house of Lords is set to debate the impact of immigration policy on UK
Lord coe insists he "can't think of anyone better" than coe to lead the IAAF. 59-year-old became boss of the body last august after eight years as vice-president. world anti-doping agency report accuses the Ia
a 16-year-old girl suffering from mental health issues held in police custody. she was sectioned under the Mental Health Act because she was "obviously very unwell" 750 mental health patients have been placed in police cells this year.
the HRW report focuses on the treatment of a Christian group in Vietnam. it is the third human rights event at the venue that has been halted by authorities in the past month. Thai authorities have launched a crackdown on critics since the military seized power in may 2014.
the mansion's contents were removed and charred timbers were carefully lifted out by crane. an archaeological salvage operation got under way which will continue until the spring.
asteroid 2004 BL86 passed by the Earth at a safe distance of 1.2 million km. it will continue on its orbit around the sun for another 200 years.
each charge carries a maximum jail term of six months and a possible $500 fine. "if there is a plea offering, I'll take it," Christian Englander says. police say he admitted throwing the peel after being offended by jokes.
the 34-year-old was in intensive care in a Swiss hospital. an MRI scan detected bleeding on the brain. his mount boomerang Bob was brought down and fatally injured in the race.
the son of a former labour leader is one of the better-known among the 2015 intake of MPs. Stephen Kinnock has to wait for behind-the-scenes negotiations to conclude before he can be allocated a permanent office. Craig Williams held off a labour challenge to hold Cardiff
Dennis rodman met with north korea's sports minister this week. he took along gifts for the country's authoritarian leader, Kim Jong-un. gift one was president Donald Trump's 1987 ghostwritten bestseller The Art of the Deal.
Steven tolley, 48, was one of three men injured while working on the northbound carriageway of the A361 at Gornhay cross, Tiverton. he was airlifted to derriford hospital but died on monday. the driver, 43, from salt
window cleaners rescued through hole cut in one of the glass windows of one world trade center. fire department of new york earlier told the BBC the two people were uninjured and tethered. rescued men identified as Juan Lopez, who has been a window cleaner for five years
officer fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party in balch spring, texas. police initially said the car reversed "aggressively" towards the officer. chief Jonathan haber said the officer's behaviour "did not meet our core values"
former x factor judge given honorary doctorate by university in london. she was honoured for her "outstanding contribution to the entertainment industry" "i'm honoured and I'm shocked to receive this degree," she said.
Uche Ikpeazu gave the us the perfect start, scoring in the seventh minute. he then doubled his tally 16 minutes from time with an angled drive. then a Griffiths save prevented a 4-0 at the end of a rapid break.
former head of Irish language programmes, controller of programmes and deputy director general at RTÉ. best known for presenting a bilingual variety show, Trom agus Éadrom. also stood as a fianna fáil candidate in cork north central in 1982.
Michelle O'Neill hosts departmental breakfast at the balmoral show. she is hoping to agree access to Chinese markets for beef and chicken. the event was attended by the Chinese consul general madam Wang Shuying.
the Lorenz SZ42 cipher machine is on loan to the national museum of computing at Bletchley park. the machine was used by german forces in Norway and seized by the Norwegian secret services after the war. it is thought about 200 were in operation during the war, but only four
a fully-fit argentine striker could wear the sky blue shirt again, says mancini. the 27-year-old remains at city after interest from AC Milan, inter Milan and psg failed to turn into a transfer. mancini confirms Owen Hargreaves remains available
turkey is currently under a state of emergency, imposed after the failed coup attempt. critics accuse president recep Tayyip Erdogan of using an emergency law to silence opponents. a total of about 110,000 people have been sacked or suspended and 37,000 arrested.
Thailand's Aphibarnrat moves a shot ahead after a 40-foot breaking birdie putt at 14. fitzpatrick, 21, who has led since day one, joins the Thai at 12 under. england's Luke Donald cards six birdies in
three masked men forced their way into the property in the lagmore estate. they threatened the women, aged 81, 49, and 25, and tied up the 49-year-old. the gang left in a small silver vehicle with a substantial sum of cash.
mayor of new Zealand's second-biggest city says 120 people have been rescued. tremor struck at a shallow depth of 5km (3.1 miles) during lunchtime. country's deadliest natural disaster in 80 years struck at 1251 (2351 GMT)
physicists in the u.s. have worked out how to produce silicon-28 with 40 times greater purity than ever before. they can do it in the lab instead of relying on samples made ten years ago in a huge, repurposed plutonium
Saints lost 3-0 at home to everton in the premier league on monday. but new signing adam Stephens believes a change of form is on the cards. the 22-year-old says the defeat was not a disaster and is not time to panic.
kleptomaniac theo, from ipswich, first hit the headlines in 2013 for stealing christmas decorations. recently he has been stealing toy food, including a pineapple and an aubergine. owner created a leaflet for neighbours in
Castleford beat Salford in the super league. tries from Luke gale, ben murdoch-masila and Greg minkin. gareth o'brien and drop-goal win the game. castleford had been top of the table.
the £250m expansion of its malmesbury headquarters will eventually bring 3,000 new jobs to the town. planning conditions have been added regarding archaeological issues and addressing site access. the expansion is expected to be the largest in the firm's 20-year history.
Portugal are top of their qualifying group for Euro 2016 but rested Ronaldo. Odair fortes put cape verde ahead before Admilson gege doubled their lead. Andre pinto was sent off for the hosts after an hour.
a series of deals between labour and the government have defused most of the big problems in advance. today's big compromise announcement will be the composition and remit of the panel which will assess the operational case for the powers. further compromise may emerge on the issue of keeping internet connection records
border agent Shawn moran is union spokesman for 17,000 border agents. he has patrolled route near san diego for two decades. moran: "right now there's a lot of resistance out here"
Zander Fagerson, Luke McGrath and Taqele Naiyaravoro score tries for the hosts. Fergus McFadden and Duncan weir kick two penalties apiece for the visitors. leinster edge ahead with a penalty try and Fergu
sources say there has been a rise in avalanches, landslide-dammed rivers bursting and glacial lakes dangerously filling up. mining and dam construction in the Tibetan plateau have further fuelled concerns in downstream countries. water-related disasters can cause human and property losses
line rental and delivery costs could add £20 a month to the advertised price. a customer could pay up to £465 more than the amount advertised during a contract. the trade body for internet service providers, ISPA, said broadband prices were "clearly presented"
Birmingham city beat chelsea 1-0 in their fa cup quarter-final clash. Jo Potter puts the hosts ahead with a curling free-kick after half-time. the result ends Chelsea's hopes of winning a domestic treble this season.
scientists have identified a range of viruses that can be used to kill common pig infections. aim is to reduce risk of antibiotic resistant bacteria emerging on farms. if trials in pigs work, new therapy could be extended to treat people.
Murray beats wawrinka 6-4 6-2 at the o2 arena to reach the last four. the win extends his winning streak to 22 matches. he will face milos Raonic in the other semi on saturday.
Murray and djokovic meet in their seventh meeting in a grand slam final. the serb leads the head-to-head 4-2, their overall contests 23-10. it is the first final between two top seeds trying to win a Grand Slam title for 32 years
goodwillie signs a one-year deal with league two side Plymouth Argyle. the 27-year-old former blackburn striker moved to the british club for £2m in 2011. he won the last of his three caps for england five years
carissa, 11, has become the youngest ever chess master in the us. so how did she get so good? the BBC went to meet her to find out.
the quartet of Allison Schmitt, leah Smith, maya dirado and ledecky won in a time of seven minutes 43.03 seconds. australia finished second and canada third. the 19-year-old has now won four Olympic gold medals during her career.
Kostadin Kostov, 42, is accused of murdering 38-year-old Gergana prodanova. she was reported missing on 8 august by work colleagues when she failed to turn up for work. police said extensive searches were continuing in the Mount Pleasant area of Exeter.
left-wing MP is holding rallies in Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow. pollsters have put him as the frontrunner. he opposes the renewal of Trident and believes the existing nuclear arms should be decommissioned.
the confederation of African football (Caf) ruled that the five players all featured in the first round first leg in Sudan on 3 April. only players born after 1 January 1997 are eligible to participate in the qualifiers. Sudan qualify automatically for the second round as they try to reach the final
mansfield had the best of a first half short on real chances. akinde broke the deadlock on 57 minutes with a cool finish. Josh Vickers made a fine save late on to keep out a darius Henderson header.
Springfield question is one of the best-kept secrets in TV history. characters in the show have often joked about hiding Springfield's real location. the Springfield in Oregon is just 100 miles (160km) south of Portland.
airport boss tells taoiseach tourism needs to change its work in northern ireland. Graham Keddie also said the Brexit vote was not an "a la carte" exercise. he said a weaker pound made Northern Ireland more attractive to tourists.
Jamie Rudling, 28, repeatedly raped one victim, between 2003 and 2011, at an address in Argyll. he also raped a 22-year-old woman while she was asleep, in argyll in 2014. judge tells him: "you present
spanish mayors Manuela Carmena, Ada colau and Joan ribo have led completely new political organisations to success. all three mayors insist that the style of their rule will be very different. mayors say they want to redefine politicians' roles, becoming unalloyed conduit
Daria pionko, 21, was found unconscious with injuries consistent with an assault. she was taken to hospital for treatment, but died a short time later. a 38-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident.
the country has outpaced china's economic expansion for two quarters out of the last three. forecasts were for growth of about 7.3% for the period compared with a year earlier. but the country adopted a new way of calculating growth, which some experts say distorts the real picture
jacqueline oakes was let down by a raft of procedural errors, the IPCC says. the 51-year-old was battered to death at her home in Birmingham in 2014. west Midlands police said it agreed with the findings on its employees.
ministry of justice says prison has "addressed a number of concerns" prison officers' association calls for management to "get a grip" prison downgraded from '3' to '2' by prison and probation service.
#BringBackOurGirls group should be ashamed of manipulating victims of terrorism, he says. president Jonathan had been due to meet some of the girls' parents on Tuesday. he agreed to the meeting on Monday following an appeal by rights campaigner malala yous
David Craig Ellis, 41, admitted killing alec warburton, 59, at a house in Swansea. he said he was unemployed when he moved into his landlord's house in may 2015. the court heard he could not afford his rent one month and
ex-newcastle and liverpool striker has not featured for the national side since 2012. england boss hodgson will name his 23-man squad for this summer's tournament in france. the 27-year-old scored a hat-trick against arsenal
outdoor pool in Milford Haven cut from county council's £1,000 annual budget. but the town's astoria nightclub and the church at nantucket donated money to keep it open. members of the ladies circle also offered to prepare the pool ready for its opening
IS captures northern city of Qaraqosh after withdrawal of Kurdish forces. u.s. warns situation for minority groups in northern Iraq threatens "humanitarian catastrophe" 50,000 Yazidis thought to have been trapped in mountains after fleeing town of Sinjar
jade Ali, 28, said she had been "left in the dark" about the search for partner Christopher Huxtable, 34. he is one of three men believed to be trapped under the debris of the decommissioned power station. the health and safety executive said its priority was to recover bodies from the
the former granary building is being turned into an arts centre, run by a community interest company. once the ground floor alterations are complete, it is hoped the venue will open in June. the first theatre performance - a cinema in south Georgia - will tell the story of eye
Lee ingleby takes over from Neil Morrissey, who played the handyman from 1998. downton's Joanne Froggatt will play his business partner Wendy. inbetweeners star Blake Harrison voices the digger Scoop.
in 2015, there were 412 district nurses in Wales, down 42% from 712 in 2009. the royal college of nursing said it was placing pressure on GP surgeries and eds. overall, the number of nurses providing community services had increased.
friends and family of Yassar Yaqub, 28, from Huddersfield, laid flowers and displayed a banner in his memory. traffic on the motorway slowed as about 100 people, including the dead man's parents, gathered near the site to lay flowers and light candles
27-year-old can play in defence or midfield. has previously played for barwell and nottingham trent university. becomes Solihull's fifth signing this week.
bombings of two churches in lahore's youhanabad area left 17 people dead. two days of rioting by Christians followed, with two men lynched. members of the Christian community say that the riots are a show of anger.
notts slump to 73-7 as hosts are dismissed for 204 in 54 overs. Yorkshire crowned county champions for second year in a row. Durham close 30 runs behind on 174-2, with mark stoneman making 62.
a new calculation shows how much water is stored in the top 2km of the earth's surface. "modern" groundwater is extractable because it is near the surface and can be used to supplement above-ground resources in rivers and lakes. it is also the most sensitive to climate change and to
spokesman for culture secretary Craig Oliver phoned the daily telegraph's editor. he is alleged to have told the editor that Mrs Miller was "looking at leveson at the moment" twenty-four hours earlier, Mrs Miller's adviser called the reporter to "flag up"
baggies took the lead before the break when saido Berahino finished well. Craig Dawson doubled the lead in the 54th minute with a header. arouna kone equalised for west brom before lukaku grabbed the winner.
England's win over south africa secures the Twenty20 series. the game was officially sold out, as were two ICC Champions Trophy matches. around 3,000 seats were not occupied for the win over new zealand.
2004 winner robert fordham exits the grand slam of darts in wolverhampton. the 53-year-old has not played at lakeside since 2006. he qualified for the tournament for the first time but will not play in 2016. world
the cost of borrowing will remain unchanged at 6.25% ahead of a possible increase in us interest rates later this month. the decision came as the Reserve Bank of india held its first press conference since new bank notes were introduced. there are concerns that the cash clampdown could cut growth in the world's
midfielder McClean and goalkeepers Randolph and Doyle have linked up with the squad after a three-day training camp in fota island near cork. the 19-man squad will face the Mexicans in a friendly on 4 June. a selection of senior players will
militants claim they fired a shore-to-ship missile at a coastguard vessel. the army says there were no casualties, contradicting the militants' claim. witnesses said they saw other naval boats rushing to the scene to rescue those on board.
arcadia owner sir Philip green to examine spending from past three years. he told the BBC more centralised buying by government departments might help. his appointment was criticised by the GMB union, who said his wife lives in a tax haven.
Dominic Solanke scores winner as england reach semi-finals for first time in 24 years. josh Onomah sent off in last 17 minutes after hitting the post. Freddie woodman was forced to make key saves late on.
Abbott is expected to make his Worcestershire debut against Durham and Derbyshire. he is the second overseas player to join the county this summer. new signing matt Henry has extended his stay at the club until early part of July.
Holy Trinity fighter beats world and european light-welterweight title holder 3-2. the victory also secures his place at the world championships in august. Belfast flyweight Brendan Irvine also through to quarter-finals.
pharmacy voice is launching a two-year campaign to promote what the UK's 13,000 community pharmacies can do. pharmacists have been given more and more responsibilities in the NHS, just as nurses have. less than a third of people asked in a recent poll were aware of what
slide set up for the Swanage carnival came loose at about 13:40 BST. nine children were treated at the scene - at least one was taken to hospital. paramedics treated three of the children but there was "nothing to suggest injuries are serious"
assisting a suicide is a criminal offence that carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. court hears woman tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with champagne. case is about the right of every individual who has mental capacity to refuse medical treatment.
a zoology graduate from swindon has been appointed as Ipswich's dedicated hedgehog officer. the £24,000-a-year role will involve building a network of hedgehog-friendly routes. almost 12,000 hedgehogs, dead and alive, have been
the four servicemen died after the crash in Helmand on 23 June, 2010. the vehicle collided with an Afghan National Police car by the Nahr-e Bughra canal. they were travelling as part of a two-vehicle convoy, at the time of the
police fire tear gas to disperse protesters, witnesses tell the BBC. the government has declared three days of national mourning. prime minister blames "evil forces" for the deaths, vowing to bring those responsible to justice.
Matt shepherd scores 15 points for the duchy to end a run of two successive final defeats by the red rose county. shepherd's converted try and penalty saw Cornwall go in at the break with a 10-6 half-time lead. Evan Stewart's late try for Lancashire ensures
Matthew daley, 35, killed Donald lock, 79, on the A24 in findon, near worthing, last year. daley admitted stabbing Mr lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility. he was told he would initially serve his time in a secure mental hospital.
south africa's original decision to pull out came after a dispute over Sudanese president Omar al-bashir's visit to the country in 2015. authorities refused to arrest Mr Bashir despite him facing an ICC arrest warrant over alleged war crimes. a non-bind
council workers were called to the area within hours to fill in the potholes. coroner said the impact may have been lessened had she been wearing a helmet.
former england boss says he is "disappointed" with the decision. McClaren won just six of 28 games in charge of the magpies. the 54-year-old was booed off after defeat to Bournemouth on saturday.
the staff who would be relocated would be those who already process payments in euros for HSBC in canary wharf. lobby group thecityuk said it was focused on securing continued access to the single market. eurozone leaders have warned that without unrestricted access, London
"we welcome the court's decision today to grant a declaration of incompatibility" "the onus will now be on the Stormont to come up with new abortion legislation" "we now need our politicians to step up and trust women to make their own decisions"
the man, 65, was walking in woods near the town of Buchen when he encountered the elephant. the 34-year-old elephant was later captured and returned to the circus. police are now investigating how the elephant got out of its enclosure.
the levada centre surveys political opinion among Russian people. director says move amounted to "political censorship" law requires NGOs receiving overseas funding to register as foreign agents.
leader of the opposition says devolution will be "hugely challenging" no such poll is taking place, but his comments come after others warned of threats to devolution. Plaid Cymru leader leanne wood said the EU result should not be read as a vote to "centralise"
mother of four tells cnn: "this could have happened to you, to me, to my children" "we are all human beings. this is a terrorist attack and we are defending peace," she says. mother of three says she heard of the attack while on a day
last year's victors were years and years, with previous winners including Adele, Sam Smith and Haim. rap and grime make a strong showing, with london's J Hus, loyle carner, wSTRN and section boyz all featured
man, 40, arrested on suspicion of breaking laws protecting endangered species. officers found items including a tiger's head, monkey skulls, reptiles and stuffed birds of prey. it follows seizure by the UK Border Force of chameleon at heathrow
police say they have arrested a 26-year-old man on suspicion of benefit fraud. investigators believe he was involved in planning the attack or knew about it. prosecutors say there is now no doubt that 24-year old anis amri was behind the attack. police in ita
the rev Margaret McPhee made the comment at a carol service for pupils. a parent on facebook said she had "spoiled the magic" of christmas. the school said it had received an "official apology"
the man was found dead in an upstairs bedroom, after fire crews arrived at the house in the Kilmacormick area.
director of in the land of blood and honey received an honorary heart of Sarajevo award. her directorial debut is set in Bosnia's 1992 to 1995 war. she visited Bosnia several times last year as a goodwill ambassador for the un.
court heard they targeted Hussell's ex-boyfriend, who lost his job after he was wrongfully arrested. the pair provided false information to the charity crimestoppers. they also supplied the DVLA with fictitious intelligence.
five-year-old boy calls Celtic to tell them he has not made it to Saturday's game. mother Lisa Kayes said he had borrowed her phone to make the call. boy wanted to speak to manager Brendan rodgers and captain Scott brown to apologise
Rangers striker Kenny Miller fired in the opening goal, with Celtic replying through an Erik Sviatchenko header. a wonderful long-range strike from barrie McKay had Rangers in front on 96 minutes before Rogic swept home to set up a shoot
a team from Glasgow university found there was a sharp fall in accidents from 5,901 in 1997 to 2,914 in 2014. researchers said, however, there was "no evidence" the M74 had impacted on an "already decreasing trend". the five-mile (8km) route links
pro-russian gunmen in Ukraine's east seem to be following a strategy of constant expansion. they have called on the Kremlin to "leave Ukraine in peace" the US accused Russia of seeking to "change the security landscape" of eastern europe.
Benedict Cumberbatch will star in the new adaptation of the Shakespeare play. his Sherlock co-star Martin freeman will play the same role in the west end. the play will be directed by former artistic director of the royal court theatre.
king warns against dangers of populists seeking scapegoats for current economic difficulties. separatist leader bart de wever assumed the remarks were aimed at him and said he had overstepped his role. king said that "in these troubled times we live in,
england selectors say the series is a platform for players to make an impression. the first two games of the three-match series take place at the Dubai international cricket stadium. Durham's Keaton jennings will captain the North, while Hampshire's James Vince will captain
Derry city and Strabane district council lent its support to the move. an estimated 400,000 people attended the event in 2013. it is the biggest festival of Irish music and culture anywhere in the world.
members of the public have been invited to take part in planting thousands of new trees at Brackfield wood in the Faughan valley. the project has been organised by the Woodland trust, and is one of four new woods being created across the UK. its aim is to plant "millions" of
"unfortunate error" could have been there for "seven to eight months" a NET spokesman said they will be looking to replace the sign next week. it follows another spelling mishap spotted on a sign last July.
state media is not showing photos of him crossing the line. there has been a wave of protests in recent months over a series of frustrations. human rights watch says security forces have killed more than 400 protesters.
barrier was in place following a fatal crash in 1977. it was removed three weeks before enda dolan died after he was hit by a van. documents show communication between officials discussing the barrier.
four suspects shot dead, one arrested and other are being sought. witnesses said the men attacked people at random. Xi Jinping and premier Li Keqiang have sent condolences.
EDF customers will see electricity prices increase by 9% and gas prices go up by 5.5%. the supplier previously increased electricity prices by 8.4% on 1 march. most of its customers - 1.8 million - are now on fixed price deals, so will not be affected.
leaflets seem like a staggeringly inefficient and low rent way of getting a message out. but the government has insisted the £9m campaign is "money well spent" professor: printed material is still the main mechanism by which voters hear from political organisations.
roedd camera Cymru fyw yna i ddal y broses hir!
custody sergeant Jan Kingshott, 44, "did his best" despite the outcome, court hears. he and civilian detention officers Simon Tansley, 38, and michael marsden, 55, all deny manslaughter. church caretaker Thomas
the Dow Jones fell 23.15 points to 18,529.42. the wider s&p 500 was 1.23 points lower at 2,182.64, but the tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 6.22 points to 5,244.60.
seven Shi Tzu puppies and two full-grown lurchers were taken. the puppies are tan and white in colour and are worth about £650 each. police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
bonfires are lit in many loyalist areas to mark the start of the annual commemoration of William of Orange's victory over king James II at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. the PSNI say they are investigating complaints about "distasteful" materials placed on some
the 25-year-old agreed an initial three-year deal with the whites last summer. he has not made a first-team appearance for the club since October. celta are ninth in la liga and will face shakhtar donetsk in the last 32 of the
some tenants charged??150 to have properties taken off the market while a contract was finalized. ministers have warned of a risk that banning fees would push up rents. in Scotland, all charges to private tenants other than rent and deposits have been deemed illegal since 2012.
scotland yard issues detailed statement on Operation Midland inquiry. statement raises more questions than answers. will police dedicate resources to non-recent allegations of abuse? and what's the impact on the Met and its commissioner, sir Bernard hogan-howe?
Machrihanish is among five sites across the country hoping to be a spaceport. the former Nato base near campbeltown has twice been approved for space flight. ministers said any future spaceport would be used as a base for space travel.
George is an ambassador for the rhs, which runs the show. he even has his own blog. watch his video to find out what makes gardening so great.
the politician secured his 2011 seat through the list vote. he received 14,928 votes, an increase of 15% from 2011. he appeared at the count with two toy pigs in his hand.
museum of brands, packaging and advertising founder outlines the main reasons why we change what we buy. the arrival of the domestic freezer, of washing powder, and of cheaper imports all affected the sort of items on sale. interactive elements to this video also explore how ownership and ranking of some of the biggest brands
hawick Knitwear has increased its production to 9,500 sweaters each week. production boosted by better than expected sales of the new range. the company was bought by managing director Benny Hartop in November last year.
president francois Hollande toured the site on friday - a copy of the closely-guarded grotte Chauvet in the Ardeche region of southern france. the original cave is closed to the public - but the copy, at nearby Vallon-Pont
sunderland's Rachael laws has been called up to replace the 32-year-old keeper, who has a knee injury. england face Belgium in Rotherham on friday, before travelling to Zenica to play Bosnia on tuesday
the girl was aged 14 and 15 when she was sexually assaulted in 2013 and last year. the father of one met the girl while doing voluntary work and began sending sexually explicit messages. he also texted the girl naked photographs of himself and became "persistent in his requests" for
fury beats chisora 117-112 in a unanimous decision at wembley arena. victory for the unbeaten 23-year-old could open the door to a world title shot. wladimir Klitschko openly discussed the prospect of
peacock says talks are "ongoing" about resolving the disciplinary issue. the 25-year-old was dropped for the 25-18 loss to leigh on saturday. stand-off Maurice Blair will miss the game against London after returning home.
party launches inquiry into death of youth activist Elliott Johnson, 21, in september. party chairman Lord Feldman is a witness and inquiry will last into 2016. cabinet minister Grant Shapps resigned over allegations he failed to act on bullying claims.
Alibaba has filed to sell up to $24.3bn (£15bn) stock, making it the biggest technology listing in the us. facebook's IPO, which raised $16bn in 2012, was the previous biggest share sale for an internet company. Alibaba accounts for 80% of all online retail
the financial state of the NHS in England has been debated intensely. in the 2015-16 financial year, hospitals ran up deficits totalling £2.4bn. the latest figures covering the three months until the end of march will confirm the deficits.
bolt cruises through in 10.07 seconds, as american rival Justin gatlin qualifies fastest in 10.01. the semi-finals take place on Monday from 01:00 BST, with the final scheduled for 02:25 BST. british duo CJ u
the 19-year-old left-back made his debut for the bees in April. he has made a total of five appearances for the championship club.
the first official single from madonna's new album is called living for love. fans urged the network to play the track as part of the 10-minute takeover feature. radio 1 bosses say age has nothing to do with tracks not being playlisted.
the cost of stamps purchased in bulk will rise to $0.85 per stamp, up from $0.63 today. between 6,000 and 8,000 jobs will be eliminated as part of the plan. but the agency says it will also open more retail locations across canada.
Obama and Kenyatta said they were "united against terrorism" and efforts to deal with it. but the two leaders differed sharply in their positions on gay rights. president Obama praised africa's economic and business potential in a speech.
some 200 wolves have colonised the southern regions of france, divided into about 20 packs. this year there have been almost 600 attacks in which more than 2,000 sheep have been killed. the wolf was hunted almost to extinction in the 1930s but, protected as an endangered species,
the shows will be filmed in early June at Westminster's central hall, around 18 miles from where the actor, TV host and hillingdon native was born in 1978. the three episodes will air on 7, 8 and 9 June on sky 1 and will also be available on now TV.
the prime minister has invited his german counterpart for a working dinner at his country residence, Chequers. the wide-ranging talks also cover the threat of so-called Islamic State, the situation in Iraq and Ukraine. mr Cameron earlier welcomed Estonian prime minister Taavi Roivas to Down
board members believed to have wanted bigger cost cuts and more focus on performance. barclays said a "new set of skills" was required at the top. chairman John McFarlane has been named executive chairman until a new chief executive is appointed.
the FBI seized computers and mobile phones from the home in October. court papers have identified eight celebrities by their initials only. the FBI said no charges have been filed at the current time.
James bisset, 23, struck pedestrians with his Volvo in Nailsea, near Bristol. Alex gould, 18, later died in hospital and another man was seriously injured. bisset admitted causing death by dangerous driving and possessing a class a drug. he was jaile
countries such as Jordan face a "serious problem" in coping with so many young refugees. he calls for more international financial support to help build schools and train teachers. "the international community will pay a high price if we don't stand together to face this serious problem"
bidders appear to be deterred by the asking price of 1.5bn rupees ($22m; £15m) the businessman is said to have some $1.4bn of unpaid debts. he sold a large chunk of united spirits to diageo
project will test the effects of both types of cigarette on volunteers' blood vessel function. 135 adult volunteers will take part in the study funded by the British heart foundation. participants will be split into three groups, with one continuing to smoke tobacco cigarettes.
the academys enterprise trust, which runs weston academy, said it made the "sad decision" due to falling pupil numbers. the 56-pupil school was classed as "inadequate" by Ofsted in march. a petition set up by parent George metcal
the #1in4 campaign aims to raise awareness of mental health issues. the initiative accompanies the BBC's Minds matter season. there are a range of programmes across tv and radio about mental health.
the woman's husband was rescued from the blaze and is being treated in hospital.
one ex-pupil raped six times by Roger Caffrey at his home during a "campaign of rape" a number of offences against his seven victims took place during lesson time. police began investigating him after a victim, who said she was
a 30ft (9m) decomposed whale washed up on the beach at Felixstowe on Sunday. the body of a minke whale was spotted near orford on saturday. scientists do not think the deaths are linked.
Andrea Lewis, 51, was found dead at a home in Tonna, Neath, on 30 January 2016. she had 43 injuries including to her skull and torso. Rhys Hobbs, 46, pleaded guilty to manslaughter in July and was sentenced
india beat pakistan by 224 runs in their first ODI at the Adelaide Oval. kohli made 107 and shared century stands with both shahid afridi and suresh raina. sohail Khan took five wickets for five runs to restrict
Jonathan demme was adept at crafting thrillers, comedies and emotional family dramas. few directors have captured the excitement of live performance better than Demme. he was the first film-maker to bring Hannibal lecter to the screen.
GB Taekwondo have overlooked the world number one three times in favour of 59th ranked Lutalo Muhammad. the move has been investigated by the BOA and they are disappointed by the way the issue has been handled. GB's camp is considering whether to launch legal action
Kester David, 53, was found badly burned under a bridge in Palmers green in 2010. police made a fresh appeal for information about his death last year. on Monday the police said they had closed the reinvestigation into his death.
Richard McAuley, 42, pleaded guilty to murdering his partner, 32-year-old denise dunlop. the court heard that as a result of the attack, the couple's daughter suffered a "complex and traumatic experience" a row between the
teenager suffered serious leg injury in fall at Devil's cave, near Bradford. he was placed on a stretcher and taken to an ambulance waiting nearby. the incident was attended by 18 search and rescue team members.
women at risk of birthing complications are to be taken to Raigmore hospital. the move was agreed on grounds of safety, the health board said. campaigners travelled from Caithness to stage a demonstration outside the meeting.
Saints defeat Leeds Rhinos in the super 8s at headingley. Jonny lomax scores the opening try for the home side. Adam cuthbertson adds to Ryan hall's try.
the election will take place next month and president uhuru Kenyatta is seeking re-election. on friday, the high court ordered the electoral commission not to print ballot papers. the court argued that the tendering process for the ballot papers had not been transparent enough.
the city has been hit by thunderstorms and heavy rains, but there has been no reports of damage. check out this amazing time-lapse video of the storm.
a friend of michael lane tells the court he saw him shortly before she was found. he said he waved to him, who did not wave back and appeared to quicken his pace. the prosecution asserts he was "obsessed" with
tries from Zak hardaker, Mike McMeeken and Jake Webster set them on their way. Greg Eden ran in, webster scored a second-half hat-trick and webster went over again. daryl Powell's side have been in scintill
the sun ran a front page headline calling the comedian a "hypocrite" it's an accusation often made against the star, who lives in a luxury home. he's been accused of being a hypocrite plenty of times before.
Paul Murray was born in Stoke-on-trent on 12 April, 1975. he was a very content baby right from the start. at school, he enjoyed all sports, but especially football and swimming.
man dressed as police officer arrested on tiny island after hour-long shooting spree. prime minister Jens Stoltenberg said many people were still looking for their children. the suspect is reported by local media to have had links with right-wing extremists. police say they are investigating whether the
remains of Elaine O'hara, 36, were found in the Dublin mountains. she was last seen on 22 august 2012, the day of her alleged murder. judge said 40 days of evidence boils down to what happened in the three hours after she vanished.
North Ferriby united beat Bromley 2 in the north east derby. Blair Turgott scored the winner in the dying minutes at Grange Lane.
the 43-year-old scored over 24,000 runs during 12 seasons at hove. he helped them win three county championship titles and four limited-overs trophies. mark Davis appointed head coach in November, with Keith greenfield named director of cricket.
Ronaldsway airport closed due to plane not being able to taxi off runway. ferry service from Douglas to Heysham cancelled. strong winds have also brought trees and power cables down across the island.
weaker commodity prices and consumer spending, together with a slowdown in its key trading partner, china, have hurt growth. Towards the end of last year, the economy expanded by just over 5%, boosted by government spending. analysts have said growth is unlikely to improve for some time
teenagers performed better than adults at a picture-based game. brain scans showed higher levels of activity in the hippocampus and striatum. researchers say findings could point to new ways of teaching teenagers.
the victim was killed about a mile from a west glacier campground. bear attacks are rare in the area with only 10 deaths reported since the park was created in 1910. the dead rider was taken off his saddle by the bear.
fewer than half of londoners say they will feel safe on the Night Tube. 144 stations will be open all night to try to "set behavioural standards" but the met says overall crime levels will be unaffected.
Christopher Daldorph, 45, spent up to two hours a day over 14 years viewing the material. officers from the national crime agency found 20 devices at his home in westwick, weston-super-mare. one hard drive alone contained more than 150,000 images and videos.
Zimbabwe's nine-wicket defeat by group a winners india ensured Ireland's place in the top three. the Irish lost to india and hosts Sri Lanka but beat Zimbabwe and Thailand. they are also joined in the super six by south africa, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Merlin entertainments group filed an application in 2014 to build lodges which was rejected by the council. the firm applied for permission to erect up to 20 permanent lodges and create room for 41 glamping tents. neighbours at the site objected to the lodges, with one
everton midfielder james McCarthy has been advised not to join the ireland squad. the 25-year-old has been ruled out of the republic's world cup qualifier against Austria. republic manager martin o'Neill said this week that Koeman
sameena imam's body was found buried at an allotment in Leicester in January. she had been having a two-year affair with costco store manager Roger cooper. he denies murdering his colleague after driving her from coventry to Leicester. his brother
the 16-euro fee is likely to deter travellers from completing bookings on services including expedia, Opodo and ebookers. one expert said this not only helped cut airlines' costs but also allowed them to them promote add-on services. the booking services suggest their own platforms are often
IFA Disciplinary Committee opted not to impose any sanction on carrick. committee said it would "exercise its discretion" in the matter. decision "contradicted the IFA's obligation to apply objectivity", says Warrenpoint town.
researchers say telomeres indicate whether a young creature is likely to live long into old age. zebra finches were used as a test to see how early and accurately they could predict a longer life. the researchers took blood samples from a group of 99 finches and measured
the minimum prison term has risen from 20 to 40 years. maximum prison sentence will rise from 50 to 140 years for those who kill their victims. the number of kidnappings reported to the police in recent years has increased.
Frances cappuccini, 30, died after losing 2.3 litres of blood at tunbridge wells hospital. consultant anaesthetist said stimulator drugs should have been in every theatre. inquest heard another doctor removed her breathing tube too soon.
the men were among a group of people arrested late last year. homosexual acts are illegal in Nigeria under both Islamic and secular law. same-sex marriages and gay groups are now banned.
IAAF extends Russia's doping ban to cover 2017 world championships. national drug-testing agency remains suspended over allegations of covering up doping. some athletes from the country could compete in London under a neutral banner.
jamal Kiyemba, a former UK resident, was arrested with the help of us officials. he was freed from Guantanamo bay in 2006 without being charged with any offence. prosecutor Joan Kagezi was shot dead a day before the trial of men accused
governor says law has been "grossly misconstrued" as anti-gay. RFRA gives firms and groups the right to express their religious beliefs. critics believe it provides a way for opponents of gay marriage to continue their opposition. the backlash has made all
the pop singer from Ely, Cardiff, topped the list following an online vote. in second place was blackwood-born james dean bradfield of manic street preachers. musical theatre performer John Owen Jones came in third.
Guido tognoni worked "extremely closely" with the Fifa president during his second term. the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments is the subject of a Swiss criminal investigation. Russia and Qatar deny wrongdoing, while Blatter has not
Avni metra, 53, came to the uk in 1998, one year after killing two brothers in Albania. metra was convicted in his absence of both murders and possession of firearms. he told an earlier extradition hearing: "there is no justice in Albania. there
england and scotland will defy Fifa's ban on players wearing poppies in their meeting on friday. a compromise was reached in which Wales players were allowed to wear armbands with the poppy symbol in a friendly against Norway in 2011.
the items date from the 1900s to the 1950s. buyers from the us, Israel and Holland attended the auction in Exeter. a us navy helium diving helmet took top price for a single item at £8,000.
a body has been recovered from the river Nith near to dumfries town centre. it is believed to have been spotted by a member of the public at about 09:30 on Saturday. the recovery operation was carried out with the assistance of Nith Inshore Rescue.
20-year-old scored three goals in 27 games on loan at league one play-off winners barnsley. rejected a new contract offer from Preston, who will be owed compensation. made just six appearances for north end last season.
letter from an NHS England official to managers and GPs suggests vulnerable practices could be left to "wither by the system" note claims NHS England is no longer able to "continue supporting practices irrespective of their ability... to transform appropriately" it comes as media reports suggest barely any of a special fund
Wallace scored the club's first european goal in a 5-0 win over Iceland in 1964. the 71-year-old has not lost a trace of his south wales lilt when he speaks. he is the son of former Scotland international Dougie Wallace,
all Wales anti-slavery conference in Llandudno on friday. victims due to share their experiences at the event. new UK independent slavery commissioner, Kevin Hyland, also expected to address the event.
the tunnels, which are 120ft below the surface, have now been opened up for public visits by transport for London and the London transport museum.
former striker Alan shearer tells match of the day that Ashley must "stop selling their best players" interim manager John carver says he hoped to remain in charge of the club. former manager Kevin Keegan says Ashley "runs the club from another planet"
chelsea striker aluko quit the team in may 2016 after making the claims. the 30-year-old claims she also felt "undermined and belittled" by staff. an independent report found no evidence of wrongdoing by manager mark sampson
self-inflicted deaths rise 69% from 52 in 2012-13 to 88 in 2013-14. prisons minister says there is no evidence linking rise to government policy. cannabis substitutes Spice and Black Mamba are particular "causes for concern"
Scotland manager steve bruce has indicated a willingness to cap some of the country's young talents as he begins preparations for the 2018 World cup qualifying campaign. some of BBC Scotland's football analysts give their thoughts on which players deserve the chance to impress the national manager.
man, 28, and woman, 35, arrested on suspicion of possession of firearms. army's explosive ordnance disposal unit was called to the scene. police said it was "not a terrorist related incident"
Foden scored his third try in two matches as saints beat Quins 24-3 in the premiership. the 26-year-old says he will have to push himself to the limit if he continues to perform. england coach Stuart Lancaster will name his squad for the six nations
duffy, 26, raced into a 3-0 lead and beat the world number nine easily. a furious ding criticised the playing conditions at the york barbican. three-time winner higgins continued his impressive form with a 6-1 victory.
blackpool council will decide on 17 June whether to extend its free school breakfast scheme. 12,000 pupils are offered milk, fruit juice, cereal and toast in a bid to benefit their performance in school. researchers have examined the scheme's benefits.
Garry Reed joined swimbridge primary school in 1982, but retires this christmas. he is known by his students as "a funny teacher with very good jokes"
the 25-year-old steps up to the national league after 22 appearances for rushall this season. he is the fifth signing since manager Liam McDonald took over at damson park.
forensic anthropologist helping police since remains were found at Pentrellyncymer in November. police said the man is believed to be aged over 54 and between 5ft 8in (172cm) and 5fe 10in (177cm). forensic tests by experts continue to enable
the boys of the township were carrying out the traditional ritual of going from house to house on this special evening. the boys would shout in gaelic "Hogmanay and new year hooray" this alerted the folk that the big boys were on their way with the upper age limit
passengers will be able to undertake border clearance procedures for both Hong Kong and china successively in one building in west Kowloon, hong kong. the government says that will be more convenient for passengers, but opponents say it could violate Hong Kong law. it's part of efforts to
30 new military advisers will raise australia's total deployment to 300. the troops will help train Afghan security forces. there are about 13,000 Nato troops currently in the country.
the 42-year-old was crossing a road when he was hit by a Mercedes Vito. he died in Glasgow royal infirmary. the man driving the van was not injured.
members of the NASUWT criticise loosening of rules on who schools can employ to teach children. the government says the changes allow schools to hire talented people. but the union says it is about saving money.
FTSE 100 company said it would not be able to afford the rising cost of its contribution to the pension plan from 2018. unite will consider strike action if royal mail does not "respond positively" and the CWU said "unagreed" changes would face a ballot
Stevens made his home debut for the island side in their 19-13 loss to ealing. he joined the club from financially-stricken London Welsh last month. the centre says the club need to be pushed forward.
the X-47B jet is being designed by weapons manufacturer northrop Grumman for the us navy. it was in the air for 29 minutes during its maiden flight and reached an altitude of 5,000 feet. officials say it will help form part of a new generation of unmanned drone
the firm wants to reduce spending by $1.4bn (£900m) partly through a 15% cut in its workforce. the cost-cutting efforts announced on Wednesday will include culling around 4,500 jobs.
three fire engines were called to railway street, tunstall, at about 2320 GMT on Tuesday. the cause was believed to be accidental. two people suffering from smoke inhalation were rescued from a first floor window.
three of those executed had been convicted of an attack in Tiananmen square last year. Xinhua says they were "deprived of political rights for life" because of their role. the government has accused separatist militants based in Xinjiang of a string
the hall was transferred to the control of community group Glamis Hall for all. wellingborough borough council had planned to close it saying it was "no longer fit for purpose" about 180 people use the hall's facilities regularly.
incident happened at about 17:50 BST on friday near to court road, Barry. child was taken to the university hospital of Wales in Cardiff. anyone with information is asked to call 101.
credit card providers have different ways of calculating redress for mis-sold ppi. MBNA's compensation offers are significantly lower than high street banks'. banks must put customers back in the same financial position they would have been in if they had never had PPI
system was developed by scientists at the university of west of england. wee is fed into a special machine called a microbial fuel cell. bacteria break down the wee and create electrons. these electrons are then forced through an electronic circuit, creating a flow of
social network has been using artificial intelligence software to scan satellite imagery. it hopes to use the information to determine where internet-beaming drones would best be deployed. but it suggests others could also make use of the maps.
Widnes trailed 12-6 at half-time but responded through Ryan atkins and Kevin brown for a two-point lead after the break. tries from Jay chapelhow and a penalty from Patrick Ah Van gave the visitors the lead. the win was Warrington's fifth straight victory
the international cycling union (UCI) is "extremely unhappy" with the poster. the poster shows a hand moving towards a girl's backside. it mimics the antics of 2014 winner Peter Sagan who pinched a podium girl at the 2013 tour of flander
fighting between rival forces prompted Kai to leave his family and flee to the camp. "they would come and start shooting at us and we would disperse," says Kai. humanitarian organisations have been forced to rely heavily on air transport.
the incident occurred in the early hours of monday. a man threw a brick at the vehicle, smashing the windscreen. the officers were left shaken, but physically unharmed.
the actress is part of her new role as a united nations goodwill ambassador for women. she hopes to challenge peoples views about women and the inequalities they suffer.
the office of rail regulation has taken a look at Network rail's performance between April and October this year. maintenance work is already £40m over budget, and rising. punctuality is 0.7% below target. bad data means more delays for passengers and higher costs for the taxpayer.
Egypt go on to play burkina faso in their quarter-final on saturday. Ghana beat DR Congo 2-1 to set up a meeting with cameroon. abdel-moneim, also known as Kahraba, scored the winner
Insp Ken Mackaill and det sgt Stuart hinton are accused of gross misconduct. the men met the tory MP at his constituency office in 2012 to find out what he had said during a row in downing street. a recording of the meeting cast doubt
police said his death may be linked to an "altercation" at a flat in Croydon road. an inquest into Mr farr's death has been opened and adjourned.
about 100 people are expected at this year's Handlebar annual meeting. the club, which has monthly meetings in London, raises money for charity. Founded by comedians and broadcasters including Jimmy Edwards and Raymond Glendenning.
china has invested heavily in Zambian copper mining and other sectors. the country is also home to a growing Chinese community. there has been some tension between the Chinese and Zambians in the past.
crossmaglen Rangers player Aaron cunningham claimed he was the victim of verbal abuse during the 2 December Ulster football final. one Kilcoo player is to be banned for six months and another for four months. the two suspensions have yet to be officially confirmed by the Ulster
seven-time grand slam champion loses in straight sets to world no.1 Andy Murray. american made 19 unforced errors in the fourth-round match, three times more than the Scot. he is the youngest player in the world top 20, but has been involved in contro
Trump said they did not discuss his plan to make Mexico pay for the wall. but the Mexican leader later tweeted: "i made it clear Mexico would not pay for wall" forcing Mexico to pay for a wall has become a rallying cry among his supporters.
scientists believe metformin may mimic the effects of extreme calorie restriction. this regime, which is based on eating a very low calorie diet, is thought to promote healthy ageing. the human implications of the study are unclear, the researchers report in the journal, nature communications.
mark Roy Mason, 48, was assaulted outside home bargains on marsh road, rhyl. he was taken to hospital but later died. north Wales police said a white Renault Kangoo drove into the car park.
ex-leeds prop Bailey, 31, joined after the start of the season. forward cox, 24, arrived on a one-year deal from Hull kr. australian prop dodds, 27, had an injury-hit season.
incident happened at junction of Holburn street and Holburn road at about 03:00. officers briefly gave chase when the vehicle failed to stop for them in crown street. police said they gave up their pursuit for safety reasons.
the 31-year-old joined the black cats from juve for £6.5m in 2013. after an impressive first season, he struggled to make an impact. he spent last season on loan at Serie a side bologna.
archaeologists unearthed an ornate roman coin, medieval silver pennies, a copper figurine, window glass and a key. foundations showed the original structure of Auckland Castle was "significantly larger" than thought. excavations have been carried out ahead of a new museum
former sun editor compares everton midfielder to a "gorilla" in an article. macKenzie says it is "beyond parody" to describe the column as "racist" police are investigating whether his comments constitute "racial hate crime"
the deal ends months of speculation about the future of the club. the deal is subject to ratification by the national league. supporters have raised concerns about GI.
police often question adults with mental illness or learning issues without one. theresa may said the situation was "not acceptable" appropriate adults are trained volunteers who help with communication. they were introduced in the 1980s following miscarriages of justice involving vulnerable people.
Stuart hogg (scotland) is a 24-year-old Lions debutant. leigh halfpenny (wales) is Ulster's 31st-year Lions rookie. jack nowell (england) and Owen farrell (en
United have won all three of their opening league games this season and have yet to concede a goal. radamel falcao and phil jagielka both miss penalties for manchester united. manchester city's 2-0 win over chelsea leaves them second in the premier
"decriminalisation of the licence fee should be on the table" before 2017, says culture secretary. in 2012 about 155,000 were convicted and fined for not paying the £145.50 fee. 180,000 people prosecuted - accounting for more than one in 10 criminal prosecutions.
new "uk settled status" will grant those who have spent five years in the UK equal rights on healthcare, education, benefits and pensions. two other thorny issues have to be resolved early on - the UK's divorce bill and the northern Ireland border. an estimated 3.2 million EU
houli chemlal is one of four surviving suspects who gave evidence to the court. he and Driss Oukabir have both been charged with membership of a terrorist organisation and murder. Salah al-Karib has been detained pending further investigations,
sion Davies, 25, died after falling off a balcony at Anthony Munkley's flat in wrexham. footage of the attack was filmed on Mr Davies's phone and played to the jury. Lee Roberts, 33, and 53-year-old mr Mun
michael robson, 44, who is serving a prison sentence for manslaughter, absconded from Hatfield prison in doncaster on Thursday. he was originally convicted of murder in 1996 but had his sentence reduced after an appeal in 2006.
McIlroy says there will be "no limitations" on his swing at the players championship. the 28-year-old suffered a recurrence of a stress fracture in his ribs in the close season. he will play in the Scottish Open at Dundonal
the MP for Tottenham said it was "absolutely time" for a new generation to "step up to a leadership role" he is putting together a bid to be Labour's candidate for mayor of London in 2016. but he has not discounted a tilt at the top job
former nurse paula vasco-knight, 53, used £11,072 of NHS cash to pay her husband. he also changed his plea to admit fraud at Exeter crown court. she and her husband Stephen were released on bail to 10 march for sentencing.
Google will allow advertisers to see whether online ad campaigns generate offline sales. the company said that it captures around 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the us. critics said it represented another blow to privacy.
the woman was picked up from candlemaker row, Edinburgh, at 03:30am. she was taken to a layby just past the hillend ski slope, near the Boghall Farm in midlothian. the suspect was described as being of south Asian appearance, aged 35-40.
net migration added 259,700 to population growth, more than "natural growth" 25% of all births in 2013 were to mothers born outside the UK. overall number of births was down compared with the previous year.
the new contract does not extend the italian manager's commitment to the club. the 47-year-old signed a three-year contract on his arrival in west London in the summer of 2016. he guided the blues to the premier league title at the first attempt in the 2016-17 season
Guernsey will face Thamesmead town in the FA cup on 20 august. the tie was moved from footes lane in 2013 as the ground was being used by a rugby club. if a replay is needed after a home draw, it must take place
Dame Margaret says it would be better to ditch the garden bridge than risk uncertain costs. review found costs spiralling out of control from an early estimate of £60m to over £200m now. if the bridge did not go ahead it would cost the taxpayer £46.4m.
water gushed into several businesses including the curzon cinema, which had to be evacuated. fire crews then helped some people in the venue cross the flooded pavement. Thames water said a large pipe burst damaging the road but no customers were without water on Sunday.
leaked documents reveal names of two civil servants who told figures in the renewable heat industry in July 2015 the scheme was soon to end. the news letter has received business emails appearing to indicate that information was circulating about the scheme's imminent end. it's been claimed that a spike in RHI
dr Helen Nicoll, 53, was found dead at home in great Wilbraham, cambridgeshire. her husband and partner in their dental practice was arrested on suspicion of murder. a post-mortem examination revealed Mrs Nicoll died from asphyxiation.
Roy Oliver, 37, fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party. he was sacked a few days later for policy violations. the officer faces five to 99 years in prison on the murder charge.
"we know solution for everything, but not terrorism," the pm said in a speech. his latest "gaffe" has led to the top-trending "despitebeingawoman" hashtag on twitter. analysts say he may have been trying to highlight the importance of "women
the 50-year-old from Felstead in essex plans to row the Atlantic a second time. will live aboard his carbon fibre rowing boat, the soma of Essex. each day he will have to eat about 7,000 calories and make his own water.
real madrid forward heads in a cross from Miguel Veloso to give portugal the lead. Sweden went close through Johan Elmander, Sebastian Larsson and Kim Kallstrom. the second leg will take place at Solna's friends arena on tuesday
the five men were on board the anti-piracy vessel, the seaman guard Ohio. they face charges including straying into Indian waters and carrying weapons without permission. another man, Paul towers from Yorkshire, remains in jail along with the ship's Ukrainian captain.
regaining full control of Sangin would increase the Taliban's mobility in the north of the province. it would also cut a key supply line for Afghan forces with Lashkar gah. the district is also a rich opium production centre - meaning potential tax revenue for the
Ron Jones was captured in 1943 fighting in the middle east, and after nine months in italy, was transferred to forced labour camp E715. there he spent 12 hours a day, six days a week, working with hazardous chemicals in the IG Farben works. on Sundays they were permitted to
the only thing you can predict about Glastonbury is its unpredictability. if you turn up to the festival with nothing but a pair of flip-flops and a floaty dress, you only have yourself to blame. every year, festival founder Michael Eavis holds
72 firefighters took five hours to extinguish the fire in Earl's court. they rescued 12 people from inside the building, three from next door and two from the roof of a neighbouring property. nobody was hurt but 150 people were evacuated.
Ivory coast asked that all drilling be suspended, but tribunal ruled this would risk "considerable financial loss" to Ghana. the area is believed to contain large reserves of oil, which both countries are keen to exploit. pending a ruling on the precise maritime border, the tribunal told both countries
of 151 drivers stopped by Thames valley police, 137 were using their phone. an unmarked lorry was used to spot offending motorists during a five-day period. police said they were disappointed with the figures.
Chesterfield striker denies raping a 19-year-old woman at a premier inn in 2011. he was found guilty of rape in 2012 but his conviction was quashed in April. the prosecution and defence have now both presented their evidence to the jury.
leigh halfpenny is probably the best goal-kicker in the world. england's Anthony Watson looked very dangerous in attack when deployed at full-back. Jonathan Joseph has made up some ground in an intriguing battle for the midfield slots.
a mother and at least two kits have been observed on a river near Beauly. the presence of beavers has been found previously in the Highlands. government has instructed that the animals be trapped and kept in captivity.
onlookers said the men were prisoners but this has yet to be confirmed. fire engines are at the scene but mid and west Wales fire service would not give details of an incident. south Wales police said it is not involved.
sunderland chairman Ellis short says he is "truly saddened by Dick's decision" 68-year-old Dutchman Advocaat was due to leave the club in the summer. he has signed a new one-year contract after only eight games in charge.
learning partnership west runs job clubs, mentoring and support in a £3m contract from Bristol city council. a dozen whistleblowers raised concerns Nicola burcham's leadership created a "culture of fear". the former CEO said she had left "a long time ago" and refused
the solar panels will be installed on 50 homes this year, 1,000 next year and 950 in 2016/2017. councillor Cathy Scott said the panels will reduce household bills by £100 each year. the council hoped the project would be self-financing.
captain Leon Smith urged the LTA to use that triumph to inspire future players. the 28-year-old said he "did not know where the next generation are" the world number two inspired great Britain to win the Davis Cup for the first time in 79 years.
Wilder's side were confirmed champions after rivals lost to Luton Town. club owed repayments on a £10.25m loan to the local borough council. in November, the club faced a winding-up petition from HM Revenue & Customs.
the 29-year-old committed two fouls but jumped 7.90m with his last effort to go through as the 10th of 12 qualifiers. he has won gold at his last four major championships and is the Olympic, world, Commonwealth and european long jump champion.
"those responsible must be held to account," says shadow home secretary. he says there had been a "27-year cover-up" over clashes between miners and police. "no-one should have to endure what the families and survivors have been through," she says
the young piebald cob was found with a hind leg infested with maggots. the pony had obviously been dumped and left to die. on advice of the vet, the pony was put down to end her severe pain.
the government agreed in January to take some lone child refugees directly from north africa and middle east. but it rejected calls to accept 3,000 children who had made it to Europe. now, in a change of heart, children registered in Greece, italy or france before 20 march will be
paxman created a media storm when he fronted newsnight with a full beard. he branded the BBC "pogonophobic" - which means having a fear of beards. his newly-hired appearance caused a f
leftfield's first full-length studio album for 16 years debuted at number six. Jason derulo achieved a third week at number one in the singles chart. the Official chart will move to Fridays from 10 July.
reforms to the country's controversial travel and emigration rules could be introduced. opposition from party bureaucrats faces losing their job under the changes. president warns lawmakers that "bureaucratic resistance is useless"
south will have three teams, with one based at the Oval with Surrey. the north will have two sides, in Lancashire and Yorkshire, while the Midlands team will be at Loughborough University. all six hosts have been awarded hosting rights for a four-year period from 2016-
in 2013/14, 99,293 students went to further education colleges, but that fell to 82,818 in 2015/16. there was a 15% drop in the number of enrolments at FE colleges over the same period. sources working in the FE sector said the decline
around 200 people are feared to have drowned as they tried to cross from Libya to italy. police in Italy have detained 10 suspected traffickers after 52 people were found dead in the hold of a ship off the coast of Libya on Wednesday. the migrant crisis showed that un
ceasefire was agreed between the Syrian government and rebel groups fighting against them. four million people, including children, have been forced to leave the country. ceasefire is an agreement by opposing sides to stop fighting in a war.
ex-player was abused while at Crewe Alexandra from the age of 11 to 15. his abuser, Barry Bennell, was jailed for nine years in 1998. warnock said he gave other alleged victims the courage to speak out.
contracts approved for works at Slessor Gardens and at the rear of the Caird hall. work will include the creation of the discovery walk of fame. contractor Sir Robert McAlpine was awarded the £250,000 contract.
former hooker will replace head coach of the Wellington Lions in new zealand. Clarke was part of the Ulster team which won the 1999 heineken cup. the 49-year-old helped the province win the 2006 Celtic League title.
the 31-year-old ruptured the Achilles tendon in his other leg at the end of last season. he will also miss Scotland's squad for the world cup starting in october.
Watson lost out to Ryan Moore for the final wildcard spot but will still play a key role for the us in hazeltine. love said Watson completed an "interesting group" of vice-captains. players, officials and fans will pay their respects to golfing great Arnold Palmer
nico rosberg and mercedes team-mate hamilton collided on the last lap of the Austrian gp. the two drivers were racing for the lead and stewards penalised them for 10 seconds. but a spokesman for team boss
remains of five soldiers found during construction work near french village of Beaucamps-Ligny. all the soldiers were with 2nd Battalion The York and Lancaster Regiment, and believed to have died in battle on 18 October 1914. the men are due to be given a funeral with full military
Ukraine took the lead through andriy yarmolenko after a header from artem fedetskiy. sergio seleznyov converted a cross from a corner for the second half. jasmin kurtic wasted a fine chance for
Ospreys are without a top-tier knockout place since 2010. they are currently seventh in the pro12 table, four points behind second-placed Ulster. captain alun Wyn Jones admits they face a tough task to make the 2016-17 tournament.
the new westbound section of the M8 between newhouse and baillieston opened a week ahead of schedule. the eastbound section is due to open next weekend. it means the entire stretch between Edinburgh and Glasgow is now motorway.
first laid down way back in 1863 and it's fair to say they've come a long way since then.
21-time grand slam champion questioned on equal pay after semi-final win. defending champion won 6-2 6-0 on centre court in just 48 minutes. she will face australian open champion angelique kerber in final on saturday.
charity launches online support service for 11- to 17-year-olds. founder says mental health is "one of the last great medical taboos in the uk today" report calls for awareness of mental health to be integrated into every aspect of young people's development.
police say Nashat melhem was tracked down to a mosque in his home town of arara. he was killed in a gun battle after opening fire at a bar in Tel aviv. police have not yet established a motive for the killings.
mark king, 21, earlier admitted stabbing 37-year-old Steven Downes in glasgow. court heard that in the January attack, mr downes had been stabbed in the back, face, arm and side. judge Lord Clark highlighted the "pattern of
Tiffany Li posted $4m in cash and pledged $61m in property, ap reports. her lawyer says she is "well-liked in the community" she has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to kill and dispose of body of a man.
government has said key nursery workers must have a grade C in GCSE english and maths. campaign group save our early years said there was now evidence that this requirement was blocking staff career paths. figures show about 12,500 students completed the Level 3 Early Years Educator course between July and September 2015
Janet yellen said economic growth and a stronger jobs market meant "the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months" the central bank raised interest rates at the end of last year for the first time in nearly a decade. some economists are saying that the next hike
the FTSE 100 closed lower, having traded higher for much of the sessions, losing 10.75 points, or 0.15% at 7,339.37. shares in direct line fell 2.9% after the insurer reported a fall in full-year profits due to changes in the way that compensation payments are calculated. pre
cnn's john sutter tries out a new fake girlfriend service. called invisible girlfriend, it promises to create your perfect girlfriend. you pick from one of six broad personality types - there are only six types of women.
Kimberly Mpukusa, 18, became the number one Welsh under 18s tennis player. she started playing tennis aged nine on a school trip, and her dad read books to help her. the event's first youth awards, Young Gifted and Black, took place in Cardiff on
the teenager was walking on the ancrum road crossing when she was hit. she is receiving treatment at ninewells hospital. police have appealed for witnesses to contact them.
root promoted from vice-captain to captain of the english cricket team. the 26-year-old has only played four first-class matches under his belt. he is a year older than captain michael vaughan but a full year younger than cook.
GMP apologises for racial stereotyping for using fake terrorist shouting "Allahu akbar" in mock terror attack. police said it was not linked to any specific terror threat. organisers of the meeting at longsight saath
actor, 24, played stormtrooper Finn in star wars: the force awakens. he was a member of Theatre Peckham's company from age nine to 14. boyega is currently filming Star wars episode eight.
Greg Stewart and Kane Hemmings struck early for Dundee. Alex Schalk netted on half-time for the visitors. Craig Wighton and Stewart with a fine solo goal made the points safe.
the government has been accused of failing to do more to help 2.6 million women born in the 1950s who have lost out because of changes to pension law. minister Guy Opperman said he would look at cases of financial hardship. but he faced shouts of "shame on you"
the £22m plan to turn the Grade I-listed building into a centre for heritage, learning and enterprise. it is hoped the work will be completed in time for the university's 150th anniversary in 2022. the college was bought in 1867 by the university of Wales for just £
the serious flooding affected large parts of county Londonderry as well as nearby donegal. on Wednesday morning, the flood water was still several feet high outside the Drumahoe venue after the nearby River Faughan burst its banks. Friday's championship game against ballyclare
notts county appoint new chief executive Jason Turner as football operations director. sports PR firm founder Paul mace and property consultancy director Jon enever join the club. commercial director Amanda Fletcher joins the board as well as finance director corrine rigby.
some 450,000 asylum seekers have entered germany already this year. up to a million are expected in 2015 - by far the most in the EU. the federal government has insisted it can cope with the high numbers. but it admits its capacity has been stretched to the limit.
scientists are studying how the Indian monsoon behaved in the past. the research will shed light on the impact of climate change. simulations of future climate suggest a 5-10% increase in rain over india.
medics are demanding the government honour a 2013 deal to increase salaries. about 5,000 medical staff in more than 2,000 public hospitals stopped working on sunday. the union says it has run out of patience after commitments failed to materialise.
incident involved an MV-22 Osprey belonging to the us marines based in japan. teams rescued 23 people including the crew. circumstances of the incident off the east coast of australia are still under investigation.
caller said there was an injured or possibly dead snake at green street park. the caller had been "too scared" to get any closer. coreen hill said it was "always better to be safe than sorry"
defence secretary michael fallon says first steel will be cut next summer. a contract for two new offshore patrol vessels will be signed shortly. the Type 26 frigate is principally designed for anti-submarine warfare. first vessel is due to enter service in the early 2020s
attack marks a change in approach by so-called Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan. it's the first time they have engaged directly with security forces in the capital. president Ashraf Ghani said the attack at the hospital "trampled all human values"
parade of soldiers along Llandudno promenade to re-affirm the freedom of the county of conwy. Hundreds of residents and holidaymakers turned out to see the march in the shadow of the Great Orme headland.
about 10,000 Indians are reported to be working in northern and western Iraq. scores of them have returned to india since fighting began. nurses received a tumultuous welcome at the airport, led by their families.
saints captain claims he was punched by Kiernan during last week's 1-1 draw. "it was a corner and he caught me in the ribs," Anderson said after the match. the Scottish FA disciplinary hearing regarding the incident will take place on 12 January
Hatters are 14 points clear at the top of the conference premier table. the conference side have been in the league since 2009 after 89 years in the football league. late kick off east team will be assessing the impact of dropping out of the Football League and the difficulty of getting back up.
Brechin city drew 2-2 with livingston at the Glebe park. Kalvin Orsi and Finn Graham scored to halve the visitors' deficit. aaron lynas (Brechin City) wins free kick in the defensive half.
ministers have been talking to labour MPs to try to persuade them to back intervention. some of his MPs support it and may rebel if ordered to vote against. events in Syria are "beyond appalling", says mr corbyn.
the skeleton of "thankerton man" was found in a stone cist in 1970. it was radiocarbon-dated to between 2460BC and 2140BC. the reconstruction was produced by specialists from Dundee university.
45 people have been infected with a strain of E. coli. 43 of them reported eating at a Chipotle restaurant. the chain temporarily closed 43 outlets in and around Washington and Oregon states.
a 15-year-old girl has been subjected to an online and in-person harassment campaign. people on facebook have threatened "they are going to get" her daughter. the girl's mother says local children have been ringing her doorbell looking for her. "this is
taiwan's first female leader is steely in her belief that Taiwan's future should be determined by its people. many Taiwanese see her as a quiet enigmatic force, difficult to predict. she has described herself as someone who likes to walk next to
third seed roger federer faces italian 25th seed Andreas seppi on centre court. british no. 110 dane will play canada's vasek pospisil on court one. world no. 1 novak djokovic and
the company behind the scheme warned in October that building work was being delayed by a year to 2017. tidal lagoon power said it was still negotiating with ministers over an agreed price for the energy generated. press reports on Thursday said the company had cut workforce numbers at its base in Gloucestershire.
the number of people accepting welfare advice rose from 5,527 to 5,790. the charity rehomed more than 1,750 animals across Wales. one case involved a lurcher cross who was dumped injured in a playing field.
former pit lane engineer gives his predictions for the 2015 formula one season. former world champions Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg are the favorites to win the title. red bull's junior team, Toro Rosso, have handed 17-year-old max verstappen his debut.
48 passengers on the megabus Preston to London service were led off the coach. they were forced to sit apart in a cordon on the opposite carriageway. the motorway was closed between junctions T3 and T4 near Lichfield. police said they were no longer treating the incident as
councils spent £300,000 from their general funds on legal action against the runway. the four councils failed in an attempt to challenge the decision to build the runway at the high court. by 2020 there will be a budget gap of around £2bn in local government.
sea levels recorded at 1.83m above normal in port of wismar. severe winter conditions also hit northern germany and northern sweden. overnight temperature fell to -41.7c at Muonio in Finnish Lapland.
coffins of four people who resisted the nazis in world war two are inducted at the pantheon. president francois Hollande said the group "embodied the spirit of the resistance" there are now 74 men interred at the mausoleum, the first being
pensioner found by her son when he arrived to visit her on Sunday morning. she was unable to get up from the floor or call for help after a man forced his way into her home. the man also stole cash from the house in townhill road, Hamilton.
William McGirt leads at augusta after first round of the masters. compatriot sunk nine birdies in a seven-under 65 to lead by four shots. world number one dustin Johnson pulls out with back injury. rory mcilroy
justice minister Claire sugden confirms motion will go before assembly for approval. move will bring Northern Ireland in line with plans for automatic pardons in england and wales. dubbed 'turing's law', after world war two code-breaker Alan Turing
history and english teacher, Kirsty parkes, cannot apply to be re-registered for one year. it follows a hearing held by the general teaching council for Scotland in June. the panel said the teacher's conduct "fell significantly short of the standards expected"
the coventry festival of motoring has had??20,000 of funding withdrawn by city council. organisers said the funding withdrawal was "not the only reason" they had made the decision to cancel the festival, which attracted 40,000 visitors in 2014.
national police chiefs' council says "significant number of calls" received after former players alleged past abuse by coaches. greater Manchester police said it was investigating reports from 35 people. the 17 forces looking into allegations of historical child sex abuse in football also include the metropolitan police, north Yorkshire police, police
Phil Taylor beats Adrian Lewis to reach the last four of the premier league. van Gerwen will meet Gary Anderson in the other semi-final at the o2 arena. fellow Scot Wright finished second to qualify for his first play-offs.
there are currently 893 Changing Places toilets in the UK but what exactly are they? they are different from standard disabled toilets as they have extra features and more space to help meet the needs of people who use them. campaigners are calling for changes in building regulations to make these guidelines compulsory.
RBSS said Ahmad Mohammed al-Mousa was killed by a group of masked men. the group have no further details, but at least two other members have been killed by IS since 2014. IS claimed responsibility for the kidnapping of Mr Mousa's father and
the majority of young people in the uk do not opt for academic study after the age of 16. the report says there is an over-emphasis on higher education and lack of training options. it criticises a "confused" qualifications system that does not guarantee quality employment
chinese search engines sign up to anti-phishing scheme to combat phishing scams. move comes as personal details of more than 45 million people stolen in separate attacks. government says thefts "threatened internet safety"
the technology is being trialled at new york red bulls' stadium. a video assistant referee took 30 seconds to review a challenge in a match. video replays will be used to advise on "game-changing" decisions.
Zambia have been drawn in group c alongside Iran and Costa Rica. former champions portugal will also play in their opening match on 21 may. south africa, Guinea and Senegal will also represent africa at the tournament.
worrying stories are often in the news because they are rare - they don't happen very often. discuss the stories with your parents or friends - you'll feel better that you're not the only one worried. if you are having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something you've
prison officer from east Belfast has died at the hands of terrorist murderers. prison officer Adrian Ismay was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in east Belfast on 4 march. "i am personally devastated to hear this news this morning that this prison officer has lost
border between venezuela and Colombia will be closed every night for a month. up to 40% of goods Venezuela subsidises for its domestic market are smuggled to colombia. 17,000-strong contingent "will be enough to guarantee security" along the border.
TV is the leading medium and three major broadcasters dominate the market. there are more than 300 newspapers, most of them local or regional. the constitution guarantees freedom of expression and forbids censorship.
serena williams beats kateryna bondarenko 6-2 6-2 to reach last 16. novak djokovic and rafael nadal also progress to quarter-finals.
the development is due to be completed by spring 2018. it will include a new store, cafe and garden centre, as well as warehouse, offices and parking. there are also plans to develop the site further with a petrol station and leisure facilities.
botham came on from the bench in Wales' 33-0 win against Russia. the 18-year-old is the grandson of former english cricketer sir Ian botham. botham is the son of former Cardiff wing Liam botham, who turned down an offer to play a trial
Peter Sagan takes the green points jersey from mark cavendish. defending champion chris froome finishes in the peloton. team-mate Adam yates keeps the white jersey for best young rider.
the metropolitan police is asking people with information or concerns to contact the NSPCC on its 24-hour helpline on 0808 800 5000. if you have an allegation about inappropriate behaviour on BBC premises, or by BBC presenters or other staff, you can inform the BBC Investigations Unit in confidence
both sides have committed to pulling out materiel carrying weapons with less than 100mm (4in) calibre. the rebels in the donetsk region were quoted as saying that they would start pulling out their weapons on 18 October. in a separate development, OSCE monitors said in
royal mail warns rise of delivery firm Whistl could wipe £200m off sales. pre-tax profits drop to £218m for the six months to 28 September, from £233m last year. company also said it faced increased parcel competition. royal mail has long called for regulator,
"my knowledge of Shakespeare is pretty limited," says the 27-year-old actor. his previous stage plays include Equus, Privacy and The Cripple of inishmaan. the play comes 50 years after its Old Vic premiere.
the women were medics at a field hospital in western aleppo. a fifth order of courage went to a Russian colonel wounded elsewhere.
Schmidt expects the all blacks to come full-strength for the rematch. the world champions beat the Irish 52-21 in Chicago on 5 November. new zealand reacted to their shock loss by beating italy 68-10 on saturday
the general is also under investigation for alleged illicit enrichment. he says the probe will clear his name. the probe was triggered by allegations by a police captain.
atletico madrid beat barcelona 2-1 at the camp nou. lionel messi scores the winner after being set up by suarez. the argentine has now scored 287 goals in the la liga season.
former world number one sent off in play-off match against sorana cirstea. he was heard making a derogatory comment about serena's unborn child. the 70-year-old also insulted a journalist over their reporting of the events.
gareth bale, cristiano ronaldo and giorgio chiellini make the list. the award is based on votes from professional players from 75 countries. 16 premier league players are on the list, including former team-mate n'golo
the 30-year-old has played 12 times for orient since joining in October. Orient are 21st in league two and face mansfield on saturday.
two explosions go off on a busy highway north-east of the city. the buses were crowded at the time of the explosions. recent violence has been blamed by the government on Somali Islamist group al-Shabab.
former sunderland winger accused of two counts of sexual activity with a child. girl, 15, told police she idolized the 28-year-old footballer. she said he asked for a "thank you kiss" after signing two shirts for her. video recording of the
ex-Formula 1 driver was airlifted to hospital from the pocono raceway in Pennsylvania. debris from Sage Karam's car hit him and he crashed into a wall, officials said. his family said he was a "loving father and
the girl, named locally as Holly Hughes, is now in a stable condition. she was flown to the university hospital of Wales in Cardiff after the collision. her mother mother Alison Hind, 28, and her uncle Martin Pugh, 47, were also killed.
light-flyweight Jamie conlan beats hungarian David Koos on points. referee stops contest in fourth round after outclassing bulgarian. conlan now awaits final eliminator for world title fight.
pm says she expects "very frank" talks on areas where their opinions differ. she hopes for early progress on a US-uk trade agreement. but there was a heavily protectionist tone in the inauguration speech.
if the GDP measure is up on the previous three months, the economy is growing. two consecutive three-month periods of contraction mean an economy is in recession. the Treasury also uses GDP when planning economic policy.
the resource details examples from around Scotland which have improved the wellbeing and learning of children in the classroom. approaches include parent questionnaires, a family breakfast club and a walk-to-school programme. the online resource will be added to in the coming weeks.
the marbles were taken from Greece's parthenon by Lord Elgin 200 years ago. barrister amal cliooney had urged Greece to take Britain to the international criminal court. but the country has rejected her advice and will pursue a "diplomatic" approach.
the institute for Fiscal Studies said Chancellor George Osborne could need to make more spending cuts "just to stay on track". it said changes to benefits and tax credits had been expected to save £19bn compared with "a world of no policy change".
the win means Albania leapfrog Denmark into second place in group i. Portugal - who had already qualified as group winners - won 2-1 against Serbia. a kamo hovhannisyan own goal set them on their way, with ledian memushaj and arm
councils across Scotland have moved to reassure high-rise residents over safety. at least 79 people are believed to have died in the grenfell tower blaze. cladding is thought to have contributed to the rapid spread of the fire.
Ighalo has now scored 20 goals in 24 league games in 2015. the striker beat Tim Krul at the near post before rounding Krul before the break. daryl Janmaat gave Newcastle a second-half lifeline from close range.
phase one of the project will see demolition of the ship and anchor pub. an old library building will also be knocked down and a new car park built. councillors hope it could encourage further investment in the town.
at least eight Yanukovych allies have died suddenly in the last three months. most of the deaths are said to have been suicides. officials say it was possible some were killed or forced to take their lives.
Patrick buisson is the man credited with inspiring his former boss's rightward shift. he has released a book of recollections concerning the seven years he served as his aide. the former adviser is scathing about Mr Sarkozy's "na
ex-notts county striker shaun harrad has been training with the dragons. manager Gary mills is also considering signing the 31-year-old from torquay. full-back Jordan Evans has been on trial with the club following his release from Fulham.
the duke of wellington stayed at the castle from 1829 until his death in 1852. english heritage has recreated the carpet and wallpaper in the room where he died. a pair of his original Wellington boots and his death mask are also on show.
previous studies have linked contact with nature and improved wellbeing. this is believed to be the first controlled experiment of its kind. the findings appear in the journal environment and behavior.
drones will be used to scan and assess Easyjet planes and report damage. the flying robots are being developed by experts from the university of Bristol. easyjet is also developing virtual reality video technology.
the two-and-a-half minute clip gives a closer look at the film after a teaser was released in march. it features car chases, exploding planes and shady crime organisations. Spectre will be released in UK cinemas on 26 October
pepsiCo said in march it was consulting about plans to close the Peterlee factory. production would be moved to the company's other UK sites by December. 355 workers had been given notice earlier and all those affected would be offered support.
facility inside the old granada studios building is being used by a new generation of musicians to make music videos for the internet. studio was formerly used by bands to record tracks they could mime on television.
at least 90 NGOs have complained about visits by officials from the prosecutor-general's office, the justice ministry and the tax authorities. officials typically arrive unannounced, or at short notice, and request groups to hand over legal and financial documents, eyewitnesses say. the
Pandemrix was most widely used in the uk during the 2009-10 flu pandemic. it has already been linked to narcolepsy in youngsters from Finland, Sweden and ireland. families who believe they were affected are now considering a group legal action.
the so-called "golden triangle" of UK universities is seen as a breakaway elite group. there are concerns that prominent UK regional universities are falling away. the top 20 still reflects the dominance of wealthy US university powerhouses.
Dewi and Dwynwen, named after two of Wales' most renowned patron saints, are nestled in a romantic "cwtch" their arrival marks the launch of a campaign by heritage body Cadw to bring Wales' history to life.
Lorna waddell, 41, previously admitted obtaining nearly £4,000 by fraud. she was given unpaid work as an alternative to custody. sentencing was deferred until 11 July for reports.
"no jab, no play" laws in some states, but pm calls for nationwide legislation. poll shows 5% of children not fully vaccinated. "this is not a theoretical exercise - this is life and death," pm says.
Oscar Pérez has been a member of the forensic police force for 15 years. president Nicolás maduro has declared him a terrorist. he is accused of stealing a military helicopter and dropping grenades on the court. the ex-minister of interior
nationalists will take control of the UK parliament's energy and climate change select committee. the SNP won 56 of the 59 Westminster constituencies at the general election two weeks ago. that resulted in the party being the third largest, behind the conservatives and labour.
ash die-back is now established and spreading within the uk. researchers are hoping that genetics might yield the knowledge to fight back. data is being put on a crowd sourcing website OpenAshDieBack.
Donald Trump has shown little interest in ditching the campaign trail for prep sessions. polling suggests that voters are finding the increasingly fractious campaign a bit of a turnoff. one group that is particularly exasperated with the candidates appears to be younger voters.
Presidio terrace in san francisco sold at auction for defaulting on tax debt. residents didn't know about sale - and might have to pay new owners for parking. the oval-shaped private compound is seen as one of the city's most prestigious addresses.
Sutton ended their four-game winless run with a 3-0 win over gateshead. jamal fyfield (gateshead) is shown the yellow card. Kieron Cadogan scored a late consolation for the hosts.
the men reportedly ran into bad weather as they were coming down the mountain. last week, the remains of two Japanese climbers who disappeared 45 years ago were found on the Matterhorn.
the 28-year-old was dismissed for a second bookable offence in the 3-1 defeat. he pushed the referee before his team-mates removed him from the pitch. coach Maurizio Sarri has been banned for one game for "challenging the work
medical research suggests the effects of passive smoking on children cost the NHS £23m a year. it leads to 300,000 doctor visits and 9,500 hospital admissions annually and can cause breathing-related problems. three-quarters of smoking parents were shocked by the statistics.
the high-security facility has invited watchdog healthwatch to speak to its residents. they will be asked for their views on a range of healthcare issues. west London mental health NHS trust said it was a "groundbreaking initiative"
the 50p per unit minimum was approved by MSPs in 2012, but has faced legal challenges. the committee on the Licensing Act 2003 also called for an overhaul of local licensing panels. peer baroness McIntosh of pickering called the act "fundamentally
inland surfing lagoon will use technology called Wavegarden to drive waves up to 2m high. tourism minister Edwina hart called it an "iconic attraction for Wales" the plans include a "wave garden" with lagoons, water slide, wakeboard lake, lodges, restaurant, retail and
Kluber struck out eight of the first nine outs registered and perez hit two home runs. the last time the cubs won the world series was in 1908. game two of the best-of-seven series begins on wednesday.
red bull's fernando alonso says his tyres were not ready when he pitted. the mistake cost the australian a win in spain two weeks ago. he says he doesn't want to hear any explanation from the team.
two fans arrested during their team's 2-0 home win over the seagulls on saturday. a 44-year-old man charged with indecent chanting under section 3 of the football offence act. another man aged 21 arrested on suspicion of making ob
bonfires are lit in many loyalist areas of northern ireland on the Eleventh Night of July. they mark the start of the annual commemoration of William of orange's victory over king james II. police are investigating complaints about "distasteful" materials
the US electoral map is tilted against the republican party. swing states - which account for 67 electoral votes - all went for democrat Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012. a national tracking poll has Donald Trump surging to within striking distance of Hillary Clinton.
Swedish couple adopted her when she was two-and-a-half years old. 42 years later, she tracked down her biological mother in india. meeting her mother was "nothing less than a miracle"
Ferrari's kimi raikkonen was 0.234 seconds quicker than his team-mate. title rivals Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel were third and sixth. mercedes' fernando alonso and nico rosberg were fourth and fifth
Peter sutcliffe was convicted of 13 murders and seven attempted murders in 1981. between 1975 and 1980 he preyed on women across greater Manchester and Yorkshire. transferring him to a prison could save up to £250,000 a year.
cabinet had recommended changing Brecon high school to an english-medium school. 32 members of full council opposed the plans, with eight in favour. council report said low pupil numbers and "need to ensure robust linguistic progression"
guitarist tom delonge has left rock band indefinitely, according to bandmates. drummer Travis barker and bassist mark hoppus said he had left "indefinitely" deLonge posted "to all the fans, I never quit the band" on Instagram.
woman had stepped through the hole in a car tyre and became wedged inside. firefighters spent 10 minutes sawing the rubber and the woman was not injured.
United beat crystal palace 2-1 in their premier league clash on wednesday. argentine defender jogo Rojo was sent off for a two-footed lunge on Wilfried Zaha. former english striker Alan shearer says he should have been sent off
president park apologised for allowing a friend inappropriate access to government policy. she agreed to be questioned over the scandal but did not offer to resign. main opposition party said the president's apology lacked sincerity.
child airlifted to hospital after incident on Telelkebir road, pontypridd. he was in a stable condition after suffering serious leg injuries. man charged in connection with incident will appear at court on Thursday.
the last executions in the UK took place in 1964. the death penalty was formally abolished in Britain in 1965 and in northern ireland in 1973.
the child's death is the first of a child on a farm in northern ireland for almost three years. the health and safety executive is investigating the cause of death. there were seven deaths on Northern Ireland farms in 2016 and six the year before.
the sentence failed to consider the "horrendous manner" in which Ms Steenkamp was killed. the double-amputee was charged by the prosecution with the pre-meditated murder. he was acquitted of this and the lesser murder charge of do
the aerodrome's owners had claimed that "permanent unrestricted planning permission" was granted in 1951. this was rejected by waverley borough council in 2011 and the planning inspector in 2012. a judge at the high court said the 1951 permission did not grant permission for
goalkeeper Manny Agboola, 18, will be on the bench after being recalled from a loan spell at north leigh. striker aleksandar mitrovic (knee) and midfielder Jack colback (illness) could return.
Walmart will give JD.com ownership of Yihaodian's marketplace, including brand, website and app. in exchange Walmart will take a near 5% stake in china's second largest e-commerce firm. the two companies also announced plans to improve supply chain management and increase the amount
current Welsh secretary alun cairns said "devolution has moved forward" he said significant powers had been handed to Scotland and councils. MPs were debating the UK government's Wales Bill - to transfer further powers from Westminster to Cardiff Bay.
the party said there was "not a cigarette paper" between defence policies. the dedicated veterans' minister would be part of the Cabinet Office rather than the ministry of defence.
only a third of the bbc's biggest stars earning more than £150,000 a year were women. the film-maker who created the living dead movie franchise died at 77. game of thrones returned for its seventh season.
a cabinet source says a "big reset" on consumer energy subsidies is coming in the autumn. last month, the government announced that new onshore wind farms would be excluded from a subsidy scheme from April next year. within a few weeks, the solar power industry is expecting its subsidies will
the archbishop of Wales and the duke of Gloucester are among 200 invited guests. the service, at 14:00 BST, is being held at st john the Baptist in Cardiff. 130th unit was made up of men recruited from coalfields across south Wales.
Ellis and langridge beat world number five pair 21-18 19-21 21-10. a review on the final point was required to seal the victory. team GB have now won 52 medals in Rio.
industrial relations are being redrawn under the new mayor of london, sadiq khan. the mayor promised "zero strikes" and said he would bring in a more constructive relationship with the unions. unions are upset over the relocation of eight drivers from Essex
nine men were arrested over a pitch invasion and flares being thrown during a 3-0 loss at sixfields. the club has said that the "repeated disruptions" were "unacceptable" coventry fans have held a number of protests against the club's owners
secretary of state John Kerry said the nuclear issue was the "shared responsibility of all parties" a flurry of warlike statements from Pyongyang has prompted speculation that a launch could happen on 15 April, when the country marks the 101st birthday of the nation's founder.
the Mackintosh building was badly damaged by fire on 23 may 2014. contractors hope to have completed their work by the end of February 2019. the art school announced earlier this year plans to purchase the former Stow College building.
Dr Ben Clark, 40, was one of three air ambulance staff to be honoured. he treated victims of the Alton towers smiler crash in June. former england captain roy hodgson was among celebrities at the ceremony.
judge says environment minister acted unilaterally and unlawfully in authorising the Belfast metropolitan area plan. he backed claims that because its significance stretched across departmental responsibilities it needed approval from the stormont cabinet. case was brought by former enterprise minister arlene foster of the DUP.
the 29-year-old made 260 appearances for the Spireites after joining in 2009. Talbot started his career at Sheffield Wednesday, and has also had spells with Scunthope, Luton and Plymouth. he suffered a 3-2 aggregate defeat by Plymouth Arg
ex-middlesbrough assistant succeeds Ronnie Moore at hartlepool. hignett says he is 'walking into a positive situation' after 2-1 defeat by Stevenage. says 'there will be a change in style' under new chairman Gary cox
George Edward Cole was born in south-west london on 22 Apr 1925. left school at 14 intending to work as a butcher's boy. joined the RAF in 1943 and trained as wireless operator. starred in more than 30 films, few of them memorable.
by lunchtime on friday, the FTSE 100 was down 19.66 points at 6,634.81. the pound was up 0.27% against the dollar at $1.3379. airlines bore the brunt in the wake of Thursday night's bastille day attack in Nice.
fire brigades union (fbu) members walked out at 18:00 GMT on friday. they are due back on 4 November. fire minister says authorities have "robust" plans in place for the weekend.
the government has already promised to bring fast broadband to 95% of homes via the BDUK programme. but does that mean every home - even those up Welsh mountains or on remote Scottish islands? campaigners have derided that 10Mbps minimum as woefully inadequate.
office intercepted emails from a farc rebel negotiator and the government. president Juan Manuel Santos was also "probably" targeted. peace talks began in Cuba in 2012 to try to end five decades of conflict.
baroness campbell, 56, is the former boss of UK sport. she oversaw a rise in the number of British medals won at the Olympics. her new role will focus on increasing grassroots participation.
former germany captain named in united's 25-man premier league squad. 18-year-old defender named in 27-man Europa League squad on friday. only 21 non-"club trained" players can be named in squads for the competition.
three armed men took a five-figure sum from the vehicle in the city's Sauchiehall street on Monday at about 21:45. police said no-one had been injured although two security guards aged 47 and 49 were left badly shaken. the three men got into a
the 12-nation trade deal was a linchpin of former president Barack Obama's Asia policy. he also cut funding for international groups that provide abortions, and froze hiring of some federal workers. some of the measures he announced on Monday fulfil "Day One" pledges
the private service for the couple from bankfoot was held in Perth crematorium. it lasted about 45 minutes and was also be broadcast on speakers outside. the funeral of Jim and Anne McQuire, the other Scots couple killed in the attacks, took place on Friday.
the 125-year-old underwear was bought by yesterday's world museum from a descendant of one of queen's ladies-in-waiting. auctioneer Richard Edmonds said he used the "tried-and-tested method" of measuring the waistline to date
hearts beat birkirkara 6-3 on aggregate in europa league qualifier. ofuso appiah clattered into the 22-year-old in the closing stages. hearts will now face Birkirkare of Malta in the second qualifying round.
Saunders left his car in a short stay area at Birmingham airport thinking Wales would go out early. but they have reached the semi-finals and he expected to see his parking charges rise to £1,000. the airport said on twitter that if Wales win the tournament, it would
the pair complete a record six consecutive tons when they meet in the semi-finals. the previous record of five was jointly held by Ronnie O'Sullivan and Stephen Hendry. world number 20 Wilson came from behind on three occasions to reach the last four.
toilet roll, chocolate biscuits, orange juice and antibacterial wipes on list of shrinking items reported by Which? consumer group argued that making products smaller was a "sneaky way" of increasing prices.
post-mortem examination inconclusive. remains found in blue plastic bag wrapped in dark leggings or trousers. police believe the baby was born at full term.
Froome was over three minutes behind the winner on the stage from Bourg-en-bresse to Culoz. Colombian Pantano outsprinted Poland's Rafal Majka to claim his maiden Grand Tour stage win. movistar's Nairo
the government's preferred option is for the main HS2 route to run east of Sheffield. a separate spur will take passengers to Sheffield city centre. the first phase of the £56bn railway is due to open in December 2026. communities along the proposed route in south Yorkshire are still
Barnsley lost their first league game since winning the Johnstone's paint trophy. the defeat means they are now six points off the play-off positions.
the company says it has called a board meeting for 28 july and investment decision is on agenda. board expected to give the plant the go-ahead. project was initially due to cost £12bn, but recent estimates put the cost at £18bn.
the 40ft (12m) whale was discovered by wardens at the Holkham national nature reserve. evolutionary biologist said it was "really unusual" for a fin whale to be found on the east coast. he said there were no obvious signs of net entanglement
police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour. he is understood to be among those pictured in a recent police CCTV images appeal. appeals for information were made after toilets were vandalised and offensive effigies of Rangers fans were hung from the stands
dual citizens from several nationalities must apply for a visa at the us embassy. but the embassy's advice on whether the rules had been implemented was unclear. the new rules also affect Iraqi, Syrian and Sudanese dual citizens. they were enacted in the wake of
chief inspector of schools blames "unintended consequences" of how schools' performance is measured. estyn witness says more able learners' progress has been "stifled" ministers agree they need to do more to push our most able students.
Connor Smith, 19, admitted wounding and his barrister said he was remorseful but added "nothing is going to bring the complainant's ear back" the pair fell to the floor, where the defendant bit his ear. the court heard reconstructive surgery
senior australian psychiatrist says authorities wanted to "keep the lid" on asylum seekers' mental health. he says he was asked to delete clinical opinions that made a direct link between prolonged detention and mental health problems. there is fear that health workers could go to prison for such revelations under new
Gaiman's novel won the public vote from a shortlist of this year's 10 national book award winners. the tale about a man returning to his childhood home for a funeral won the title. online voting for the title, the only book award chosen by readers, closed on 19
Amari, winner of junior bake off in 2015, rates the remaining bakers. watch her give Ricky her verdict on the remaining contestants.
monitor said probe into the Christie NHS Foundation trust was over concerns about governance. it was not over allegations relating to suspended chief executive Caroline Shaw. chairman Lord Bradley announced he was resigning from the trust on friday.
molluscs first appeared on earth around 520 million years ago. researchers made a detailed reconstruction of the creature from fossils found in Morocco.
the paper has sold its current premises on royal avenue to the developer. its owner, INM, decided to move due to the closure of the printing operation within the premises.
l/cpl Craig Roberts and two others died on an SAS selection exercise in 2013. the ministry of defence was reprimanded over failures which led to their deaths. health and safety executive issued a censure, which is the highest action it can take.
the vehicle was taken from a farm in Tilney St Lawrence, near king's Lynn. it was abandoned in oakroyd crescent in wisbech, after it was driven in to a dead end. a man in his 20s has been arrested in connection with the
former party leader dramatically announced his exit on friday. he has rejected demands for him to stand down and trigger a by-election. "there is a serious constitutional challenge now and we might well lose powers," he said.
use of online dating site eHarmony spiked by 35% in the days following the election. ceo grant langston said increase in activity was reminiscent of those seen after 9/11 attacks. he says eharmony has had to adapt as a result.
annual report singles out president Donald Trump as an example of "angrier politics" it criticises leaders of Turkey, Hungary and the Philippines for using narratives of fear, blame and division. it also says governments are exploiting refugees for political ends.
on 26 and 27 April junior doctors will stop providing emergency cover. it means as well as downing tools for routine duties, medics will walk out of a&e. but the bma is adamant the stoppages do not breach this code. as yet no hospital
charteris is out of contract at the end of the 2015-16 rugby season. the 62-cap, 6ft 9in player signed for racing 92 in 2014. racing scrum-half Mike Phillips believes his departure would be a blow to the club.
university holds the largest archive of Thomas' letters, diaries, notebooks, poems, photographs and personal belongings. head of special collections and archive, Alan Hughes, said some items were in poor condition. the university is currently exhibiting some of its collection as part of a three-day event to
batsman hits a century from just 70 deliveries as Sussex are all out for 345. spinner Sachithra Senanayake (2-79) leads Worcestershire's fight back with two wickets in two balls. daryl Mitchell and Richard Oliver see off the new ball
Xavi won 14 major honours under pep guardiola at barcelona. the 36-year-old left the catalan giants in 2015 to play for al sadd SC. xavi says Guardiola is one of the best coaches in the world.
321 patients delayed for more than four weeks after they were ready to go home. one in 10 people are waiting longer than four hours in a&e, figures show. the four-week bed blocking target is being cut to two weeks next April.
railway officials in eastern india have cancelled night trains in Maoist-affected areas. police say they have "definite evidence" that a local rebel militia were behind the disaster. railway officials have not reacted to the statement.
cycling enthusiast recruits people to knit 3,000 miniature "tour jerseys" and wool-covered bicycle wheels. a similar "mini-jersey" idea is being promoted by Harrogate Borough Council for the Yorkshire stage of the race. "i think knitting is in Cambridge's DNA
police had appealed for witnesses to an incident in the town's Agnew Crescent. a 23-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with wasting police time.
the beach where the gunman opened fire has reopened. but the emotional scars of the tragedy will live on for a generation. "we will fight", says 57-year-old Sabi.
the Islamic center of fort Pierce was heavily damaged in the fire. it was set on the anniversary of 9/11. the suspect allegedly made multiple anti-Muslim posts on social media.
MBA has issued a new message asking people to help keep bothies tidy. use of bothies increases in summer months. hillwalkers had to be willing to pick up litter they find.
Catalans tries from Tony Gigot, Dave Taylor and Justin Horo put the hosts in control. but wakefield drew level at 18-18 at the break when jonny molloy powered over and Craig hall touched down. wakefield held on for a victory which
the 26-year-old has made 54 competitive appearances for the cherry and whites. former sale sharks, wasps and Bedford blues player has started 21 premiership matches. director of rugby David Humphreys says atkinson has been a stand-out performer
family of former england striker Jimmy Greaves say he has been taken ill. the 75-year-old had a minor stroke in 2012 but appeared to have made a full recovery. he was due to be inducted into the Tottenham hotspur hall of fame on
leigh Griffiths opened the scoring with a penalty after Patrick Roberts was fouled by callum booth. Tom Rogic scored a close-range finish and leighton baines made it five before the break. callum McGregor grabbed his fourth goal in five games with
Peter weatherson bagged a first-half brace, including a penalty, to put the visitors firmly in control at links park. Matthew flynn and Josh Todd both struck from close range around the hour-mark. montrose rise to fourth, one point clear of queen's park
the 31-year-old joined the club in 2013 following his departure from wigan. he started their premier league defeat by Swansea on saturday.
police Scotland were called to investigate when Annan Athletic failed to receive an end of season payment from the league. the funds were paid into a fraudulent account. SPFL said it has been subject to further attempts at hacking as recently as this week.
the 24-year-old scored once in 46 league appearances in 2016-17. he joins former dons team-mate Dominic Poleon at the league one club. Stuart McCall's side start their campaign with a home game against blackpool.
the prospect of losing a vital source of income would force Mexico into a "one-time payment" of $5-10bn (£3.5-7bn), says mr Trump. the remarks come as voters in Wisconsin go to the polls to pick their presidential candidates in each party.
party officials opted not to automatically reselect mohammad asghar, prompting an open contest. a second AM forced to follow the same procedure, William Graham, finished outside the top four - meaning he is effectively de-selected.
Peter Houston, whose Falkirk side lie second in the championship, and Jim McInally's Peterhead are also nominated for the award. there is no place on the shortlist for Celtic's Ronny Deila whose side are poised to win the Premiership title
the man is appealing against an appeal court ruling lifting a ban on him being named in the media. the Supreme Court said it will now hear arguments about whether it should grant an appeal. a temporary injunction will remain in place until the conclusion of the next hearing.
the fallout from his comrades is unprecedented. his deputy, Cyril Ramaphosa, came out in public to say the president's decision to get rid of Mr Gordhan without consultation was "unacceptable" there is no doubt that the knives are out for president Zum
the football association turned down owner assem allam's request to change their name to Hull Tigers in 2014. it has been a tough summer for Hull, who have just 13 fit players because of injuries. manager Steve Bruce was interviewed on Monday for the England job, which is
Cecil's head was found in the home of one of the co-accused. the head was to be sent to south africa and then on to the united states. Zimbabwe is seeking the extradition of US dentist Walter Palmer.
Gillingham went in at half-time a goal to the good after Bradley Dack headed home a Paul Konchesky cross. Charlton's Ricky Holmes saw a second-half penalty saved by Stuart Nelson. in injury time substitute Nicky Ajose stepped up to fire
the government hopes to save £1.5bn a year to help reduce the deficit. child benefit is paid at the rate of £20.30 a week for the first child. it lasts until each child reaches 16, or 18 if they are still in full-time education.
PCCs work to ensure police forces are running effectively and replaced police authorities. the government insists they are not there to run local police forces. since 2011, officer numbers in the force have fallen by about 400.
club legend and former caretaker boss curtis will no longer be involved with the first team. the 62-year-old will now monitor players on loan at other clubs. former Derby County boss Paul Clement was appointed head coach on tuesday.
about 10 caravans arrived at the King George V playing fields car park in Exeter. central youth football club chairman had cancelled all games this weekend. site has a number of full-sized football pitches, a youth rugby pitch and a children's playground.
many of Paris's tourist attractions, including the Louvre and the Musee d'Orsay, closed on Saturday amid heightened security. the institutions reopened at 13:00 local time following a minute's silence to honour those who were killed. however the Eiffel Tower will
the results of their first two matches in pool two have been wiped out. Welsh postponed Saturday's match against doncaster knights because they are unable to raise a side. the old deer park side, who won the competition last season, can appeal against the decision.
middlesex reach 255-2 in 39.4 overs after a stand of 139 from dawid malan. malan hits four sixes and 18 fours in his 128-ball innings at Lord's. wins for Kent and Lancashire mean they are eliminated from the competition
Hinchingbrooke hospital was branded "inadequate" by the care quality commission last month. its chief executive, hisham abdel-rahman, said the report was "problematic" and full of errors. the CQC acknowledged some mistakes but said it stood by the
police want to trace a woman and a man who were involved in the incident. the woman is described as being in her late teens to early 20s, with long brown hair. police say the incident resulted in a male sustaining a severe facial injury.
in total, 99 were seized by police under the Dangerous Dogs Act, down 60 from 159 in 2015. figures obtained from all Welsh police forces using a request under the FOI Act. north Wales police said attacks rose from 158 to 246 in the area.
heather Rabbatts, 61, became the FA's first female non-executive director and board member when she was appointed in 2012. last month the FA agreed a set of reforms which included increasing the number of women on its board. in July, the FA board will
buttler hits 116 not out from 52 balls as england reach 355-5 in pakistan. the wicketkeeper's effort was the joint-seventh fastest in ODI cricket. he has now scored the three fastest centuries in the 50-over game.
police arrest man, 38, on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. a woman, 35, is also being questioned. the couple died at the scene of the incident in Hanham, near Bristol. friends say the couple desperately wanted children.
chief executive of blackcircles.com can expect to gain a third of that sale price. he started selling tyres aged 16 before joining kwik-fit. the company's annual sales in 2013 were £28m, with annual growth of around 20%.
future landscapes Wales report produced by a group under the chairmanship of Lord Elis-Thomas, who refused to comment. the RSPB and Welsh Wildlife Trusts said they could not support the report in its current form. both bodies said there was much to support in the document, but
Tremlett has been affected by back and knee injuries in recent years. the 33-year-old took 53 wickets at an average of 27 in his 12 Test appearances. he also played 15 one-day internationals and one twenty20 match for England.
the technology lets people physically feel the buttons displayed on a touchscreen. it could help drivers keep their eyes on the road.
fishermen escaped into their life raft during the incident early on monday. rescue helicopter was sent from Prestwick but the group were reached first by the Oban lifeboat at about 03:30.
the party won 37.58% of the vote, giving it a majority in the lower house. it is the first time a single party has won enough votes to govern alone since 1989. the Eurosceptic law and justice party was led by jaroslaw kaczynski.
Trump has come under fire from across the political divide for remarks he made about the parents of a us soldier killed in action. he told supporters "i'm afraid the election is going to be rigged, I have to be honest" he later repeated the claim on Fox news, adding
eye specialist Honey rose, 35, denies a charge of gross negligence manslaughter. prosecution tells court her conduct was so far below the expected standard it was "criminal" build-up of fluid in his brain increased pressure in his skull and ultimately led to his death.
former Burton loanee Lloyd Dyer puts Burton ahead with superb finish. former blues keeper Adam legzdins denies former aston villa trainee Ward. Jamie Ward volleys the second, before Michael Morrison heads wide from corner. blues remain fifth in the championship after
garbutt, 26, was sent off in the 71st minute of his side's 38-4 loss. the australian was banned for two games by the rugby football league. "it's not something that I am about. i don't condone violence," said garbut
service for friends and relatives of Steve Warren held at huntworth near Bridgwater. his family met the us coastguard in Boston earlier in the week to thank them for their efforts in the search. yacht's upturned hull was found by the US coast guard on 23 may.
local authority has awarded the sum to a property fund which hopes to build 1,000 new homes across the country. the Falkirk Local Government Pension Scheme fund contribution could pay for up to 300 new homes. social justice secretary Alex Neil said the fund was "a trailblazer"
Sean Dickson scores 207 not out as Kent are bowled out for 412. the hosts are all out for 410 in their first innings. a maiden five-wicket haul from Shiv Thakor sees them through to day four.
woman, 19, attacked at Gorsedd Gardens near Cardiff Civic Centre. man, 23, from Cardiff, arrested on suspicion of sexual assault.
growing up in diamond-rich eastern Sierra Leone, it was the natural thing to do. my parents joined thousands of people from across the country to go to kono in the hope of making a quick fortune. the pickaxes and shovels would blister my palms and the sieve would
construction will begin in spring 2015 and it is hoped the line will open by 2020. two new stations will open - nine Elms to the east and one at the heart of the battersea power station development. the full cost is expected to be up to £1bn,
responsibility for the Wales and border network will be devolved in 2017. services from Aberystwyth to Birmingham and Milford Haven to Manchester via Cardiff could be affected. a department of transport spokesman said no decisions would be made without considering local views.
project sidekick is designed to give mission control a better view of what's happening on the international space station. it's designed to point out exactly what switches to flip or which screws to loosen, handles to turn and even guide us to storage locations. after two hours working on the project
al-Qaeda-linked militants are increasingly focusing on France's former colonies. the former colonies have become increasingly vulnerable following a French-led military operation in northern mali in 2013. Muslims in former french colonies in sub-saharan africa have always practised a moderate version of
man's blue ford focus and a red lorry collided near Dreghorn. the car driver died at the scene.
"at last, I am back with my family and I feel great," says Moslemuddin Sarkar. the 52-year-old says he was beaten and tortured in his 15 years in prison in Pakistan. he crossed the border to india in 1989, without telling his family
mSpy has admitted that data had been stolen from its customers. security expert Brian Krebs broke news of data dump on dark web. he had been sent a link to the data on a Tor-based site. company says no data was stolen and no breach had taken place
Charles sherwin went on ITV's take me out in 2012 looking for love. but ended up with a string of abusive tweets from twitter trolls. now the farmer's told newsbeat the site needs to do more to punish them.
SFO can investigate "cases which undermine UK commercial/financial PLC" the bureau has been following bribery claims stemming from decision to award rights for next two world cups. new york daily news alleged us FBI agents recruited former Fifa executive Chuck Blazer.
leading commercial figure Zak brown has been contacted by McLaren as they seek a replacement for chairman and chief executive officer. the 44-year-old american is also considered a potential chief commercial officer for the sport's new owners. he is of particular interest to the team because of
former treasurer of governing Popular party, Luis barcenas, denies corruption allegations. he is accused of running a slush fund that took donations from construction magnates. the PP says it does not know of the ledger entries nor their content.
one person died overnight after being hit by a freight train at the channel tunnel's coquelles terminal, according to Eurotunnel. on Thursday a migrant, believed to be Syrian, died after a car on a motorway close to the tunnel. their deaths bring
Yafai wins his first fight since losing to Carl frampton in february. the 27-year-old dominated from the start, flooring his opponent in the 10th round. he then won 120-108, 119-108 and 117-110 on the judges'
residents and visitors protested against lepe country park closing its gates by 20:00. opening hours will now take account of sunrise and sunset but extra costs will have to be met by additional charges. council had originally said opening times were set to minimise the risk of anti-social behaviour.
the Fermanagh MLA tweeted after Tom Elliott appeared on a radio programme. the tweet read: "i wonder if he will reveal how many people he harassed and shot as a member of the UDR" the court was told that Mr Elliott was alerted to the tweet
ISI official tells the BBC compound where bin Laden was killed was raided in 2003. but the compound "was not on our radar" since then, the official says. the government of Pakistan has categorically denied any knowledge of the raid before it took place.
two videos showed drones rigged up to carry to the weapons hovering low. the first, posted in July 2015, showed a handgun firing rounds of ammunition. second, which appeared in December 2015, featured a flamethrower attached to a drone burning a turkey on a
reintroduction of two-way traffic at the junction for the first time in 50 years was a "key milestone" in the £25m transformation at elephant and castle. road users took to twitter to complain about their Monday morning commute.
Middlesex chase down 239 for the third wicket with ease. Stirling (112) and Morgan (103 not out) add 214 for the fourth wicket. england one-day captain eoin morgan praises stirling's partnership.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index spent most of the day in negative territory to close down 0.19% at 18,264.22. investor concern over whether or not the US Federal reserve will raise interest rates next week has set in. sentiment has also been affected by the slowing Chinese economy.
for the first time in 13 years moderates and reformists now have a majority in parliament. it was not a sweeping victory for the supporters of president hassan Rouhani. but it will by no means end the president's problems when it comes to delivering his election promises
caixinha signed porto defender bruno alves from cagliari last week. former porto boss steve mcclaren believes he is a shrewd signing. he says he will give Rangers stability at the back and more
bydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn rhwng 4-12 Awst. mae'r
police say the accident happened at the event in Blaxhall, north-east of Ipswich. the air ambulance service attended and the man was pronounced dead at the scene. woodbridge DMCC confirmed it was not one of their riders who had died.
pharmacies say online drug retailers are failing to follow existing rules. customers will be able to buy emergency drugs using special telephone numbers. india's health ministry says it is drawing up plans to regulate online drug sales.
the two have complementary political outlooks and appeal to the same segment of the Republican primary electorate - non-college educated, largely working class whites. even the speaking styles of Mr Trump and Ms Palin - unvarnished and informal, relying on rhetoric and
a "tidal wave" of flood water swept through Plas Cadnant Hidden Gardens, near Menai Bridge, on Anglesey on saturday. former farmer Anthony Tavernor has been restoring the 10-acre garden and buildings since buying the then overgrown 200-
for many people, Nick Griffin was the BNP, and his personal - and his party's - fortunes appeared intertwined. in 2009 he and his then colleague Andrew Brons were elected to the European Parliament on an anti-immigration platform. 2014 hasn'
children in P6 and P7 will learn how to cope with change under a new programme. the Healthy Me initiative was launched at carrick primary school in county armagh. charity action mental health hopes the programme will be rolled out in schools across NI.
Doris, Blessing and Wheely good sheep were painted by schoolchildren. they were installed to mark the tour of britain cycle race.
Joe allen has a year left on his current contract at liverpool. the 26-year-old was named in the official team of the tournament at euro 2016. he joined the reds from Swansea city for £15m in 2012.
Ian coulter, formerly of Tughans, has been questioned under caution. he left the firm earlier this year after a dispute over a success fee linked to the deal.
the 18-year-old can play at right-back, centre-half and in central midfield. born in Birmingham, he signed a professional deal with villa in 2015 until 2017. he has represented England since under-16 level and made 16 international appearances for the under-17 side.
backbench MPs have a chance to introduce their pet project in the commons. they do this by introducing it as a Private Members' Bill. the system has its critics, including the snp's "turing bill" to pardon gay men.
$450m (£270m) will be made available in light of a report by the world's nuclear watchdog, the IAEA. talks have started on turning the temporary agreement into a permanent one. under the agreement, Iran agreed to limit its enrichment of uran
GB coach Joe Prunty pleased with the contribution of new signing Ben Gordon. GB led for most of the first three quarters before being overhauled by the Dutch. the final 10 minutes of the game saw the hosts come back to win 71-60.
the new £10 note features images of mathematician and astronomer Mary Somerville. she was born in 1780 in jedburgh but her childhood home was in burntisland. for the first time, the note includes braille to help the visually impaired. the
the president spoke at a memorial service in the city on Tuesday. he urged the country not to despair and to find "meaning amidst our sorrow" the trip came amid mounting racial tensions across the country.
a 10ft scrub python was battling to hold on to the wing of a plane. it was travelling between the australian town of Cairns and papua new guinea. passengers first became aware of the reptile 20 minutes after take
Axel springer is one of Europe's largest digital publishing houses. it is paying $343m (£226m) for an 88% stake in business insider. the deal will increase its global audience by two-thirds.
69 families have already taken advantage of the initiative to encourage them to take up swimming. Sport England is funding the routes in the bewsey and dallam areas of the town. families who have children in three local schools will benefit from free travel.
10 of the 216 planets found by the telescope could potentially be home to some sort of life, because they are 'Earth-like' this means they have 'rocky' characteristics, and they are located in the 'Goldilocks Zone' of their solar system.
two individuals attempted to ship the puppies from Dublin Port to Holyhead port. the dogs were held in "hugely inappropriate" conditions. they were cramped into small containers with "little or no space, no food or water"
coalition brought in a three month ban on EU citizens getting out-of-work benefits. work restrictions being lifted for Bulgarians and Romanians on 1 January. but ukIP leader nigel farage says the government should go much further. downing street says withholding benefits
a petition calling for it to be refurbished and maintained has attracted hundreds of signatures. the building splits opinion in the city, with some residents referring to it as a "concrete carbuncle" architect James Perry described it as "brilliant" and "incredibly polite
Rollright Stones is made up of three Neolithic and Bronze age megalithic monuments, high on the Oxfordshire - warwickshire border. award recognises places that provide good views of the stars, which are accessible to everyone.
Thomas bebbington, 22, was last seen entering the river near the Dana steps. a body was found by a member of the public on private land near leighton.
dundrod 150 lightweight race won by ballymena rider Neil Kernohan. Christian Elkin claimed the ultra-lightweight title on his 125cc machine. 600cc qualifying session halted prematurely after an incident at Flow Bog.
storms in 2013 caused damage to an existing dune system to the east of Barkby beach in prestatyn. a report says there is evidence they have begun to re-establish themselves naturally. but councillors are considering creating a secondary system to strengthen the defences
ScotRail said it aimed to run two-thirds of its services and buses would replace trains on some routes. the operator has published an amended timetable listing cancelled services and those with reduced frequency.
the EU objects to tight controls on asylum seekers and NGOs, as well as a higher education law. critics say the education law could lead to the closure of the prestigious central european university. Thousands of Hungarians have held protest rallies against the laws in recent months.
Jesus the Homeless is a life-size bronze statue that has divided opinion in america and england. it is the work of Canadian sculptor Tim Schmalz, inspired by a glance sideways as he drove. an anonymous benefactor is funding 12 casts of
security researcher says he warned the firm about security weaknesses. topps declined to say how many people were affected or why payment card numbers were at risk. it is offering one year's worth of free identify theft protection to those affected.
Ajinkya Rahane becomes fifth Indian batsman to score centuries in both innings of a Test match. india declare on 267-5 with captain hashim amla (23 not out) taking 46 balls to score a run. a 300-plus target has only been reached
166 motorists stopped by police for using their phones in march - up from 137 in February. changes to the law mean new drivers caught using a mobile phone face losing their licence. more experienced drivers can be banned if they get 12 points in three years.
the 22-year-old animal, called Cheeky, received 16 puncture wounds. she received treatment from a vet, and is back at the farm where she is continuing to recover. the youths, two male 17 year olds from Cwmbran, have been bailed
two cemeteries still have space, in Wolvercote and botley, but they are expected to be full by 2018 and 2021. the last increase in burial space in Oxford was in 1932.
police confirm Grammy winner was unhurt in shooting at private party. mobile phone footage said to be of the gig has been posted online. shots can be heard in the middle of one of brown's songs.
up to a dozen A-29 Super Tucano aircraft would be sold to Nigeria. the deal, which is not yet official, will require approval from congress. about 90 people, mainly women and children, were killed in January.
a review of the extent of sex selective abortion was agreed to by 292 to 201. tory MP fiona Bruce said the law was being "interpreted in different ways" her amendment would not have changed the law, but updated 1967 legislation. the government said it had been consistently clear
council leader says one new village is better than "scatter-gunning" homes. areas around Godstone, blindley heath, redhill aerodrome, Chaldon and Lingfield are in the running. council cannot meet the government's housing targets without building on some greenbelt
a report by the FAO said agriculture accounted for about a fifth of emissions. it said "business as usual" would leave millions at risk from hunger. last year, nations adopted a UN goal of ending hunger by 2030.
Michael salmon, 30, used his position as freelance producer of a show, "cosy", to obtain grants. some grants came from the arts council of Wales and arts unlimited, set up to fund projects with disabled performers. salmon, from Grangetown, Cardiff, admitted five counts of fraud.
former england captain will leave the premier league champions at the end of the season. Claude makelele is to become a permanent part of the coaching staff at swansea. the 44-year-old is set to sign a long-term deal with the
the committee is hearing evidence about how a UK exit from the european union could affect northern Ireland. the investigation comes as the EU referendum campaign begins to gather pace. some are arguing that northern Ireland would "descend back into violence" if Brexit took place.
gen zahir resigned last week after presiding over a dramatic rise in militant attacks. his spokesman sparked confusion by claiming his resignation had been rejected. insurgents carrying out nine deadly attacks in Kabul in the past two weeks.
more than 95,000 of those who turn 65 this year can expect to celebrate their 100th birthday in 2047. the number of centenarians has been steadily increasing - from 600 in 1961 to nearly 13,000 in 2010. in 2012 there are 826,000 babies aged under one year.
scientists found that even the lowest expected levels of warming could decimate populations. restoring connections between habitats could help modify the worst impacts. areas of the south east of England would be worst affected, say the researchers.
the man's bike was struck by a lorry at 17:15, near a petrol station. officers warned drivers to expect delays as there are no local diversions. they expected the road to be closed "for some time" while they dealt with the aftermath.
firstsource solutions said new staff will be based at its Cardiff bay site. the company already employs about 800 people.
Zimbabwean MP Joseph Chinotimba and his wife won the longest kiss in africa challenge. the couple locked lips for 10 minutes and 17 seconds, beating the previous record. despite the various ways in which women are denied basic human rights, they are allowed to vote.
Arkadiusz Jozwik, 39, died from head injuries after he was punched and fell to the floor. the teenager from Harlow spoke only to confirm his name, date of birth and address. five other teenage boys initially arrested in connection with his death were told they
Paul Cooke was one of several men who plundered Ronald Smith's house in cottage walk in west bromwich in may 2015. father Colin Raymond Cooke, 62, who was jailed for seven years, has had his term increased to 11-and-a-half years
the north-west of England had five of the ten most deprived towns and cities. West Bromwich came off the worst for employment and income. Guildford, woking and st albans had the highest proportion of the least deprived areas.
the Olivier Awards will be held at the royal opera house on 3 April. ball has previously won two Oliviers - for best actor in a musical in 2008 for hairspray and in 2013 for Sweeney Todd. last year's big winners were Kinks-inspired
Capability brown designed dinefwr park in llandeilo in 1775. only example of his work in Wales currently open to the public. Brown's naturalistic style drew praise and criticism in almost equal measure.
Andrew Virco, 50, and Katharine Walker, 51, from Cambridge, died in the crash. the couple were on a "big adventure" that had been planned for some time. "it was what they would do for their 50th birthdays together," said Ms Walker's
corporate insolvencies fell year-on-year by 21%, to stand at 188, in the first three months of 2015. the number of administrations remained virtually the same as a year ago, with 20 cases. liquidations, which tend to affect smaller businesses, were down by 2
Seanie Johnston, Padraig Faulkner, Ciaran Brady and Liam Buchanan return to the cavan team for their game against carlow. Fermanagh face mayo at castlebar while monaghan face longford at Clones. malachy O'
Gurpal shehri, 28, was found guilty of misconduct in a public office. judge said he had been a "spy in the camp" at an earlier hearing. he gathered information in relation to a violent drug dealer.
Alan knight, 51, admitted murdering David Bond, 50, in worthing. he was sentenced at hove crown court to serve at least 19 years. police said the tipping point was the microwave oven.
Graeme wood, national correspondent for the Atlantic, argues the rise of so-called Islamic state is a kind of Reformation within Islam. taraiq Ramadan says this argument is "misplaced" and we should not try to "understand Islam through a Christian lens
Lachie Stewart, 30, from Easter Ross, was thought to have been travelling to india when he lost touch with his family earlier this month. a facebook page set up as part of efforts to find him, said he had been found on Saturday.
OCCG has ranked the phone line as a "red risk", the highest category for risks to patient safety. calls have increased by 16% in the last year. the ambulance trust said staff shortages contributed to problems in answering calls.
Green scored 13 goals as the stags just missed out on the league two play-offs. but the 30-year-old only managed four league goals after Steve Evans took over. the forward scored 86 goals during two spells over four seasons with mansfield.
concerns from english institute of sport medical staff over coaches' practices led to review. report published last year found no evidence to support complaints or poor practice. GB Taekwondo no longer uses EIS medical staff but says change was planned.
glamorgan draw 2-2 with Sussex at st. edmunds. top scorer Lloyd makes 102 not out. aneurin Donald (44) and Jacques Rudolph (38) also on target. Sussex remain unbeaten in the championship.
rod Ashley will succeed Jim Lindsay who is retiring at the end of the year. Mr Lindsay will continue to act for airdrie savings bank in a consultancy role. Scotwest serves around 30,000 people and its asset base has grown by 400%.
Lynn Davies, 58, from Neath, was given a deal by judge Patrick curran QC in October and given six months to repay the cash. he charged victims £500 on top of every £1,000 borrowed and loaned £23,395 over seven years, pocketing £33,
Dr Paul Wright tells the BBC that Jamaica's anti-doping regime has been woefully short of the international standards required. his comments come a week after the world anti doping agency (wada) visited Jamaica to investigate claims that the country's athletes were not being tested
Cesare prandelli resigns as coach of italy's azzurri after world cup exit. former italian midfielder giorgio conte quit as manager of juve last month. the 45-year-old has won the Serie A title
Nathaniel Knight-Percival opened the scoring with a brilliant overhead kick. Andy Mangan doubled the lead before Danny Philliskirk made it 3-2. goalkeeper Jayson leutwiler tipped Brad potts' shot onto the bar.
if we leave the EU, will the cash dry up? at its heart is a tale of billions of pounds for schools, hospitals and transport projects. but there is nothing the european investment bank (eib) does that the UK couldn't do for itself.
president Duterte said the transfer of Marcos' body could take place next month. left wing critics of the transfer argue that it is inappropriate to provide an honourable burial to a president blamed for thousands of killings, tortures and military abductions.
the victims were found in raids at three restaurants in coventry, wolverhampton and west bromwich. police suspect the men were working for "next to nothing" the suspects, who are both Slovakian, have been arrested on suspicion of providing staff through a recruitment consultancy
more than 50,000 migrants remain in Greece waiting for a decision about their futures. Angus Crawford visited three sites to find out how they are living. one man said simply, "in here, I fear for my life".
89-year-old's bicycle taken while she did her weekly shop in waitrose. former primary school teacher admitted she was "very silly" not to have locked it. after news of the theft hit social media, dozens offered to buy her a new one.
air accident investigators briefing families ahead of official publication of final report. relatives say the briefing has left many questions unanswered. investigators are due to hold another closed meeting with relatives on Thursday.
AC Milan's match against Roma was halted for two minutes on sunday. visiting Roma supporters ordered to cease their behaviour. striker says he will leave the pitch if it happens again.
leah Washington, 18, and Joe Pugh, 19, both from barnsley, were among four people badly injured on the smiler ride on 2 June when two carriages crashed. ms Washington had a leg amputated and Mr Pugh suffered shattered knees.
the British Film Institute's Sight and sound magazine polled distributors, critics and academics. this time 846 championed vertigo, about a retired cop with a fear of heights. in the last poll held 10 years ago, Hitchcock's 1958 thriller
convicted murderer David Sweat, 35, was shot twice and captured in the town of constable. his prison-break partner Richard Matt, 49, was killed by police on Friday. the escape set off a massive manhunt.
officer was attacked after stopping a Peugeot van in westmorland avenue, cleveleys. he suffered injuries to his torso and face. the 39-year-old is due to appear before blackpool magistrates' court.
coke reported a 4% decline in profits to $1.89bn in the first quarter from $1.98bn last year. but global sales volumes rose 2% in the quarter ended 1 April. sales in Europe, its third biggest market, declined 1%, while Latin America sales plunged
eight years ago, families in the coastal Cham fishing villages of kampot province managed a small coup - they won back fishing rights for the community from the government. since the establishment of the community, catches have increased and the fisherman can now earn $6 for half a day's work
18-year-old midfielder has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal with west ham. the highly-rated youngster was part of united's FA Youth Cup winning side last year. but Sir Alex Ferguson recently branded Morrison's contract demands as "
"every place in america is a target for a terrorist attack," says new jersey governor. "we have to be prepared because the world is breaking down," says former governor Jim Gilmore. he says the violence in san Bernardino "probably was related" to "radi
a student who wore a kkk hood to a party has been banned from future events. the dean of Christ church said the student must apologise in writing. an exhibition of work by an influential artist is due to open at modern art oxford
Raymond Russell, 34, was charged with being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug to another person and also drug possession. he appeared in private at jedburgh sheriff court where he made no plea or declaration and his case was continued.
Wales have qualified as Group B winners thanks to their 3-0 win over Russia. they will play either northern ireland, turkey or albania in paris on Saturday. defender james Chester says Wales will test anyone at Euro 2016 if they reproduce form.
the number of teacher vacancies in the north east, Highlands and the Northern Isles is relatively high. council umbrella body cosla says problem is in particular "pockets" of the country. cost of housing in some parts of north east may deter people from moving there.
Clooney turns up unexpectedly at a care home to treat resident pat Adams. staff had written to the actor, who lives nearby, telling him a visit would make her dreams come true. "this was a classy gesture from a wonderful man," a Sunrise care home spokesman
the 33ft (10m) deep hole appeared in Fontmell close, St Albans on 1 October last year. utilities to some homes have not yet been restored and the road has not reopened. hertfordshire county council hopes the work will be completed by christmas.
former chelsea scout Steve Walsh joins everton from london club. the 51-year-old had only signed a new contract with the champions in may. he will work under new manager Ronald Koeman, who replaced Roberto Martinez
midfielder Jeff Hendrick has been ruled out because of a shoulder problem. Harry arter will miss the Dublin games because of an Achilles injury. the Bournemouth player has returned to his club for treatment.
the 25-year-old has played 152 times for the club since 2008. he has 52 caps for England and four for the british & Irish lions. "owen has developed into one of the leading players in world rugby," says club.
pictures of the apologetic postie's cards and box in the loo have been shared thousands of times on twitter since he posted them on twitter. "there's honestly nothing to apologise for, the parcel is absolutely fine, gave me and thousands of others
Sutton have won just one of their past eight games in the national league. deacon's late heroics earned them a place in third round for first time in 22 years. the U's have twice gone even further in the competition, reaching fourth round in 1970, and again in 1989
photographer gareth iwan Jones turned his attention to the very British world of caravanning. together with his wife, he stayed at more than 30 sites across the UK, covering more than 2,000 miles. the portraits were all shot with the same camera and lens combination, a
sgt Brian wood served in the 1st princess of Wales' royal regiment in Iraq in 2004. he said the allegations had been damaging to him and his team. veterans minister said IHAT was set up for the right reasons but was "completely abused"
former governor of delta state is accused of stealing $250m (£160m) over eight years. he was arrested in 2010 in dubai and extradited to the uk. some $35m of his alleged UK assets were frozen in 2007.
successful applicant will take the lead on "all the fun things" to do at the hotel, including running its Bike Zone and creating activities for its Kids Club. position is "a hands-on position for someone who gets a kick out of bringing a smile to the faces of people of all
Stuart hogg will be the only player to start the first three matches for the Scots. fly-half Finn Russell is absent through injury and flanker John Hardie is not being risked. the springboks recovered from a surprise loss against japan to demolish sam
in a show of support, a mother organised a breastfeeding protest in Swansea. mother Jade Richards said she was inspired to launch her own event after hearing about Ms Slough's story. more than 1,000 people are expected to attend the mass breastfeeding protest.
Cian Bolger, Ashley Hunter and amari'i bell all net in first half of extra time. devante col skips past Ryan higgins to give Fleetwood lead before break. southport should have levelled with four minutes remaining. but Fleetwood hit back, with Hunter'
the woman who took the case wished to remain anonymous. in 2013, she had to travel to a clinic in england to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities. staff at a Belfast hospital believed they were unable to carry out the abortion due to uncertainty around the law
the 40 winners will be unveiled on Friday, 9 June as part of BBC music day. they will be honoured with a plaque on a building where they lived or a venue where they became famous. peak cavern is undoubtedly the oldest music venue in the UK.
letter says coalition's approach has been characterised by broken promises, cuts and destructive legislation. letter warns squeeze is "hitting patients" with pressures growing on a&e units and hospital waiting lists. but conservatives reject the claims and suggest it had been orchestrated by labour.
108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend, officials say. last month, eight people were killed in clashes between protesters and police. the CNTE union has a history of radical activism.
the quake struck at 08:23 GMT, 420km (260 miles) north-west of port Vila. the threat of tsunami waves had now mostly passed, the ptwc said. no damage had been reported so far.
speaker of the house of representatives bronwyn bishop has been embroiled in an expenses scandal. it became public that she had spent public funds on a helicopter flight to a party function. she has also claimed expenses for travel to friends' weddings and Liberal party functions.
the 14-year-old was found dead on the banks of the river leven in Dunbartonshire. her mother, Margaret McKeich, recently led appeals as inquiry reached 20 years. crimestoppers said reward would be paid for information leading to an arrest and conviction.
italy beat belgium 1-0 in their group e euro 2016 qualifier opener. sunderland's giorgio chiellini scores the only goal of the game. antonio conte's men now face the republic of ireland and
dubuisson carded a 67 to tie with overnight leader van zyl of south africa on 16 under par. world number three McIlroy cards a third straight five under-par 67. the northern irishman is level par for the day after 10 holes
the 31-year-old won his first senior race in January this year when he took gold at St moritiz in the Europa Cup. he entered the GB programme while at university in bath in 2006 and won the British title in 2008. "there comes a time where real life sort of
progress at the scene has been "slow due to the weather conditions" at its peak 16 crews attended the blaze in Elmswell, near bury st edmunds. the cause of the fire is not yet known.
a mix-up led to the body of Philip Bradburn being cremated instead of that of former conservative MEP Philip Bradbourn. a failure to provide written records created confusion between the two similar sounding surnames. the trust and central England co-operative apologised for
CPCC's scrutiny committee voted against approving its £1.3m budget. one councillor asked if recruitment plans were "written on the back of a bus ticket" the authority intends to employ 15 staff, including newly-created housing, skills and transport director roles.
top seeds beat australia's Dylan alcott and south africa's Lucas sithole 6-0 3-6 6-2. whiley and kamiji stay on track to retain women's doubles title. they will face second seeds Jiske Griffioen and aniek van Koot
rail services were suspended as teams worked to clear the lines of snow. forecasters have warned of more snow on Thursday and over the weekend.
the car was hit by the Bedford to Bletchley London Midland Service. eleven passengers and two members of staff were on board but no-one was injured. police said the death was not being treated as suspicious "at present"
airports commission's decision not to back a second runway at the airport in west Sussex was flawed. government due to decide which airport should expand by christmas. Sir Howard insists issues raised by gatwick were carefully considered.
Joshua knocked out wladimir Klitschko to add the world heavyweight title to his ibf crown. the englishman was hailed as "the biggest sports star in Britain" wembley stadium's roof ensures the home of Welsh rugby can be
Killie thrash falkirk 4-0 in the second leg of the play-off final at rugby park. it was only the third win in 14 games for new manager chris Clark. scottish champions celtic beat swansea 2-1 in the other
Weston played 19 league and cup games for the chairboys last season. the 29-year-old has made 327 career football league appearances. details of the length of weston's contract have not been disclosed.
the last of BHS's 163 department stores was closed last month. 11,000 people lost their jobs after efforts to find a buyer for the high-street business failed. the new website, which is owned by the Qatari Al Mana Group, will go live on Thursday.
microcredit offers small loans to people who do not normally qualify for traditional credit. microfinance organisations continue to collect the instalments despite the destruction of crops. some argue that microcredit is a "death trap" for the poor.
the closure of the Cuban detention camp was a national security interest. it was one of the first directives president Barack Obama ordered two months after he was elected in 2008. at the start of the year, 122 men were left - the peak population in 2003 was 684.
the four-month stand off between workers and management resulted in 12 full days of strike action. 66% of drivers voted to accept a pay rise deal recommended by the labour court. the drivers were represented by the services industrial professional and technical union.
Iranian affiliated broadcaster said MP bought crude oil from militant group. high court judges said the Iraqi-born Stratford-on-avon candidate was a victim of "fake news" he was awarded £200,000 in damages and legal costs.
the petition calls on the EU to stop the talks on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership. it also says they should not ratify a similar deal that has already been done between the EU and canada. one of the concerns mentioned in the petition is the idea of tribunals that foreign investors would be
holdsworth beat takeover offers from banker Roger Tamraz and supporters' trust. championship strugglers are £172.9m in debt and have been trying to find a buyer for a number of months. the club are scheduled in the high court on Monday over a £3m unpaid
wing Craig Gilroy did cross for the visitors shortly after the restart. but four Greig laidlaw penalties secured the win for the hosts. it was a miraculous victory for Scotland - they had 78% of possession and 80% of territory before the break.
mice with the reprogrammed code developed tumours that were much smaller than cancers in mice that did not get this treatment. experts call the study promising but say it is unclear yet whether the technique would work in humans.
Lydney harbour was built in the early 1800s to transport iron and later coal. the harbour saw about 300,000 tons of coal being exported annually in more than 2,000 vessels.
this year's award was won jointly by Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, the president of liberia, leymah Gbowee, and Yemeni pro-democracy campaigner Tawakkol Karman. they were recognised for their "non-violent struggle
the hosts broke the deadlock 13 minutes into the second period. a Colin Shields strike sealed victory with 46 seconds left.
british canoeists take only medal of the regatta in Milan. belcher finishes almost four seconds behind russian Maryna litvinchuk. canadian paddler mark de Jonge defends his world title in the 200m a final.
theme park bosses were informed of the accident on Tuesday at 13:57 BST. ambulance crews said the 999 call was not made until 14:08. 16 people were hurt, four seriously, when the smiler crashed.
the man, 39, is now in hospital for medical assessment, police say. the area has since been declared safe. last year, three people died after a hostage situation in nearby Martin place.
police use tear gas to end three days of unrest sparked by death of Iranian asylum seeker. seven detainees who allegedly participated in the unrest being transferred to australia's mainland. facility houses asylum seekers alongside people whose visas have been cancelled.
inspectors in abattoirs used to be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for disease. but under new european regulations, they will have to rely on visual checks alone. around eight million pigs a year are slaughtered for meat in the UK.
Dasilva, 19, is yet to play for Chelsea but impressed in 10 appearances for the addicks. the full-back captained the english under-19s to their first win at the european championship.
Sam Sebastian, 18, also suffered a cardiac arrest at west gate school, in Leicester, on 27 January 2016. he slipped out of his rubber ring and was underwater for a minute and a half before being revived.
two families were living in the four-storey building that collapsed. two children are among those missing. neighbours did not report hearing any explosion.
Sweeney joined the Tynesiders from hartlepool this summer. the 32-year-old made 444 appearances for the Cumbrians over 13 years. chairman Richard Bennett has maintained the club's full-time status.
major peake made history last month when he became the first Briton to walk in space. the event was streamed to thousands of schools where pupils simultaneously conducted experiments. he said he liked experiments involving vegetables and flowers grown in space the most.
Raszkiewicz, 33, admitted wounding or inflicting GBH with intent. he was on the run from Polish authorities at the time of the attack. judge: "you then lied and said this was a terrible accident. that was cowardly behaviour"
the winner of the inaugural Global Teacher Prize was recognised for her work in teaching reading and writing. former us president, bill Clinton, told the audience that the prize would help to remind the public of the importance of the profession. the prize is meant to show that teaching should be recognised as much as other high-
north Wales could benefit from better transport links and growth potential, says sir Richard Leese. but he says the region "needs more freedom" from the Welsh assembly. the cities of the "northern powerhouse" stretch from Manchester and Liverpool to Sheffield, Leeds and Hu
28-year-old left rovers after their national league promotion final defeat by Grimsby. made 33 league appearances this season, scoring six goals from defence.
Adele wins best album, song of the year and record of year. rap star chance the rapper takes three prizes. rock icon david bowie wins in each of the five categories.
Liverpool beat west brom 2-1 in their premier league clash at anfield. goals from Adam lallana and jordan henderson secure first win since august. manager steve bruce says team's form will improve after international break.
legal experts had warned that inventors and designers based in Scotland could lose out as a result of planned changes to the law. there will be up to four divisional courts in the UK - but there were originally no plans to have one in Scotland. the Law Society of Scotland and the Faculty of
the dress, studded with 6,000 natural white pearls, was taken from the hotel. Nyong'o won best supporting actress in 2014 for 12 years a slave. the dress took 25 people 10 weeks to hand-sew the 6,000 pearls.
radiohead reveal they were asked to write a signature tune for the movie. the song "didn't work out" and writing's on the wall ended up being used instead. Spectre is available as a free download on soundcloud.
the result follows a 1-1 draw against hosts germany on thursday. england face belgium in their final match on sunday (10:30 BST)
the overtime bill for officers and staff in england and wales totalled almost £1bn over three years. the home office said the government had "already taken steps to reduce unnecessary overtime payments" the national police chiefs' council said it was "only right" that officers should be compensate
the walling was discovered during work to extend the castle's main shop and ticket office. the defences were brought in by Mary of Guise, widow of James V, in the 1540s. they are shown in a 17th Century engraving by John Slezer.
Chapman's ice cream initially offered to purchase Beavercrest community school. aging building could require millions of dollars worth of repairs. school is one of 600 earmarked to be shut down in order to save costs.
firefighters spent several days at the site in Duncan street following the blaze on 2 march. environment agency revoked environmental permit after considering facts. firm was "broadly compliant" with fire safety law, fire service says.
google bought start-up nest for $3.2bn (£2.1bn) in 2014. it got the man dubbed the "ipod's father" - the engineer/designer who sold Steve jobs. now, the two men are set to go head-to-head
sepp Blatter has announced he will quit as president of world football's governing body. the 60-year-old frenchman is likely to face a number of challengers in an election set for 26 february. prince Ali and liberian FA president Musa Bility
sullay kaikai opened the scoring for shrewsbury with a low strike. cody McDonald levelled for the visitors before Jake hessenthaler equalised. 81st-minute deflected effort from Jean-Louis Akpa apro
planning application has been made for the development on green belt land at park of keir, near Dunblane. however a council planning and policy consultation stated the development "cannot be supported in policy terms" a spokesman for Park of Keir partners said they would discuss the report
one raccoon dog was found hiding under a water tank in a garden at Kirton holme, near Boston, Lincolnshire, over the Easter weekend. the RSPCA said it had dealt with a number of call-outs in recent years to stray pet r
ed miliband returns to the stage - in shirt sleeves this time - to face questions from his audience. one introduced herself as "christina rees, newly-elected labour councillor for bridgend" a look of mock alarm came over the leader's face as
incident involved a Russian SU-27 Flanker fighter and a us intelligence-gathering RC-135u. the US plane was flying a routine mission in international airspace over the sea of Okhotsk. incident came amid tension between the US and Russia over Russia'
last week, facebook said it was now registering eight billion views a day of video material posted on its social media network. different platforms do not use the same criteria when counting views. facebook counts videos viewed for three seconds or longer.
three said it had a "temporary network issue" which affected calls and texts. it said calls had since been restored and that it is working to restore full service. some users on twitter complained of their texts being sent to random numbers.
the school says the rule was introduced to respect students who are "sensitive to noise" it says the practice also "reduces fidgeting" and is a great way to expend children's energy.
made-up Elwyn Davies was second only to UKIP MEP Nathan Gill in name recognition. he was followed by Jill Evans, Derek Vaughan and Kay Swinburne in the rankings. the 2016 Welsh Election Study was commissioned by Cardiff university.
pfa head of welfare and cricketer Michael yardy meet to discuss mental health in sport. yardy's depression became public knowledge after he left the 2011 world cup. survey shows 60% of people encouraged to seek help after learning about a sportsperson with similar problems.
the 18-year-old won gold at the german open in Hamburg, germany. Williams won the -67kg division taking an impressive 112 points from just four fights. she first considered taking up taekwondo after watching fellow Welsh fighter jade Jones win gold at 2012
the 27-year-old had been due to face Wladimir Klitschko in a rematch. the Ukrainian retired from the ring on thursday. Joshua has also been told he must face a challenger before 2 december.
soldiers and riot police are manning the entrance of the football house. it follows last week's court ruling that amaju pinnick lost his post to Chris Giwa in elections. the NFF has appealed against the court ruling, insisting pinnick is still head of
the curlew has suffered a severe population decline in northern ireland. it has now been added to the red list of the British Birds of Conservation Concern 4. the RSPBNI said it could now be considered the "uk's most pressing conservation issue"
andros townsend replaces the injured Raheem sterling in the squad. the 25-year-old has played 11 times for his country and scored three goals. gareth southgate's side face Malta on 8 October and Slovenia three days later.
the goncourt prize is awarded to a french author for a new book. the 52-year-old is known for frank descriptions of sexuality and alienation. he won a court case in 2002 against Muslim groups who accused him of insulting Islam.
male in his early 30s found with critical injuries in north woolwich road, silvertown. pronounced dead at the scene and inquiries are under way to locate next-of-kin. two other cyclists were killed in the capital within hours of each other on monday.
bad light halted levy on the last hole of his second round. he was six clear of german Martin Kaymer, english's Ross Fisher and swede Robert Karlsson, all on 11 under with several holes to play.
the 39-acre property is on the Thames and a new public park is planned there. it is hoped the sale will cover the £502m debts accrued by a firm which tried to redevelop the landmark site. Chancellor George Osborne has confirmed government
the incident occurred early on Wednesday in Helmand province. soldiers returned fire killing the attackers. there have been dozens of "green-on-blue" attacks in which Afghan security personnel have targeted their western allies since 2007.
the clash with Edinburgh is townsend's last game as head coach of the warriors. he will name his squad for the June fixtures against italy, australia and fiji on monday. the former Scotland international will take charge of the national team in july.
the 20-year-old has quickly established himself in the first team at league one club vale. the youth product spent last season on loan at championship side Torquay. he will be offered a new deal by the League One club when the transfer window reopens.
twin-engined CN235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of codazzi. all of those killed were members of the Colombian air force. an investigation into the cause of the crash has been ordered.
private caixin/markit manufacturing purchasing managers' index drops to 47.8 in July from 49.4 in the previous month. it is the fifth consecutive month of contraction in the sector. factory production was at 47.1 in July, shrinking for the third month in a row.
juventus can re-establish four-point advantage by beating Bologna on sunday. lazio strengthened their hold on fourth place with an unconvincing 1-0 victory over Crotone. atalanta lifted their hopes of Europa League qualification with a 4-1
defence attaché capt Oleg Kornienko presented ushakov medals to the men. 91-year-old seaman Charles Lewis said he was "honoured and delighted" the foreign office initially did not allow Russia to honour the veterans.
three men aged 22, 24 and 46 have been charged with targeting a former member of the security forces in the Craigavon area. a fourth, aged 22, has been charged. with the attempted murder of police officers. police described the device as "potentially lethal"
The Chainsmokers go top with closer, the DJ duo's collaboration with Halsey. DJ Snake and Justin Bieber's let me love you remains at two for the fourth straight week. twenty one pilots occupy the same spot in the album chart.
workers surveying a roundabout near Telford found the skull of an adult male. the find sparked a police inquiry and led to the discovery of "further skeletal remains" the remains have now been recovered and post-mortem tests will help identify him.
cholera death toll rises to 59 and 617 people infected, ministry says. relief agencies try to get clean drinking water to areas worse affected by storm. eight people killed in quake-hit western Haiti.
free school meals was brought in by the coalition government in 2014. but critics said it was too expensive and schools would be forced to cut spending. theresa may's party now says it is not a sensible use of public money.
construction output fell again in the first three months of 2012, reaching its lowest level in 15 years. construction output has fallen by nearly a fifth since the height of the construction boom in 2008.
the Queen's unguarded comments at garden party pose unanswered questions about visit. police commander Lucy D'Orsi was "seriously, seriously undermined by the Chinese" did she mean that Chinese officials threatened to cancel the whole state visit?
Wrexham have appointed dean keates as their new permanent manager. the 38-year-old captained the club to an FA Trophy win in 2013. he had been in temporary charge after manager Gary mills was sacked.
parcel sent from Belgium contained over half a kilo of the class b drug. police obtained a search warrant and raided the plasterer's home. he pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of herbal cannabis.
students at 50 london schools breathe air that exceeds legal pollution limits. trees reduce urban air pollution by only up to 1%. wood-burning stoves are a cause of high indoor air pollution levels.
Joey Alexander is the youngest performer ever to be nominated for the prestigious music award. he performed on stage while cameras panned across to singer Bruno mars. his parents have described his talents as a "gift from God"
seamus mccollum, 56, died at a private nursing home in Randalstown. the death was not treated as murder until this year following an autopsy. he had cerebral palsy and had lived at the care home for nine years.
Thalidomide was developed in germany as a sedative. it was also used to ease morning sickness in pregnant women. the drug was linked to thousands of birth defects and was withdrawn in 1961. former mayor of Castlereagh was born with shorter arms and legs because of it
new pictures reveal a lumpy texture in places that researchers have dubbed "goosebumps" if this interpretation is correct, it represents a major discovery for Rosetta. the presence of this texture is just one observation made in a slew of papers published this week
at least a dozen republicans have said they will not be voting for him. he has been under pressure after a tape from 2005 of him bragging about groping and kissing women was broadcast. former republican presidential candidate John McCain and former secretary of state condoleezza rice have
Brenda Wardle, 56, is accused of pretending to be an attorney and offering to represent a convicted murderer. she featured as an expert on the BBC during the 2014 Pistorius trial. the family accuse her of charging around 500,000 rand (£28,600; $3
tomic says he doesn't respect the sport enough. 24-year-old australian loses 6-4 6-3 6-4 to world number 30 zverev. has earned almost £4m in career prize money, including £35,000 for defeat. tomic has not won a
the case had been brought by the Brazilian investment fund DIS. DIS claimed it was short-changed when Neymar transferred from Santos to barcelona. Barcelona was forced to pay a fine of 5.5m euros ($6.1m; £4.7m) last month
Fidel Castro was born on 13 august to a wealthy sugar farmer from spain. the queen was born slightly earlier, on 21 April, as the first child of the duke of york. she helped boost the nation's morale in the throes of world war ii
victim was walking near east park road when he bundled into a car. two men have been arrested following the incident and police are appealing for more information. the boy was taken to beechwood court, blackburn, where he said four men assaulted him.
neurotribes is the first popular science book to win the prize in its 17-year history. the shortlist had included Jonathan bate's Ted Hughes and Robert macfarlane's landmarks. historian Anne applebaum, chair of the judges, praised Silberman'
great britain face the Dutch in a friendly in Amsterdam on Tuesday and Thursday. england coach Danny Kerry has named a 20-strong squad for the match. reading's Alex danson has missed the last two Tests with a hand injury.
blazes on garage forecourts in salisbury and durrington and in residential areas of amesbury. police estimate the damage caused at "over £100,000" a man, 26, from Amesbury was arrested on Saturday on suspicion of arson.
former IRA commander says his mother was "traumatised" to learn the truth. he was talking to a journalist for a tv documentary to be broadcast on 29 September. his mother, peggy, died in 2008 aged 84.
they include those who have travelled north across the border.
Damien Maguire, 43, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving. he also admitted causing grievous bodily injury to Mrs Maguire's husband and son. judge said he was "left with the firm view" that justice could not be served by a
mufawaka alabash and asem alfrhad were convicted of people smuggling. but they were acquitted of causing death "through deliberate negligence" tens of thousands of refugees and migrants arrive daily in Greece from turkey.
the Kings and the Bloemfontein-based Cheetahs are expected to join the pro12. the league comprises teams from Scotland, Wales, Ireland and italy. van Rooyen hopes a berth in the league will help him impress Springboks
the 50-day conflict between Israel and Gaza militants lasted from July to late august 2014. it left at least 2,189 Palestinians dead, including more than 1,486 civilians, according to the UN. on the Israeli side, 67 soldiers were killed along with six civilians.
germany beat Poland 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier in Frankfurt on friday night. the result adds another layer of gloom to any analysis of the game on monday. mats Hummels' side are yet to win a competitive game this season.
Cleverly will face braehmer for the WBA regular light-heavyweight belt in germany. the 29-year-old's three career defeats have all come in his last six bouts. he lost his WBO crown in 2013 when he was stopped by Serge
all but two of the paintings lady soames owned have been allocated to the national trust. they will remain at Chartwell, Churchill's family home in Kent. the others will stay in the Houses of parliament and the Churchill War Rooms.
the city is back in the grip of general election campaigning after the terror attack. but is the city ready to move on and talk politics? cnn's kat kinsman talks to people from the city centre about their thoughts.
pensioner disturbed man as he was trying to prise open a donation box. he left the church when he saw her, but returned and demanded money from her. officers investigating the robbery have arrested a 45-year-old man.
Tinie has been obsessing over his third album, youth, for more than two years. the record has suffered a number of delays as the star revised and refined tracklist. there's a playfulness and warmth that was missing from his second album Demonstration
reports suggest Chinese buyers are acquiring clothing retailer. aquascutum started in mayfair in 1851, rising to prominence after its founder, John Emary, patented the first waterproof textile. last year it closed 14 stores in china amid declining sales.
about 100 people queued up at the ATM after hearing about the fault at 19:00. a spokeswoman for Clydesdale bank later said the problem had been corrected. in January, dozens of people took advantage of a cash machine in Dundee.
the Tinbergen Building, which houses the departments of zoology and experimental psychology, will be closed from Monday. university spokesman said it was not believed there was a health risk to regular users of the building. a total of 750 staff are based in the building and it
Uefa's executive won't allow their congress to discuss Jersey's bid. island is not recognised by the united nations as an independent nation. representatives from the governing body visited the island in September.
training to become a doctor takes at least five years and currently about 6,000 graduate each year. the government wants many of the new training places to go to students from disadvantaged backgrounds. about a quarter of doctors working in the NHS trained outside the uk.
Saracens thrash bath 24-17 at st james' park. second-half tries from Jamie George, Alex goode and Sean maitland. bath only manage a single try through Anthony Watson.
Kashket scored one goal in 22 appearances for the o's. gape, 21, was captain of the under-21 side last season. the pair join amid an injury crisis that has left more than a third of the chairboys squad in the treatment room.
Ian holloway will take charge of qpr 10 years after he left the west london club. former england boss was sacked in 2002 and re-appointed in 2006. Tony Pulis is the only manager to have enjoyed more than one spell in the
woman said she was "swept off my feet" when she was contacted by a man she believed to be in turkey. the woman, known as Nancy, said she had come out of a "bad marriage" and joined dating website match.com "to dip my toe into the dating world".
in most countries, women are free to change their surname on marrying, if they wish. in some countries, however, the maiden name must remain. a similar pattern is also followed in Ethiopia and Eritrea.
Ospreys beat scarlets 19-9 in their pro12 and european clash on tuesday. defeat ends a run of nine wins in 11 games, including a win against toulon. scarlets are fifth in the pro12 after losing their first three games.
notts beat Essex by 39 runs at Trent bridge to reach final of the odi at Edgbaston. the win sees them return to the showpiece event for the first time since 2010. read has won a Lord's one-day final and two county championship titles
the blue singer is in the final of the british singing competition, strictly come dancing. he revealed earlier this year that he was suffering from severe depression. the singer said he realised he needed to tell fans he wasn't feeling himself.
the choice of a running mate is one of the most crucial decisions a candidate will make. mr Romney will need a partner who will not outshine him on the stump. the perfect VP pick will also need to convince voters he or she is ready to assume the
Afghanistan is the world's largest producer of the substance, which is the main ingredient in heroin. growing opium is a crime in the country, but it is still a major cash crop for impoverished farming communities. just 355 hectares (877 acres) of poppies were
a dad was fined for taking his daughter out of school for a family holiday. he took her to Disney world without her head teacher giving permission. the man from the island of wight appealed against the fine, and won the case. but now the UK Supreme court has
myra Forde's ex-lawyer says she did not state that the late pm was a client. she also says she has "no knowledge of any misconduct on his part" the metropolitan, Wiltshire, Hampshire, Jersey and Kent forces are conducting separate inquiries.
men who want to donate must not have had sex with another man in the past 12 months. there is a "window period" after infection with blood-borne viruses where they are not detectable. some still regard the one year deferral period as too long.
Clark has agreed a three-year contract with Saracens. the 27-year-old will move to allianz park this summer. he made his premiership debut aged 18 for Leeds in 2007.
a vote to reject the bailout could trigger a "grexit", a Greek exit from the euro. a No vote would formally cut the euro pipeline from lenders, and the Greek government could be forced to issue IOUs. the eurozone has no mechanism for a country
the image of a close knit group of professionals pulling in the same direction is forever in tatters. the man at the centre of the storm, Kevin pietersen, has spared no effort in promoting his autobiography far and wide. former australia captain Ricky Ponting has
warwickshire and Worcestershire finish fifth in the north group. the 2014 champions finish fifth with a worse net run-rate. lancashire remain bottom of the group with just two wins.
plans by the rugby football union would remove one of the two weeks when games are not played to create space for a new global international season. if agreed, a six-week tournament would start after the 2019 world cup. Davies believes reducing the tournament from seven weeks to six would be a
the 53-year-old german was last seen on Saturday afternoon. he was cycling part of the south west coastal path between newquay and sennen. coastguard helicopter, cliff teams, lifeboat crews and police were involved.
work at Wrexham cemetery will see the restoration of Grade II-listed chapels and a lodge, which has been closed over safety concerns. it comes after the cemetery won a £1.1m grant from the heritage Lottery fund. work on the cemetery, which is on the register of
management body NHS employers has given the plan the green light. advisers said there were a range of extra tasks they could do with more training. unions warned against using it as a quick fix for problems in the NHS.
government forces, backed by Russian allies, took nearly all remaining rebel-held parts of Aleppo this week. it represents a major victory for president bashar al-Assad. he hailed the "liberation" of aleppo and said history was being made.
the prime minister's office has denied ordering the attack. a militia spokesman said they had "liberated the base and destroyed all the forces inside" most of the dead were soldiers of the self-proclaimed Libyan national army.
a think tank has calculated how much a student could have to pay back with interest. there could be another £40,000 still outstanding when fee loans are written off after 30 years. fees start increasing from this autumn, with the amount then rising with inflation each year.
Ms glass has been shadow minister for Europe and a shadow junior education minister. her appointment comes amid a wave of resignations by labour MPs seeking a change in leadership. predecessor ms Powell said mr corbyn's position has become "untenable"
the oldest fixture in international football is the first competitive meeting of the sides since 1999. the sides - who first met in 1872 - played friendlies in 2013 and 2014. gareth southgate was put in charge of the senior team for four games.
president obama and foreign secretary lavrov meet in moscow. u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton visits russia for talks. "two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this relationship," he says. tensions have risen since a suspected chemical
there is the will within whitehall for Cheshire to benefit from devolution. but the county has been beaten in the race to take on devolved powers. there's a lack of clarity over what a Cheshire deal might look like.
John Morley, 29, is accused of carrying out a sustained weekend attack. the victim, Derek white, was said to have been stabbed in the chest and leg. he will not be released from custody until all conditions are met.
the 22,000-strong african union force fighting al-Shabab is funded by the EU. the last six-month payment has been withheld over "accounting issues" the EU provides $1,028 (£700) for each Amisom soldier each month.
the man was arrested during australia's largest counter-terrorism raids in 2014. he is the 14th and final person to be put before the courts as a result of the mass arrests. police reiterated concerns about the girl's age.
3D-printed material is foldable so it can easily change shape. the us space agency needs to test it in space.
seagull droppings are known to be a source of E. coli bacteria. high levels of the bug are a leading cause of beach closures in many parts of the world. researchers assigned the dogs to 200-metre stretches of beach along the shores of lake Michigan in the us
the red kite was discovered by a member of the public at daintry wood near toddington. an x-ray image showed it had 10 pieces of lead shot lodged in its body. the RSPB said: "this was clearly no accident"
members of the labour party have soared since the general election. cnn's john robinson spent a day in Leeds meeting new and older members. the so-called "corbynistas" remain fiercely loyal to Jeremy corbyn.
about 170,000 people are expected in Cardiff over four days around the match between real madrid and juve. south Wales police could invoke temporary powers allowing officers to search anyone without the usual reasonable grounds. ACC Lewis said the Champions league "even trumps Nato" in terms of the
leng ouch gathered evidence to highlight how land concessions were being abused. his outspoken criticism of the government led to fears for his safety. in 2014, the government cancelled ELCs covering 89,000 hectares of forest.
Harry Kane scored from the penalty spot in the second half after Raheem sterling was penalised for handball. yaya toure struck a 20-yard free-kick against the bar before Kelechi Iheanacho restored parity. arsenal's win
girls as young as 10 forced to marry much older men in countries including Afghanistan, Yemen, india and Somalia. conflict, poverty and humanitarian crises seen as major factors that leave girls exposed to child marriage. report ranks countries based on schooling, child marriage, teen pregnancy, maternal deaths.
the 20-year-old striker has signed a new deal with sunderland until 2019. mead has netted 11 times in the women's premier league so far this season. despite being tipped for a first senior call-up, she was not included in the
the as-yet-untitled book will appear in 2013, the 60th anniversary of the super-spy's first literary outing. it will mark a return to "classic Bond" and will be set in the late 1960s. he is the third author in recent
Matthew Morris, 29, travelled to hotels in Glasgow between July and November 2013. he was caught after colleagues at the english table tennis association reported their concerns to police. sentence on Morris was deferred for background reports and his bail was continued.
Matthew Oliver paid more than one thousand pounds for the seed which came from the current world record holder grown in Switzerland.
McLaren have not won a race since 2012 and their last championship victory was in 2008. boullier says the team and Honda can make significant strides in performance. the frenchman says the recovery plan is now "falling into place"
prime minister says labour have a "brass neck" to claim they are on their side of working families. conservative plans to double state-subsidised childcare for three and four year-olds to 30 hours a week. labour accuses the conservatives of "desper
leanne wood made the comments in a BBC TV debate, which took place a day after the terrorist attack in london. she said she would be willing to put up taxes to fund public services.
the 27-year-old broke his leg in an innocuous clash with reds winger Raheem sterling. he has now returned home to begin his recovery and will wear a cast for a few weeks. latics boss Roberto Martinez said: "it is not as
87th Jeremy corbyn rally of the labour leadership campaign in chelmsford, essex. 500 people queued outside civic theatre to hear veteran left winger. sasha mcloughlin: "he's a breath of fresh air
Munster scrum-half Murray took a heavy blow to the head in a tackle. he was belatedly sent for an assessment but showed no signs of concussion. an untoward incident review group will convene this week.
local government committee is to examine how the payments are made and how appropriate they are. convener Bob Doris said there was "understandable public concern" about the sums being paid out. almost £500,000 was shared between the 32 returning officers inside a matter of weeks in 2016
body of Malcolm ballantyne, known as malky, was found at his home on friday. police are treating the death as suspicious. officers are trying to trace Mr Ballanty ne's movements on Thursday and Friday.
cashback sites let you access a retailer's online store through a link from a cashback website. you still receive your item directly from the retailer, but you also get some money. the average user can make £262 a year, and more than a hundred have made over £
Chelsea have sold four players for a combined £129m, including John Terry and Nemanja Matic. the blues have also sold asmir Begovic to Bournemouth, while last season's top scorer Diego Costa has been told he is free to leave. chels
the decision is being challenged in judicial review proceedings by the finance minister arlene foster. counsel for Mr Durkan claimed he was pressurised by DUP executive colleagues over the policy. BMAP identifies planning zones for 40% of the northern Ireland population.
Jacques Rudolph scores first half-century of the season for glamorgan. hosts chase 290 to win but are bowled out for 237 in final over of innings. will bragg and Jacques rudolph put on 122-run second-wicket stand.
the Whitesands project would see the creation of a raised walkway along the waterfront area. last year an estimate of project costs put the overall bill at between £15m and £17.8m. the Scottish government would provide 80% of the funding with the remainder coming from dumfries
a new website has been launched for farmers to find practical advice on dealing with the disease on their land. recommended actions include asking for a herd's TB history before buying cattle. Farming Minister George Eustice said "good progress" is being made to eradicate TB in England
Iva Barr, from Bedford, was taking part in her 20th marathon. she completed about 14 miles of the route. but she said she had "no regrets" about giving it a go.
labour argues that Kettering general hospital could lose services, but this has been rejected by the conservatives, lib dems and UKIP. an NHS consultation has started into the organisation of five hospital and clinical commissioning groups, in northamptonshire, Milton keynes and Bedfordshire.
Johnston has been at the club for 15 years, serving as chairman for 10. fans feel his presence is an impediment to attracting potential club investors. negotiations are continuing between the club and manager Lee McCulloch.
conference was chaired by former abuse victim Ian McNicholl. his ex-girlfriend is serving a seven year prison sentence for GBH and assault. mankind initiative said men too often are "too ashamed" to report abuse.
Ryan ledson, Luke garbutt, arouna kone and kieran dowell make debuts. striker kone plays 90 minutes as he ends 14-month injury absence. marcos rojo makes his first appearance for everton since march
Buick was unseated as royal ascot winner permian was fatally injured. the 29-year-old suffered a compression of his T12 vertebrae. he will be assessed again in six weeks.
election result could have a huge impact on who runs the next uk government. Jenny went to a youth club in Glasgow to find out more.
Shakespeare appointed as Leicester manager until the end of the season on Sunday. the 53-year-old has been caretaker boss since Claudio ranieri was sacked in february. "on behalf of all the players we'd love to see him get the job long term," says Danny
two of the girls were Somali teenagers who disappeared in 2005 and 2012. eight children have gone missing since 2005 and they remain missing. the health and social care board has said new guidelines are in place.
Belgian authorities fear Paris-style attacks may be carried out, as at least one Paris gunman had lived in Brussels. five people have been charged in Belgium with terrorism offences in connection with the attacks in the neighbouring country. in Brussels, public transport was due to start running again from 0
traffic stopped between J23a and J24 at 21:30 GMT for about 20 minutes. east Midlands airport said closure was "precautionary" after suspected malfunction. spokeswoman for jet2 said flight number LS670 called for assistance.
free-to-view channel, Spike, will show the award-winning series in its entirety. series three, four and five have never been shown on UK terrestrial TV. it will also be the first UK channel to show series five of the walking dead.
interest rates have been at 0.5% since 2009 and the financial crisis. the first increase is now expected in late 2016. in a speech to the TUC, Mr Haldane indicated the next rate move could equally be a cut rather than a rise.
British speedway promoters' association say an agreement has been reached. chairman Keith chapman has been involved in negotiations to keep the club going. a 15-year lease has also been signed for the team's Beaumont park venue.
the poverty rate was 15% in 2011, meaning 46.2 million americans were in poverty. real median income of households in the country dropped by 1.5%. income inequality, as measured by the Gini index, increased by 1.6% in 2011.
copper was mined at the scheduled monument until the 1950s. over the next two years more than 150 repairs will be made. at its peak in the 19th century the mine employed 600 people.
report on children abused in the town between 1997 and 2013 put the figure at at least 1,400. but support workers believe the report may have under-estimated the number. they say men who they knew to be abusers were also abusing young girls.
new england manager roy hodgson resigned in aftermath of Euro 2016 exit. allardyce takes charge of his first game as manager of the three lions. he wants to deliver a morale-boosting opening result against Slovakia. the 61-
the man, 22, from Birmingham, was arrested on Wednesday and has now been bailed. he is in connection with the rape of the teenager in a vehicle in the Witton area. detectives continue to appeal for a good samaritan who picked up the victim
there are no plans for legions of Eurotroops decked out in helmets emblazoned with yellow stars on a blue background. the official agenda here in Bratislava spoke of "the EU Global Strategy and its synergies and sequencing with the Commission-led
two of those on board have been named locally as Kevin and Ruth Burke from Hulcote, near Milton Keynes. they were believed to have been travelling to Dublin, where Mrs Burke was born, for a christening with three other adult family members. a massive air and land search
US president Barack Obama described his death as an "important milestone" but disentangling what it actually marks is not straightforward. it isn't clear that the new leader will be any more open towards the peace process. there is also the question of what it means for us relations with Pakistan.
the £150,000 project was originally launched in June last year. the two-year pilot was cut short five months later when operator grand scheme bike share went into liquidation. the cost of hiring the bikes is free for the first 30 minutes.
the two sides have been holding peace talks for three years. they hope to reach a final peace deal by march 2016. an estimated 220,000 people have been killed in the fighting.
a horn "hit" was allegedly lifted from the track love break. but the 9th circuit court of Appeals said the sample lasted less than a second. it said without careful attention, the horn hits were "easy to miss"
construction should start by the end of 2019 and will take two years to complete. air pollution levels have been found to exceed national standards. the town's main street on the A483 is currently used as a route from Swansea.
the king commissioned the piano for the palace from renowned maker Thomas Tomkison in about 1821. the piano is thought to have been removed from the Pavilion by queen Victoria after she ascended the throne in 1837. it was bought by Brighton and hove city council with
india's GDP grew by 5.3% in the quarter compared with a year earlier. that is down from 6.1% in the previous quarter. india is the third-largest economy in Asia but has been struggling with inflation.
analysts say the company's patents, software and cash reserves could make it worth about $5bn. analysts add the hardware unit itself has "negative value" and any suitor might wish to do a deal in which they did not have to acquire it.
a replica of the cane he used in his portrayal of dinosaur creator is expected to make £3,000-5,000. the working screen play for the film, which won eight Oscars, is also up for auction. a rare 1918 Charlie Chaplin film poster for a dog's life
David Montgomery, 39, was giving evidence for a third day in the trial of Ronnie coulter. the witness called QC findlay a liar over his differing versions of events. he was ordered to apologise by judge Lord Matthews.
labour would pass a law that gives employees the right to a regular contract. lib dems would ban exclusivity clauses which prevent people looking for additional work. tories claim the move is a threat to jobs, although Mr Miliband insisted it would "absolutely not"
Hutchison sold his 76% shareholding in fir park to the well society for £1. the move has taken 14 months to be agreed, with the handover taking place in july. he believes the club is close to breaking even and that local businesses need to step up.
a £100,000 reward is on offer for information leading to the conviction of the killers of 14-year-old Charlene downes or the recovery of her body. an appeal will be made on the big screen and inside programmes during the team's match against Brighton on Saturday
regulated fares are capped at no more than July's RPI inflation rate of 1%. money from fares now almost covers rail's daily operating costs, says RDG. campaigners say more must be done to achieve a "truly affordable railway"
veterans with amputation-related medical issues can now attend a clinic at the Surrey-based unit's defence medical rehabilitation centre. the first six such patients have already received treatment there. veterans' healthcare remains the responsibility of the NHS, but they now have access to the DMRC at headley court
university commissions portraits of women, ethnic minorities, gays and lesbians. aim is to redress balance from walls being lined with pictures of "dead white males" new pictures will include scientist Dame Jocelyn bell burnell and author Jeanette winterson.
Derbyshire were knocked out of the t20 blast by Hampshire on tuesday. the hosts lost by 101 runs in their first match of the competition. dr steve wilson's side will face england in the quarter-
four national football associations unable to agree on sending great britain teams to rio. england captain roy hodgson describes the situation as "frustrating" hodges says it is "very disappointing" not to go to the games.
top acting honours went to Michael B Jordan for Rocky spin-off Creed. asif Kapadia's Amy Winehouse documentary won best non-fiction film. former Twilight star Kristen Stewart won best supporting actress for Clouds of Sils Maria.
poetry winner Pink mist also takes the Roland mathias award. Francesca rhydderch wins the fiction prize with the rice paper diaries. Ioan kidd wins the book prize and people's choice award with his work, dewis. second time winner Owen
england beat Pakistan and Sri Lanka in tri-series. duckett and bell-drummond score 220 each in 425-1 total. ninth-highest list-a score ever.
matchbox industry has a long history and labels tell a story. a number of labels started during the independence struggle. many Bollywood films were promoted on matchboxes in the 1950s.
heated cups are placed on the skin and suction pulls the skin away from the body. cupping is done by lighting flammable liquid in a small glass cup and once the flame goes out, the drop in temperature creates suction. the suction improves blood flow and leaves the red
a week of protests to coincide with the race began on Friday, organised by the opposition to the ruling royal family. authorities in Bahrain are increasing security following a series of explosions in the country. the 2011 Bahrain grand prix was postponed and later cancelled after month-long pro-democra
Les Liaisons Dangereuses is based on the scandalous 1782 novel by Choderlos de laclos. it tells of sex, intrigue and betrayal among aristocrats in pre-revolutionary france. the 250-seat theatre
only four players - Essam el-hadary, Ahmed Elmohamady, Mohamed abdel-shafy and Ahmed fathi - have played at a nations cup before. coach hector cuper must cut four players to get his
the Phoenix tent will also host new york indie pop outfit The pains of being pure at heart. SLUG, a new band fronted by former field music bassist Ian black, will also play. the festival near Dundrennan takes place on 24 and 25 July.
one house was "completely missing" and others seriously damaged, inquest hears. paramedic: "my first personal thought was it was a possible plane crash, the way the house had caved in" firefighter: "i've been to gas explosions before but i'
Lara Clarke, an amateur baker from the west Midlands, has baked this special cake. many other bakers around the world have also made cakes to celebrate Jk rowling's special day.
over 100 shops in the coastal town of cumana were hit and at least one person died. opposition politicians blame government mismanagement for the shortages. government says shortages are part of an economic war being waged to drive president maduro from office.
letting agent Investing Solutions receives housing benefit by finding properties for single homeless men. the charity, Fresh Start Housing, refers clients to both companies. homeless group says the relationship is "a new low" both companies are based in the same building in south London.
the Scots start their six nations campaign with a thrilling win over Ireland in four years. they beat France for the first time in 10 years last season at home, but have lost on their past nine trips to Paris. the french have not finished in the top half of the six nations since 2011
campaigners estimate that the average australian wedding has a price tag of around 35,000 australian dollars ($27,000; £18,000) the campaign for reform in australia received some high-profile support from Alan Joyce, the openly gay, Irish-born chief executive of the airline Qantas
opposition parties in south korea give up on filibustering after 57 hours. they were trying to block an anti-terror bill which they said threatened personal freedoms. the longest speech was by Jung Cheong-rae, who spoke for 11 hours 39 minutes.
so who's in and what's the lowdown?
the duchess of cambridge gave birth to a son on monday afternoon. the mint announced earlier this month that children who shared the birthday would receive one of the coins. parents wishing to claim one need to register on the Mint's facebook page.
the two countries have been involved in a prolonged row over disputed islands. envoy fukushiro nukaga delivered a letter to president-elect park geun-hye. relations became tense after south Korean president made surprise visit last year.
carrick suffers ankle injury in friendly in alicante. the 34-year-old left the pitch on a stretcher. england face france at wembley on tuesday.
arnis zalkalns, 41, was jailed in Latvia for murdering his wife in 2007. he was released and travelled to the uk in 2007 and was found hanged. his wife, 14-year-old Alice, went missing in august last year
AQIM emerged in early 2007, after a feared militant group, the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC), aligned itself with bin Laden's international network. its influence over other nascent Islamist cells comes from its wealth: it is one of the
SNP MP for Aberdeen north found a toy rabbit at the Carriage Gates entrance. she tried to trace the owner on social media but no-one came forward for months. a user got in touch at hogmanay, saying the toy belonged to her daughter
a warrant was signed for the "fingerprint on iphone device" of a suspect. it authorised officers to "depress" her fingerprints on the sensor. campaigners say making suspects decrypt their phones means they are testifying against themselves.
group winners molde registered home and away victories over Celtic. a point against the Dutch side could keep Celtic in the hunt if they fail to beat fenerbahce. deila does not expect his side to travel to glasgow with great confidence.
Shinnie joined the dons from inverness caledonian thistle in 2015. the 25-year-old has made more than 70 appearances for the club. manager Derek McInnes described his decision as "as important as any signing we will make"
McDonnell will fight Rosas on the undercard of the ibf world heavyweight title bout. it will be McDonnell's first fight in the UK since defeating javier chapcon in 2014. the 30-year-old won the WBA title with a 10th-round stop
governor of the bank of england announces one-year extension to his term. move comes after weeks of speculation about whether he would extend his time as head. david frum says the decision was a personal one, and a fudge by the governor. he
system was developed at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital and the city's Marie curie hospice in the 1990s to provide a model of best practice in the care of dying patients. families have complained relatives were put on the pathway without their consent, and that death has been hastened in people who were not
partially-dismembered body of David Miller, 56, found at his flat in northampton. he had been stabbed multiple times and "crude attempts" made to destroy his body. Ian cuthbertson, 49, Michael hallett, 37, Joseph cat
the jury in the trial found him guilty on 38 out of 40 charges including fraud and ID theft. prosecutors called him "one of the most prolific credit card thieves in history" more than 3,700 businesses were hit by the hack attacks, said prosecutors.
14-month-old tabby and white called pumbaa was found bleeding in an alleyway. the stab wound was so deep the vet was unable to operate before he died. a second cat - mischief - was shot by an air rifle in an area near to
an australian pelican, Lanky was the longest living resident of Wellington zoo, arriving in 1978. he had arthritis and had stopped eating or taking his medicine. the zealot was euthanised "in his best interests"
A* and A grades awarded to 26.3% of entries - up by 0.5 percentage points. there was a fall in the top grades for 13 subjects in english with new content. the number of university places allocated so far has dropped this year.
two children who go to the miles of smiles nursery in baglan have been confirmed as having the virus. five others are being tested and a vaccination session is planned at the nursery on friday. public health Wales said some children were at risk because they were too young to have received one or both
president cancels investigation into claims of abuse of power revealed by covert recordings. he said he wanted to "put an end to the agony" ahead of early elections in June. opposition leader Zoran Zaev said the move was illegal.
horse-drawn chaise post retraces route taken in 1815 from old royal naval college, in greenwich, to st james's square. major Harry percy left Belgium carrying a letter relaying news from the battlefield to an expectant nation. the
Russian state "likely to have been the sponsor of this plot", inquiry hears. polonium caused the death of dmitry litvinenko, 43, in 2006. the two suspects deny any wrongdoing.
chancellor does confirm a £50m pot of money to support the expansion of grammar schools. he said the government's education policies had "expanded opportunity" but head teachers said capital investment in grammar schools was "the wrong priority"
Joyce Watson, Labour AM for mid and west wales, backs a fingerprint ID system of cashless payments to help poorer children. she says some pupils are going hungry to avoid being seen to claim free meals. research indicates that in denbighshire, for example, all secondary schools use
infusions of so-called broadly neutralising antibodies could suppress the amount of HIV in a patient's blood. approach uses clones of immune proteins taken from a rare individual. scientists hope with further work this could bolster current treatments.
the 33-year-old was injured at Colchester police station in east london. he was injured during a struggle when he grabbed hold of a toilet bowl. the IPCC has started an investigation into the incident. it is believed seven police officers will be questioned
Ivorian entrepreneur anine mariam ouattara tells the BBC about difficulties young people face and her aspirations for her country.
dover say they have been allowed to sign defender n'gala. the 27-year-old played for barnet and eastleigh earlier this season. rules state a player cannot appear for more than two teams in one season.
Dundee beat partick thistle 2-1 in the scottish championship on saturday. match-winning brace from kane hemmings takes his tally to 25 in all competitions this season. partick manager says his side deserved at least
"rethink Remembrance" campaign launches with a video installation in london. charity says people commonly associate the poppy and the charity's work with older veterans. survey of 1,000 adults found most only associate the two world wars and the elderly.
Paul Quinn fires in from a corner to give county a 1-0 lead. a Jamie reckord own goal equalises for the semi-professionals. but a second-half strike from Alex Schalk puts county in control. Ruari maclennan
The conjuring 2 opened nearly on par with its 2013 original. warcraft came in second with $24.4m (£17.2m) and now you see me 2 was at three. X-Men: apocalypse dropped to number four with $14.8m (
the average ticket price for a west end musical in 2016 was £49.28. last year, Lord Lloyd-Webber revealed that the physical running costs for one of his theatres was £38,000 per week. the topic of ticket costs often arouses strong feelings.
GeoRescue would provide information on predicted and ongoing natural disasters. it would guide people from affected areas to safety using advanced maps services. the app would emit a signal using GPS to indicate a person's location.
David Miller hits 50 off 33 as Gloucestershire finish on 151-7 in reply to 176-5. Jacques Rudolph takes 51 off 46 as home side move to top of south group. michael klinger takes 52 off 34 balls as gloucestershire fall short.
cnn's richard quest has compiled a list of the most viral videos and memes of 2015. nothing in this list was created specifically to go viral, as in, a committee of advertising executives didn't sit around a room to decide how to spend money.
police were called to an address in pencoed, bridgend, at 17:30 on saturday. the man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being questioned.
two brothers suspected of carrying out the attack on satirical magazine Charlie hebdo have been killed. the men, Said and Cherif Kouachi, had been barricaded in a printing factory. police stormed the building where they had been holding a hostage
the 96-year-old announced his retirement in may, after decades of support. he and the queen have been married for nearly 70 years. they have four children: prince Charles, prince Andrew, prince Edward and princess Anne.
52% of locals backed the demolition of the east marsh blocks and Comber place maisonettes, while 42% were against it. a total of 457 flats are affected and will start to be emptied in October, with residents rehomed over the next four years.
three men broke into the Grade II listed mansion in Sible Hedingham, Essex. father-of-two Timothy mardon had barricaded himself in after hearing intruders go from room to room. one man denies attempted murder and aggravated burglary. two others have
the singer has removed all of her albums from the music-streaming service. there's been no word from the 24-year-old on why she's taken the tracks down. Spotify has said that it hopes "she'll change her mind" and return to the site.
parts of the new track in azerbaijan are "really not looking good", says button. he says some corners "don't have any run-off at all" at the new circuit. the track is expected to be the fastest street circuit in f1 history.
cnn correspondents say his actions have divided the public with some hailing this as a new form of democracy. traffic has been thrown into chaos and at least four metro stations have been shut down. security is extra-tight because india's annual republic day parade is just days away
police Scotland made more than 2,100 arrests in relation to organised crime last year. they estimate 220 gangs are currently dealing in drugs, firearms, high-value theft, fraud and human trafficking. 122 people arrested in the last 12 months were described by officers as principal players involved in
this year's show will take place at the SSE arena in Belfast on 20 December. the show will be live on BBC one, the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio 5 live. a limited number of extra tickets will be available closer to the event.
Armstrong says he would not dope again if he was racing in 2015. cyclist was stripped of seven tour de france titles and banned for life in 2012. 43-year-old admitted using performance-enhancing drugs in interview in 2013.
Wales are in a fantastic position to qualify for the knockout stages of euro 2016. wales could still qualify for last 16 with a draw against Russia. Joe allen says the squad are determined to have no regrets over the tournament.
bike and suit fitted with a battery of sensors to record every aspect of man and machine in action. data analytics firm EMC, sportswear maker Alpinestars, and sensor specialist freescale semiconductor tested the technology at the monteblanco circuit. results were surprising, not least to the
23-year-old batsman sets himself two goals; scoring 1,000 first-class runs for the first time in his career and breaking into the county's one-day team. wells came close to his first target last season, when he scored 982 Championship runs at an average of 37.
local legend claims the rock, known as the soulbury boot, appeared on Chapel hill after villagers fought with the devil and cut off his foot. it is not known how the boulder gets back up the hill, but it was in its usual place when a motorist allegedly hit it, damaging her
the 67-year-old was attacked outside his gateshead home on 25 January. a campaign to raise £500 was quickly smashed and a man charged with intent to rob charged. the attacker will appear at Newcastle crown court on 24 February.
shares in the 80%-taxpayer-owned bank dropped 3% on the news. RBS said its executive committee would not receive a bonus for 2013-14. the £3.1bn it planned to set aside would be used to settle claims relating to mortgage products, PPI claims and interest
the 17th century miniature painting of Edward Herbert, 1st baron Herbert of Cherbury, was painted in watercolour on vellum by Isaac Oliver. it was bought for £2.1m by the national trust with help from the national heritage memorial fund and art fund. the artwork shows Herbert, who
bus use has been falling across the uk since 2008 but the drop has been sharpest in Wales. the Welsh government puts £25m a year into supporting bus services. WLGA said the level of cuts could be "devastating"
judge Thokozile Masipa urged lawyers to make good use of the upcoming fortnight break for the Easter holidays. here are a few questions that have been niggling me in recent days.
female officers will be able to wear a headscarf under their caps or berets. headscarf bans on university campuses and state institutions have also been lifted. secularists regard it as a symbol of religious conservatism.
the degrees form part of the UK's cyber security strategy published in 2011. minister Francis Maude said education was key to improving defences against hackers. he said the courses would help to make the "uk one of the safest places in the world"
Alexander Kerry, 23, was sentenced at Ipswich crown court after he entered a guilty plea. he denied a charge of sexual assault and the prosecution chose not to proceed. police described Pauline King as a "reclusive hermit" who lived alone in
the violence is the first in Beirut since the conflict began in neighbouring Syria. it follows a week of clashes in the northern city of Tripoli between anti-Syrian sunnis and alawites. political factions in Lebanon have often defined themselves as pro- or anti
care workers are to be sentenced later for the maltreatment of five patients. a BBC investigation has found evidence of alleged abuse involving different staff members. police have agreed the assault on Ben pullar was "not acceptable" but said they would not re-open the case.
the 27-year-old joins from Ashdod for an undisclosed fee. he spent last season on loan at Easter road. marciano made 28 appearances for hibs last season.
Gordie howe, nicknamed "mr hockey", died on friday at his son's home. howe spent most of his career with the Detroit red wings, winning the Stanley cup four times. he was also named an NHL all star 23 times and inducted into the hockey hall of
the private infrastructure development group (PIDG) has built up a £27m surplus. the NAO has urged ministers to keep a much closer eye on its spending. PIDG projects funded include a steel foundry in Nigeria and a Ugandan hydropower scheme.
Martin foran, 71, from Manchester, served a total of 18 years in prison. he was convicted in 1978 of robbery following an investigation by the since discredited west Midlands serious crime squad. his conviction was quashed on appeal in 2013, but not before
there is speculation the date in may is being considered by the UK government. a spokesman for labour's first minister carwyn Jones said it would limit pro-EU parties' ability to have a "genuine referendum strategy". plaid Cymru peer Lord Elis-Tho
jack Marriott opened the scoring for peterborough in the second half. Marriott doubled his tally to five goals in two games with the winner. Kieffer Moore equalised for Rotherham with a header.
bianchi's father tells italian newspaper he speaks to his son every time the phone goes. "he will not give up, I'm sure of that. I can see it. I believe it," he said. the 25-year-old is in a critical but stable
firm began operating in northern ireland in 2012 and now employs about 100 people. Invest NI is supporting the investment with a grant of £727,500. the new posts in Belfast will have average salaries of £40,000.
man dialled two taxi firms from the landline in the house in Luton. hung up after being asked for his phone number. flat-screen tv and other electrical items were stolen from the house.
Clogher rider took a narrow victory over compatriot alastair seeley. seeley is unable to score championship points on his Spirit Moto2 machine. farmer now lies second in the standings on 145 points.
the quantity of goods bought between April and may fell by 1.2%. the ONS said that higher prices across all sectors "seem to be a significant factor" the gap between wages and inflation is continuing to widen.
the west african nation branded the grouping a "neo-colonial institution" the 54-member grouping includes the UK and most of its former colonies. there is a history of tension between president jammeh and the uk.
Kerri Imelda doherty was supposed to see four offenders at least once a month. the men needed regular visits because they could suffer a relapse. she denied any wrongdoing but three allegations were found proven. a fourth charge of acting "dish
the timing of the formal notification of intention to leave the EU was in Britain's hands, he said. but he insisted that "nothing is going to happen at the moment" german Chancellor angela Merkel said deterring other countries from leaving the bloc should not be a priority
cell site simulators mimic a legitimate mobile tower and trick every phone in range. authorities say they have been an important tool in fighting crime. civil liberties groups have expressed concern at potential invasions of privacy.
Cuba was one of the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with the country. Mr jammeh took power in a coup in 1994 and is seeking re-election. the information minister said the move was to mourn the revolutionary leader.
two-year-old Hank was removed by dog wardens last month and taken for testing. it has been recommended that he be placed on the council's exemption register. he will undergo behavioural training and will also be kept on a lead and muzzled in public.
Everton have no need to sell, but the possibility is growing that stones will leave before the start of the new premier league season. the 22-year-old defender was at the centre of a transfer battle last summer when everton rejected a succession of bids rising up to almost
the Met office issued a yellow warning for severe gales with gusts up to 60mph. a Christmas market in Magherafelt, County Londonderry, had to be cancelled. the storm is expected to move across Ireland and then on to Scotland.
teenager was pronounced dead at the scene following the crash in new malden. the lorry driver, who was not arrested, stopped following the collision.
a Vauxhall astra and a Peugeot 206 were involved in the crash on blackburn road in Sheffield at 01:00 GMT. Joshua Fothergill, 19, of Rotherham was in the Astra and died at the scene. Liam parkin, also 19, of Sheffield
Shana Grice's body was discovered with her throat slit in her bedroom. the 19-year-old had ended her relationship with "obsessed" michael Lane. he denies murder at lewes crown court.
Bristol city are two points above the relegation zone after 2-2 draw at home to Newcastle. city had led 2-0 before the hosts fought back to level. it was the second time in the past four games that city have dropped points.
the new system will be implemented in all ties in the carabao cup, checkatrade trophy and efl play-offs. as the current system stands, teams take turns in a shootout, with the choice of who goes first decided by a coin toss.
olive cooke, 92, of Bristol, joined the royal British Legion aged 16. her first husband was killed in action in 1943. she has sold poppies from the entrance to Bristol cathedral for 12 years.
arlene arkinson, 15, went missing after a night at a disco in county durham in 1994. her body has never been found, and Robert Howard, who died in prison last year, was the main suspect. the woman, who was just 14 at the time, told detectives
more than 30 of tsipras' own MPs vote against him in parliamentary vote. vote means the government loses its majority but is expected to survive. eurozone finance ministers are due to discuss the vote in a conference call.
the decisions made in the election will have a big impact on the lives of all children across the country. with so many different political parties competing with each other, we're giving you the lowdown on the main ones.
England will play their first day-night test when they host west indies at Edgbaston in august. Yorkshire say they were asked by the ECB about their willingness to move one of the Championship games at Headingley.
in 2012 tower hamlets council decided against selling the piece after strong criticism. council said it would be positioned in canary wharf from October. the Henry Moore foundation said it was "very pleased" the piece was returning to tower Hamlets.
James Moore, 24, was due in court on friday for driving without insurance, tax, L-plates and without a qualified driver. the 24-year-old then texted his solicitor to request a postponement. "tell him to go easy on the paella and cervez
Kara McCullough, 25, appeared to link healthcare to employment during pageant. beauty queen said: "i'm definitely going to say it's a privilege" remarks divided liberal-minded and conservative-minded viewers. comes as the Trump administration battles to overturn Obamacare.
many companies will sell YouTube views, likes or comments for a fee. most videos have genuine views but the website wants to crack down on the small number that don't.
the "heavenly palace" laboratory was launched in 2011 as part of an ambitious Chinese plan to catch up with other space powers. a senior space official has said the lab had "comprehensively fulfilled its historical mission" the station is currently intact and orbiting at 370km above ground
imports of chicken to sub-saharan africa tripled between 2004 and 2014. the continent's population is projected to double to 2.5 billion by 2050. chicken is the first choice of meat for most africans.
pm was told on Wednesday morning his father was seriously ill after suffering a stroke. after talking to doctors, the pm decided to fly to be with his father and mother. downing street said french president Nicolas Sarkozy had arranged a helicopter.
al-Wair, home to an estimated 75,000 people, has been under siege by government forces since 2013. in december 2015, community leaders agreed a five-stage truce with the government. the next two phases will see about 10,000 to 15,000 people leaving in several groups.
Saracens winger Chris Ashton sets new european cup try-scoring record. the 37th try in the competition was his 37th in european competition. he raced on to Alex goode's precise grubber kick to score historic try. they face Exeter in
the life-size artwork shows the legendary former umpire raising his index finger. items to have been hung from it include pumpkins and chip boxes. sculptor says plinth beneath statue will be raised to about 5ft high (1.5m)
retail union USDAW predicts the average household could be £580 a year worse off as a result of a so-called Brexit. the retail bosses previously ran Tesco, sainsbury's, asda, Morrisons, M&S and B&Q
former man utd midfielder, 37, has been coaching at old trafford. he came off the bench for final 31 minutes of 3-2 win at manchester city on sunday. former england international retired at the end of last season.
it was the school's 18th title, won with the help of some 4,300 participants in the sumptuous parade. fans of the samba school, which is rooted in Rio's mangueira favela, screamed with joy as the results were read out
uk government cut subsidies for renewables because it is already meeting its renewable energy targets. law firm lawyer says Welsh government missed the boat by not doing enough when subsidies were in place. spokesman for Welsh government said it did not have the same energy powers as Scotland.
supermarkets cut the price of diesel by up to 2p per litre. the last time diesel was cheaper than petrol was in 2001. increased supply of diesel from refineries outside the uk is likely to be the reason.
the 24-year-old held off european indoor silver medallist Andreas bube of Denmark to win in 1:49.02. Dublin runner Brian Gregan won the 400m while city of lisburn club's Amy foster was second in the 100m in 11.70.
1.5 million of the six million 18-24 year olds eligible to vote are not registered. they have until 7 June to register to vote in the referendum on its membership of the EU. leave campaigner, tory MP James Cleverly, said Mr Miliband's "cynical"
plans would allow victims to ask for a case to be reviewed when police identified a suspect but did not pass a file to the crown prosecution service. policy would begin with rape and child sexual exploitation cases. shadow home secretary yvette cooper said it was time to "put victims in
chase is the founder and owner of chase vodka, a luxury version of vodka made from potatoes grown on his farm. the 56-year-old was bankrupt aged 32, and became a multimillionaire by the time he was 48. he created and sold best-selling upmarket crisp
a shipment of weapons came under attack twice on its way from damascus to the port of latakia. "this is a serious business. Syria is in war, and the americans and others have to take this into consideration," he said. the government, via state
maya Kantengule was found at the bottom of a swimming pool at waveney river centre. she was declared dead later that day at james paget university hospital. environmental health officer said people swam at their own risk.
former captain Mitchell passes 10,000 first-class runs for the county. he makes 120, followed by 150 from opener Brett D'Oliveira. Worcestershire close on 323-3, a lead of 48, after two rain-hit days.
the ban on high denomination notes was intended to crack down on corruption. but it sparked scenes of chaos outside banks and ATMs. economists say the "collateral damage" is likely to outstrip its benefits.
Chris Maguire scores brilliant free-kick in stoppage time to give the U's victory. Billy Clarke missed a penalty in the 21st minute for Bradford. the visitors had been undefeated in their first 15 games of the campaign.
developer appealed to the secretary of state for communities and local government. the scheme would have consisted of 510 houses and a care home. villagers mounted a campaign against the plans, with more than 1,200 people writing letters.
a wallabies win will knock England out of the world cup and send Wales through to the quarter-finals. a bonus-point win for england would mean the match between australia and wales at Twickenham would decide the other qualifier from pool of death.
"the truth is that Taylor Swift and I are together, and we're very happy," he says. he was nominated for an Emmy for his role in the BBC's The Night Manager. speculation about the relationship has been rife since they were snapped embracing
there are 56 so-called legacy inquests involving 98 deaths. the LCJ announced a plan to have them all heard within five years. first minister arlene foster blocked a request for funding for the initiative.
notts win by eight wickets in 53 minutes at the Oval. hosts declare on overnight score of 244-5. chasing target of 386 runs in 96 overs. spinner Zafar ansari ends with 6-36.
for decades Fleet street was synonymous with the nation's biggest newspapers. the first daily newspaper, the Daily Courant, was published in the street in 1702. reporter gavin sherriff: "to be one of the last ones, i feel unworthy of the torch"
the Barn surgery in Christchurch was criticised by the care quality commission (cqc) a new inspection in February found the practice had made a "significant number of improvements" the surgery is now rated "good" overall, the CQC said.
Singapore graduates are amongst the most ambitious in Asia when it comes to job and salary prospects. economic growth forecasts for Singapore have been slashed in the wake of a weakening global economy. young graduates are now under pressure to become more competitive, or start looking at different ways to
pep guardiola's side move out of the relegation zone with 2-1 win at Stuttgart. David alaba doubled the lead after half-time before Douglas Costa sealed victory. borussia dortmund can cut the gap to five points with a win at schalke
Dustin Johnson, Rory McIlory and Jason day miss the cut at the us open. the world's top three have missed a major for the first time since 1986. overnight leader Rickie fowler shoots a one-under 73 to sit one off the lead
west berkshire council is setting up an emotional health academy. staff will work with children, families and schools. council hopes to launch the academy in April while contributing about £120,000 a year.
emergency medical retrieval and transfer service cymru to launch in north. south and mid Wales have had it since 2015 and it will launch in the north on Monday. health secretary says it will bring critical care closer to people. two "flying medics" helicopter
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in jail in september. her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, has criticised the government for a lack of action. he said the family could not go to his wife's appeal hearing in "secret"
former world number one ryan westwood says he is back to his best at the open. the 43-year-old has finished tied 10th at augusta and fourth at oakmont this year. westwood is the 12th shortest price on offer at 40-1 by bookmakers.
32-year-old right-back has been with arsenal since the age of eight. has won nine league titles during her time at the emirates stadium.
cycling has had its funding cut by more than £4m to £25.98m. archery, fencing, weightlifting and wheelchair rugby also miss out. total of £345m will be invested in 31 Olympic and paralympic sports.
Gentoo penguins live in ice-free areas near Antarctica. their steam-lined bodies mean they can swim up to 22 miles and hour underwater.
emergency services called to croft house in Kilmuir on saturday. police and fire officers were unable to enter the premises until it could be confirmed as structurally safe. when a search was later carried out a body was found. the incident was not being treated as
aidan McNicholl, 36, died following the collision on the A5 at Cerrigydrudion. father-of-four Andreas werner, 46, of Leipzig, failed to spot the motorcyclist. he was fined £1,000 and banned from driving
the Dow Jones climbed 37.46 points or 0.18% to 21,173.69. the wider S&P 500 added 2.81 points, rising 0.16% to 2,433.09. energy stocks fared the worst on Wednesday, as oil prices slid.
allsop, 25, made his premier league debut in November 2015. cooke, 20, won the european championship with england under-17s in 2014.
Inverness ct 0-0 partick thistle kilmarnock 3-2 ross county motherwell 0-2 rangers st johnstone 3-0 hamilton academical championship. ayr united 1-4 greenock morton Dunferm
prime minister david cameron attended the main celebration at Cleethorpes in north east Lincolnshire. it featured an aerobatic display by the red arrows, a battle of britain memorial flight and parachute display. a flag-raising ceremony was
ostrich egg covered in meat and sausages takes seven hours to cook. new world record set in 2008 in a hotel in london. egg boiled for two hours and meat cooked for three hours.
Stuart coffey, 44, transferred cash from bracebridge heath medical practice into his own account between 2008 and 2013. the surgery fell into rent arrears of £37,000. he pleaded guilty to one count of fraud at Lincoln crown court.
the 58-year-old has spent time in charge of blackpool, standard Liege and metz. he replaces compatriot Karel fraeye, who was sacked on Wednesday. the addicks are currently 23rd in the championship, three points from safety.
Scotland flanker hardie has never played an international rugby match in his career. the 27-year-old has won five caps for his country. he joined the squad in the summer but has not played a game of rugby in his homeland.
the hashtag #KamiTidakTakut has emerged in the aftermath of Thursday's attacks. a common meme, of a peace sign with a Jakarta landmark in its centre, was adapted from an image used on social media after the paris attacks. another popular hashtag was #
40 new jobs have been filled in the past nine months at the company. it is part of a £4.1m investment supported by Invest northern ireland.
the 400-member santee sioux tribe already runs a casino, hotel and ranch. it hopes the resort will be a new revenue generator. tribal leaders predict the resort would make up to $2m (£1.3m) per month.
ufc lightweight champion conor murray confirms one-off rule change to drop glove size from 10oz. the 154lbs bout is considerably over the 147lbs limit at which 8oz gloves can be used. "i don't believe with the new gloves he makes
nearly 2,800 people have signed a petition against the sale of the allotments. campaigners say schools and doctors surgeries are "already full" council leader says the plans would provide more housing.
GB take on hosts italy, Netherlands and Serbia between 11-14 february. the winners will progress to final qualifying for the 2018 winter games. 17 of the squad who won a silver medal at the 2015 world championship (division 1b) in Netherlands are named on the roster
bay TV, based in toxteth, was set up as part of a government initiative. the station has been supported by money from the BBC licence fee. chief executive said he hoped it would be sold as a going concern.
former togo coach keshi dies suddenly aged 54. he was appointed head coach of togo three times between 2004 and 2011. the match in lome was between his 2006 squad and the current national side. striker Emmanuel Adebayor said he listened to his advice
a lady was knocked over during the theft in market street, Limavady. she suffered non life-threatening injuries. a 20-year-old man was detained.
28-year-old man admitted to hospital with stab wounds to neck, shoulder and chest. attacker described as white, in his early 20s, of average height and slim build. det sgt Julie Connor said it was a "brutal attack" with an unknown motive
the plane came down en route to Russia from the resort of Sharm el-Sheikh. Russia has said a bomb brought down the plane, after finding "traces of foreign explosives" it has vowed to "find and punish" the perpetrators.
uruguayan striker scored 27 goals in two years for Serie a champions. the 23-year-old joined juve in 2014 after four seasons at la liga side real. he is currently playing for spain at euro 2016.
default passwords and bad security practices could have leaked data to attackers. researchers found problems with a smart doorbell, a connected camera and a child's toy. all four firms have acted on the warnings and tightened up code.
Jean-Pierre bemba found guilty of rape and murder at ICC trial in the hague. he was accused of failing to stop his rebels killing and raping people in neighbouring CAR. the 53-year-old will remain in custody until sentencing.
Taliban have tried to stop women and girls getting an education in Swat, the area of Pakistan where malala lived.
three open-top buses took the first team, youth team and family members on a parade from stamford bridge towards the King's road in west London. the match also marked didier drogba's final game for the club after he announced his intention to move on.
Rosberg can win the championship by finishing second to Hamilton at the last two races of the season. the german is 19 points adrift of his team-mate with a total of 50 available in Brazil and Abu Dhabi. a frantic battle over third place between red bull's max
lawyers will question whether theresa may is entitled to act unilaterally. leading the fight against the government is Gina Miller, who runs an investment firm. around two million British citizens are believed to live and work in other EU countries.
seachill is about to impose new terms and conditions and workers aren't happy. the company relies on overtime to keep its conveyor belts running. workers have to decide whether to accept the new contracts or risk losing their jobs.
riot police in central Moscow were picking protesters out of the crowd at random, a BBC correspondent at the demonstration has said. a court in Moscow announced its verdict late on Monday, rejecting demands by Alexei Navalny's defence lawyers to drop the case. the 41-year
the company reported an 11% rise in pre-tax profits to £173m for the year to 30 June. in the UK, net fees were flat, with trading "more challenging" towards end of year. conditions were particularly tough in local government and healthcare markets.
ad-blockers on Samsung phones will have to be added in the same way and will not come as standard. move mirrors an update by apple in September that allowed ads to be installed as extensions. in November, 18% of british adults online were using some form of a
the conference board's index of consumer attitudes fell by 8.3 points to 59.7 in march. the research group primarily blamed the fall on the US federal budget cuts. separate data on Tuesday showed a rise in durable goods sales.
brothers lured victims to ravine and carried out "sadistic" attack in 2009. they were sentenced to five years' detention in 2010 and granted anonymity until 18. High court has now given them lifelong anonymity on the grounds they would be "at serious risk of attack
the arrests were made between 30 may and 8 June by targeting known offenders. the force said the campaign was prompted by the "worryingly high volume of calls" it received during previous major football tournaments.
workers could make the saving if they switch from a car commute to cycling or walking. public health minister said it would not only save money but "improve people's health and wellbeing" sustrans, a walking and cycling charity, is calling on people to take part in the Cymr
more than 100 officers executed warrants at eight properties across the city. three men from Oxford, aged 36, 34 and 37, have been released on police bail. four of the five charged men are due to appear at court on Thursday.
Butterfield has a thigh injury and Olsson suffered a concussion in their pre-season win at Sheffield united. Pearson's Rams have six games in 20 days during august, but have few injury concerns. "it's a long season we've got
world number 67 Kyle Edmund is leading the british team in the Davis cup. the 21-year-old won his debut in last year's final against belgium. james ward and dusan lajovic take on tipsarevic and zimonjic
Tomkins moved to new zealand warriors for a world-record fee last year. the 25-year-old full-back helped Wigan to a league and challenge cup double. he said he could not picture himself playing for another Super League club should he return
five first-half Wigan scores lay the platform with tries from Sean O'Loughlin, Liam Farrell and Sam Powell. George Williams then converted his own try, and Frank Paul nuuausala and Liam Marshall put game beyond doubt.
Catherine seeley was co-opted as a Sinn féin councillor in Craigavon. she thanked pupils at the Boys' Model School for their "full support" she was speaking at Sinn Fein's annual conference in wexford.
study shows that areas squeezed by vertical stress are protected from erosion. natural slabs of sandstone erode over millions of years. key to the experiments was an unusual "locked rock" dug from a Czech quarry.
a yellow "be aware" warning has been issued for late Thursday into friday. the warning also applies to parts of moray and Aberdeenshire. storm abigail could bring gusts of 60 to 70mph.
more than 45,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer every year in the uk. in a third of cases, the cancer will spread to the brain. there was no improvement in the quality of life of patients after one week.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard was second in the premier league table. the 26-year-old was voted the pfa player of the year for 2016-17. he helped Leicester City win the title last season and is close to repeating it.
the Commonwealth super-lightweight champion defends his title against south africa's Warren Joubert. the 26-year-old plans to then have one more fight before meeting WBA champion burns. he remains unbeaten as a professional, having outclassed alfonso
the dons made an offer for the former saints forward, 24, in June. the deal was delayed after a managerial change at the championship club. may made his saints debut as a 16-year-old under new manager Derek McInnes.
at least seven people, including two police officers, have been killed in the clashes. activists accuse security forces of trying to force out residents. it is the latest intensification of sporadic unrest in the eastern province.
a suicide bombing in gaziantep killed 54 people on saturday. the attack may have been spurred by reports of the imminent Syrian rebel offensive. turkey is also wary of moves that might bolster Syrian Kurdish forces.
Ms dugdale said she had a mandate to change the party. she said she would be "delighted" to work with any of the leadership contenders. the lothians MSP comfortably saw off a challenge from fellow MSP Ken macintosh.
the objects were hidden by artist Luke Jerram for his installation treasure city. clues were placed in paintings at the 2021 arts centre in Scunthorpe. the objects are replicas of pieces at north Lincolnshire museum.
Pte Cheryl James, 18, was found with a bullet wound to her head in 1995. her parents say a dispute over the ballistics evidence could only be resolved if her body is exhumed. coroner Brian barker QC said exhumation was a
a group of about 400 people took part in the wear pink for Paige walk on Saturday. the walkers stopped at the spot in Clydebank where Paige's body was found. a single balloon was released and the teenager's name was read aloud.
the St Athan Search and Rescue Helicopter Service was officially launched on 4 October. it will conduct land and sea missions previously carried out by the RAF. the new base is one of 10 being set up around the UK by 2017.
sport has been beset by internal squabbles in recent years. latest row centres on selection for next month's european championships. two boxers selected by new high performance director Bernard Dunne were not rubberstamped.
"IS need to be eradicated. they can't continue this way," says daughter. mr haines was killed by IS while carrying out aid work with refugees in Syria. "he will be remembered for the truly amazing work he did and the bright character he was," she says
warwickshire posted a total of 283-7 in their first innings at Edgbaston. tom westley made 61 for Essex but they were all out for 213, leaving 7.5 overs unused. Laurie Evans provided late impetus with an unbeaten 70 off 53 balls
Mr Privert was appointed in February for a six-month term. he filled the vacancy left by former president Michel martelly, who stepped down. Haiti has been mired in political crisis since the disputed first round on 25 October.
the data recorder has been "retrieved in several pieces" by a specialist ship. the voice recorder had to be salvaged in stages because it was badly damaged. investigators have said it is too early to rule out any causes for the crash.
theresa may urges the UK's partners in the Five Eyes alliance to work together against terrorism. she called for better information-sharing and more thorough exchange of terrorist finance details. fears have previously been raised that militants from the so-called Islamic State group may be attempting to get
the government introduced fees in 2013 to reduce the number of malicious and weak cases. trade union Unison argued that the fees prevented workers getting access to justice. the Supreme court also found fees were indirectly discriminatory to women.
a committee in charge of policing the morality of Iran's football federation said sosha makani's outfit was deemed inappropriate and against Islamic values. committee chief Mahboub afrasiabi said it was only rumours that Makani was suspended
Vonn finishes 0.70 seconds clear of Switzerland's Lara gut. american also wins downhill event in altenmarkt zauchensee. vonn equals Annemarie Moser-Proll's record tally of 36 downhill wins. the 31-year-old
a rideable on charge in a bedroom in southwark caught fire on 11 October. earlier in the month, a device exploded in morden. the cause of both fires is still under investigation.
58 matches will be played across eight venues over four weeks, in the sixth edition of the tournament since its inception nine years ago. the winners of each of the two groups will book a place in the Super 10 phase, beginning on 15 march. england play Sri Lanka in Mumbai in
the London derby will kick off at 17:15 BST on Saturday, 22 April. Tottenham are one of only four clubs to beat leaders Chelsea this season. the second semi-final between arsenal and manchester city will be shown on BT sport.
hotel's owners admitted failing to properly maintain the balcony. Matt Bullivant, 36, fell 4.5m (15ft) through the balustrade just 20 minutes after arriving. he was hospitalised with a laceration to his head and shattered right hand. the
sir Vince is leading an online course on economics and politics, with the university of Nottingham. the course will be available free on the Futurelearn online university network set up by the open university. he says that all politicians can be guilty of looking for economic theories that confirm their political inclin
council wants to shut moorways pool in a bid to save about £350,000 a year. it said it had found the savings by making cuts in other areas. campaigners who gathered more than 4,000 signatures said they were delighted.
Stephen McKee, now 25, was jailed for murdering west Belfast greengrocer Harry Holland. the 65-year-old was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver near his home in 2007. he was told he would serve at least 12 years of a life
single malts from Scotland continued their rise, led by the Singleton in the US and Taiwan. despite flat comparable sales, diageo posted a rise in pre-tax profits - from £2.7bn to £2.9bn. currency movements cut £370m from sales and
petition demands the islanders' right to return home is respected. the petition has been signed by more than 2,500 people. many residents eventually resettled in Crawley, west Sussex.
"there aren't many parts like this," says actor ben affleck. he says he was "aware of the project for some time" and knew Damon was working on it. the film is nominated for five golden globe awards.
pirates and naval forces exchanged gunfire over a boat believed to be carrying supplies. the boat was en route from Djibouti to the Somali capital, Mogadishu. it is the first hijack off Somalia's coast since 2012.
Muslim families do occasionally foster non-Muslim children, according to fostering agency. in 2015-16, 84% of long-term foster carers were white compared with about 77% of fostered children. there are very few hard and fast rules dictating who can become a foster care
the museum is located in the Bogside, close to where some of the 14 victims of Bloody Sunday were killed in 1972. a £2.4m reconstruction of the museum began in 2015 and is now close to completion. "it shows total disrespect for my brother and all those who died during Blood
coppergate in york can only be used by buses, taxis and permit holders. drivers breaking the rules will receive a penalty notice of up to £60. in 2015, a tribunal ruled errors in the signs on coppergate meant the restrictions were not enforceable.
BMW reported pre-tax profits of 3bn euros (£2.5bn), a 27% jump from 2016. the value of the stake in here had risen by 183m euros.
optimists less likely to get fatal cancer, heart disease, lung conditions and stroke. researchers looked at data collected from a large us study of working and retired nurses. higher optimism was linked with lower death risk even after controlling for other factors.
the routes will be operated by 33-seat Saab 340 aircraft. chief executive says it is a "real shot in the arm for the airport"
Esteban Santiago, 26, is accused of killing five people and injuring six others. he is charged with carrying out an act of violence at an international airport resulting in death. authorities said they did not know why he chose this target.
the US posted annualised growth of 2.6% for the fourth quarter - lower than the 3% projected by economists. however, the dramatic slide in fuel prices in recent months has put more money in consumers' pockets and allowed them to spend more. for 2014 as a whole, the economy expanded by
researchers have produced the most detailed map yet of the scale and potential of this hidden resource. they argue that large scale drilling might not be the best way of increasing water supplies. Across africa more than 300 million people are said not to have access to safe drinking water.
Bolton were a man short from the 12th minute onwards following Lewis page's red card. Zach Clough then made the punishment count double with a brilliant free-kick. Charlton then took the lead in stoppage time when Nathan Byrne slotted home.
Rae, 22, has committed himself to the Warriors until may 2019, having joined in 2013. fellow Scot Bhatti, 23, has agreed professional terms with Glasgow for next season. the loose-head has spent most of this season playing for premiership side Melrose.
Leinster fly-half sexton ruled out for three months with hamstring injury. full-backs Rob Kearney, Craig Gilroy and Tiernan o'halloran also called up. Ulster's Jared Payne could be switched from centre to full
latest band of heavy rain expected to last until tuesday. greater risk of localised flooding than normal given saturated ground.
Wimbledon takes place over two weeks and is the only major championship still played on grass. there are 128 places available in the draw for both men and women. to win a set you have to win six games, but you also have to get two more games than your opponent.
emergency services attended but the driver and passengers were uninjured. a woman whose partially-sighted mother was on board later thanked the driver. police said the road was closed for a time but later re-opened.
report says all cities would see a fall in output due to increasing trade costs. Aberdeen and Edinburgh were both ranked among the ten most affected cities. but the study said both cities are also among the best-placed to respond.
fishermen and boat-owners drafted in to aid evacuation of seaside resort of Calampiso. mayor of nearby town of San Vito Lo Capo appeals for help from "anyone with safe and reliable boats" no reports of injuries caused by fire, but witnesses describe running to beach as accommodation
the right reverend Rachel Treweek, 53, has taken over from michael perham. she is the first woman bishop to run a diocese.
Alassane Ouattara has been in power since his predecessor, Laurent Gbagbo, was forcibly removed from after refusing to recognise his internationally recognised victory. the poll was meant to draw a line under a 2002-03 civil war which left the country split in two
we spend about £375bn a year on events worldwide - £40bn of that in the uk. going digital has enabled organisers to send out invitations via social media, email and mobile. eventbrite has grown fast, processing about $3bn (£2b
the mud-caked conditions hindered both sides but it was the visitors who adapted best and made fewest mistakes. Dan Biggar's late penalty sealed the victory for the visitors. the Ospreys have now won 28 of the 30 Welsh derbies they have participated in
india is no stranger to comical brand names, says sanjay gupta. every nation is home to some unfortunately named products, he says. but this is a good opportunity to review the history of brand names in india.
GM says it will stop selling cars in south africa and sell its manufacturing business. the firm has also announced similar plans for south and east africa markets. GM had planned to invest $1bn in india to boost its domestic presence.
the 29-year-old has signed a two-year contract with the ibrox side. he had spells at six other Scottish sides before joining hibs in 2016.
Zohore scored twice as Cardiff beat ipswich 3-1 on saturday. the striker has now scored nine goals in his last 10 league games. warnock believes his management has been key in getting the best out of him.
Pte Matthew boyd, 20, was punched and beaten by Jake Vallely on a night out in Brecon. he was found unconscious by police in the early hours of 8 may. his friend, aaeron evans, was cleared of mansl
Camilla bought a box of mangoes with a Brixton £10 note. it was Charles' first visit to the area since 1996, when he was accompanied by the former south african president Nelson Mandela.
about 300 whales have beached themselves at farewell spit, on the south island. scientists do not know what causes whales to beach themselves. it sometimes happens because the whales are old and sick, injured, or make navigational errors. the conservation department launched a rescue
McGhee says no-one should read too much into a 1-1 friendly draw with canada. "last night didn't really bear a lot of relation to Sunday," says former motherwell boss. manager Gordon Strachan says three points are a must at home to unbeaten Slovenia.
mark footitt takes eight wickets as warwickshire are bowled out for 362. Jonathan trott scores 41st century of his first-class career. warrickshire all out for 362 in second innings. england's stuart meaker and
two males aged 17 and one 19, from north-west london, were reported missing in march amid fears they were planning to travel to Syria. they were stopped by Turkish officials and arrested on their return to the uk. the teenagers, who have not been named, were released without charge
her Majesty's inspectorate of constabulary (hmic) said the Dyfed-Powys and north Wales forces "required improvement" south Wales and gwent police forces were ranked "good" the reviews are part of HMIC's annual inspection of english and
four investigations examining "trojan horse" claims that groups of hardline Muslims have been trying to take over schools in the city. government source says that no options have been ruled in or out. education watchdog and department for education expected to deliver reports in June.
the 27-year-old joins Galatasaray from french club Montpellier. he spent last season on loan at Ligue 1 side Nice. belhanda is a 2012 BBC African Footballer of the year nominee.
Paul chambers, 27, from doncaster, was convicted of sending a "menacing electronic communication" he sent the tweet, which contained swear words, to his 600 followers in a moment of frustration. he said he had never thought anyone would take his "silly joke
Swedish software firm Crisp decided that no boss was needed three years ago. staff decided that many of the chief executive's responsibilities overlapped with those of the board. firm holds four-day meetings for all staff two to three times a year.
evacuation of jet2 plane hampered when one of the escape chutes did not work. came after the pilot was unable to check whether landing gear had deployed. pilot had to fly over the airport at 1,000 ft (300m) so ground crew could check if it had come down
livingstone is one of five uncapped players named in the england squad. the batsman scored 129 from 83 balls for the lions against south africa last week. Mason Crane, dawid malan, tom curran and Craig overton are the other four
surgery was carried out on 62 patients with just under half reporting complications. some 15 people had "more significant" corneal issues. vanguard healthcare had been hired to provide the theatre.
the "Freital Group" is named after the suspects' hometown near Dresden. they are accused of targeting refugees and left-wing groups in 2015. the alleged members face life imprisonment if found guilty of attempted murder.
alun Cairns said it was "strange" that places in the valleys registered the strongest Leave vote. he said that european policies did not have a "connection" with the public. most of the cash is spent in north Wales, west Wales and the south Wales valleys
abdelbaset al-mohmed al-megrahi was born in the Libyan capital, tripoli, in 1952. he studied in the us and also visited Britain "four or five times" during the 1970s. his role as chief of security for Libyan Arab
video shows men smashing statues with sledgehammers and using drills to destroy rubble. IS have controlled Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, since June 2014. US military have said that an assault on the city by the Iraqi army could happen within months.
water sports fans found that it was even deep enough to jet-ski and canoe close to a bus stop. the video has gone viral, with more than 1,300 shares and 114,000 views. remember floods are dangerous, and you should never go into flood water.
profits fall to £14m compared with £32m a year earlier. fall partly due to costs of last year's serious cyber attack, which cost £42m. talktalk lost 101,000 subscribers in its third quarter after the attack.
33 areas where pubs would not face sufficient competition after the deal. preliminary investigation concluded that the deal would not damage the chances of competitors selling their own products. brewer must submit plans to the CMA by 20 June or face an in-depth inquiry.
oil and gas technology centre will partly fund the work while also acting as a bridge between small tech firms and the big oil producers. oil supply company mistras has been developing technology more commonly used to enable expectant mothers to see their babies. the new centre will build on the existing work being carried out
the 21-year-old picked up the injury during sunderland's 3-2 defeat by crystal palace. a scan on Tuesday confirmed the belgian has suffered ankle ligament damage.
Ryan Thomas McManus, 31, and Ryan milligan, 29, given seven-year terms. they will serve half their terms in prison and half on licence. a third man on charges died on Tuesday night. judge said the pair were involved in a "widespread supply of illicit drugs
schools are asked to create a dedicated page on their school website. send the web address (or URL) to schoolreport@bbc.co.uk. on 16 march 2017, schools can upload their reports to their websites.
a team from Cardiff university has spent the last month excavating caerau hill fort. the fort is smaller than its contemporaries at pentyrch and pontprennau. but structures and artefacts so far unearthed suggest it remained important
up to eight shots struck the passenger side of the car parked at Rossnareen avenue. two male officers who were in the car were not injured but were said to have been badly shaken. police described it as a "mindless, reckless attempt to kill officers"
kids company closed its doors on Wednesday following a row over funding. the charity has denied allegations of financial mismanagement. prime minister says government was right to give the charity one last chance. some 150 people gathered outside the charity's former centre in south London.
former defence minister Filipe Nyusi won the presidential election in October 2014. he is the candidate of the ruling mozambican liberation front's (Frelimo) he took 57% of the vote, well ahead of his nearest rival Afonso Dhlaka
council subsidised park-and-ride site for first six years. service was not profitable and council ended up running the buses. council revealed it had been paying the subsidy for 14 years beyond its contractual obligation.
some families will be almost £3,000 a year worse off under the new rules. the changes affect families who claim tax credits and Universal Credit. ministers say they are determined to tackle the root causes of disadvantage.
IPPR Scotland report says colleges, apprenticeships and work-based training have to focus on tackling issues around pay, progression and productivity. ministers say they are working to ensure a skills system where businesses, academics and civic partners work together. report says Scotland's pay rate had fallen behind the
judge rejects Ghailani's request for leniency. "this crime was so horrible," judge says. congress barred president Obama from moving prisoners to the u.s.
the 18-year-old has signed a three-and-a-half year contract with the club. Wycombe have made 17 appearances in league one this season. winger won league two's apprentice of the year award for 2010-11.
the project was seen as a risk sharing mechanism for the french and a prestige project for china. without china's involvement, this project would not have received board approval. a decision to back out will take the shine off the "golden era" of collaboration between the two countries.
left-handed batsman represented Wales at minor county level. south Wales police is not treating the death as suspicious. tributes paid on social media from sporting figures.
killing jihadist leaders is an established policy, but its efficacy as a strategy is not always clear. killing terrorist leaders might be enough to force the global jihad movement into terminal decline. u.s. has pursued aggressive drone strategy aimed at decimating much of al-
the 30-year-old joins on a free transfer from his former club, Cardiff city. he helped the club to promotion from league one with a second loan spell in January.
Rovers went two clear with 20 minutes remaining when Williams netted from close range after a defensive error from a corner by Oliver Crowley. bohan Dixon was unlucky to see his 20-yard free-kick tipped round the post by doncaster keeper Thorsten st
collymore has withdrawn his interest in taking over as manager of forest. the 46-year-old expressed his interest at a meeting with owner al hasawi on tuesday. he said he was not convinced change would happen quickly or thoroughly enough.
former warrington full-back richie mathers criticises "iPitch" at Stobart stadium. mathers posts images of grazes to his body on twitter. Widnes claim injuries are more likely the result of the icy conditions.
council recently agreed it had to save £2.6m from its £351m budget in 2010-11. it also approved plans to spend £200m over five years in projects. presentation is being held on 22 February at the key centre in keynsham.
the 22-year-old has played for the Auckland blues development side as well as northland in the ITM cup. "i believe he has huge potential," said connacht coach pat Lam.
Angus Carpenter, 62, played with a banner draped on his bagpipes in 2015. he was found guilty of one count and cleared of the two other counts. in his defence, he said he had piped for the charity in the past. chairman of the
70,000 offenders were ordered to do unpaid work such as garden maintenance, decorating or litter-picking in 2014. HM inspectorate of probation found delays in getting offenders to start their work. inspectors did praise instances of high-quality work, and cases where offenders believed they had gained
hooker has skippered the british and Irish lions twice during the tour. the hooker led them to a win over the chiefs in the opening Test against new zealand. coach Warren gatland made the decision after the Lions lost 30-15.
occ figures show the single has been downloaded 156,000 times. the video for the song has been watched more than 70 million times on YouTube. hello is the lead single from Adele's third album, 25, due out on 20 November.
Shaun Ritchie, 20, was last seen with friends at a remote woodland area near Strichen. there was no evidence, said the police, that he had been the victim of a crime. items of Shaun's clothing were recovered as part of the early stages of the enquiry
council proposals for new contracts for more than 2,000 staff that would result in wage cuts of up to 23%. authority fears it could face equal pay claims from other employees if it does not make the cuts. new contracts were originally proposed for January but after industrial action the plan was suspended.
"progressive" parties like hers are offering a "collaborative" alternative to "combative" politics. she blamed the conservatives in particular for claiming the SNP posed a threat. "this election presents an opportunity for harmonious co-existence," she said.
last month, the annual thaw of the region's floating ice reached the lowest level since satellite monitoring began, more than 30 years ago. the Norwegian Polar Institute is at the forefront of Arctic research and its international director, Kim Holmen, told the BBC that the speed of the melting was faster
Jahed Choudhury, 24, married Sean Rogan at Walsall register office. he said he had received death threats online and abuse on the streets. the couple said they had also received messages of support.
Cornwall ran into a 20-5 lead after 30 minutes thanks to two tries from Billy Searle either side of a Neilson webber score. the reigning county champions will face cheshire in the final after they beat Lancashire 27-11 in their decisive clash at Fyl
developers claim it is the first time in the uk that "augmented reality" has been used in this way. they hope it will bring tourists to the town where the inspiration for Alice went on holiday. next year marks 150 years since Alice in Wonderland was first published.
first great western rail replacement service from Oxford to didcot hit at 00:30 GMT. one of the three people taken to hospital sustained serious but non life-threatening injuries. southbound carriageway has been reopened but investigations are continuing.
highways england wants to "increase capacity and reduce congestion" between worthing and lancing. but councils say the £69m proposal is not fit for purpose and should be updated. consultation into the proposal ends on 12 september.
"i will fight for me and for Fifa," says 79-year-old former fa boss sepp blatter. frenchman paul pogba says he will appeal to court of arbitration for sport. fifa ethics committee finds pair guilty of breaches surrounding
archaeologists have hailed the discovery in Avebury as "unheard of" the square of megaliths appears to have been erected around the remains of a Neolithic house. the stone square might commemorate and monumentalise the "ancestral house of the first
police say the animal's owner has been arrested and the dog is now in kennels. the victim, 22, suffered "life-changing" injuries, police say. in the uk it is illegal to own certain types of dog.
the Welsh side lost their challenge cup crown after a 1-0 overtime loss to Nottingham Panthers. the Devils have also been leapfrogged by Sheffield steelers at the top of the elite league. bowns is confident his side can still win three trophies this season.
Josh had narcolepsy after receiving the pandemrix vaccine six years ago. he also suffers from cataplexy, which affects muscle control. his mother Caroline said winning was a "huge relief"
RNLI lifeguards will "reassure the public and advise on safety" at camber. it follows the deaths on Wednesday of the five men in their teens and 20s from south-east london. relatives have criticised the lack of a lifeguard service at the beach.
fad sees people dress up in order to frighten passers-by. reports of clowns "peering through windows" received by police. police say people could be arrested for causing harassment, alarm or distress.
the PSNI and public prosecution service have issued an international letter of request. it sets out the alleged offences being investigated including a bomb explosion. senior judges at Belfast's high court ruled they were not yet satisfied information had been "scrupulously" examined.
Ecuele manga, 27, last featured for Cardiff in their 2-1 defeat at Fulham. manager Russell Slade said it might be the case that he has malaria. manga will be commencing training later this week.
Wolverhampton Wanderers beat Cambridge united 2-0 at the britannia stadium. helder Costa opened the scoring before jed Wallace doubled the lead. medy elito replied for league two's bottom side.
in each of the assembly's five regions, UKIP's candidates will be ranked in a ballot of party members. some were worried about candidates imposed on them from outside Wales. despite being an MEP, he doesn't see himself as part of a political party
Frank macdonald, 44, from the Brechin area, was between the B976 south deeside road at Strachan when the crash happened. the unclassified road was closed for more than eight hours following the crash. police have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
this year saw the wettest April-June quarter on record and further heavy rain in July. buglife conservation charity says damp conditions have reduced insect numbers. chief executive Matt Shardlow says some rare species could be driven closer to extinction.
the prospect of extending bombing strikes into Syria from Iraq has taken on a reluctant inevitability. for the prime minister, with this, his third big foreign intervention - Libya, Iraq, now Syria - pulling together a wider plan to achieve real peace is a far more complex task
security camera footage shows the gunman taking a weapon out of his backpack and shooting. the incident took place in a busy part of the city centre filled with bars and cafes. it was not immediately clear what motivated the shooting, which follows a wave of Palestinian attacks.
the prs-t3 was the last version made and will exist as long as supplies remain in Europe. earlier this year, Sony pulled out of selling e-books and directed its users in the us and europe to the e bookstore of rival Kobo. users in Japan, Sony
metal detectors were set up at the site of the holy compound in occupied east Jerusalem. deadly clashes followed the killing of two Israeli policemen by Israeli-arab gunmen. Israel said they were necessary to prevent weapons being smuggled in. but Muslim leaders have called on
the Welsh government plans to spend £47m in 2013/14 on schemes to protect 1,000 homes. that is likely to be less than the amount spent on flood defences and coastal erosion in the previous two years. last year serious floods hit north and mid Wales, and one woman died.
Chelsea lead the premier league with 59 points with 14 games remaining. second-placed spurs lead the chasing pack with 50 points with five points separating them. the blues face a trip to burnley on sunday for a 13:30 GMT kick-off.
the german shepherd bit a 28-year-old man near to ormseby stables in eston. the man suffered puncture wounds on his arm and upper body. Cleveland police has apologised and referred itself to the ipcc.
test investigates whether people can detect if they are talking to machines or humans. no computer has passed the test before under these conditions, it is reported. the 65-year-old Turing Test is successfully passed if a computer is mistaken for a human more than 30% of the time
Scottish swimmers make up 31% of the Team GB swim team for rio. a wildcard pick in murdoch's 100m breaststroke after failing to qualify. the 27-year-old had moved back to Edinburgh in a bid to make the team.
"that is what the Olympics is not about," says judo commentator mark doran. el shehaby was booed by the crowd for his failure to bow to his opponent. the international olympic committee says it is looking into the incident.
Greg Tansey scored twice as inverness beat Accies 2-1 on saturday. Ali Crawford missed a second-half penalty for a challenge on keeper Ryan Esson. the gap between motherwell and caley thistle is now four points.
up until 1994 it was ruled by a white minority which enforced a separation of races. apartheid government eventually negotiated itself out of power after decades of international isolation, armed opposition and mass protests. leader of the ruling African National Congress party, Jacob Zuma, was chosen
technology can identify inside a living brain clumps of a protein called tau. tau is closely linked to Alzheimer's disease. the brain starts to die years before any symptoms are detected.
no british woman has won the singles title since Virginia Wade in 1977. sixth seed Johanna konta is leading the odds with some bookmakers. the 26-year-old won 6-4 6-1 against greece's maria Sakkari.
government confirms communications infrastructure linking smart meters to energy suppliers will now not be ready until autumn. government wants every home and business to be offered a smart meter by the end of 2020. 53 million meters to be fitted in over 30 million premises over the next four years.
the assembly rejected a plan to introduce free parking for the first 30 minutes. the changes were proposed by four DUP MLAs. infrastructure minister Chris hazzard said the motion was based on "seriously misguided logic" however, the assembly did pass a Sinn Fé
two activists say 2010 dossier named volunteer organiser at the heart of the bullying scandal. mark Clarke has been accused of bullying, sexually harassing and planning to blackmail other activists. Lord Feldman insists he was not aware of any complaints before august 2015.
the 56ft (17.1m) converted trawler was 6 miles (10 km) west of south Stack when the crew radioed coastguards at 07:00 BST. a pump on board the boat was unable to cope with the water coming in. the RNLI
the county down school led 0-9 to 0-4 at half-time and extended their lead to six points by the conclusion. Rian O'Neill top-scored for the winners with 0-7, while Cian McConville contributed 0-2.
the cameras will be operated by the Canadian company, which intends to stream high-resolution video of the planet to web users. the cameras were made for Urthecast by the Rutherford appleton laboratory in Oxfordshire, UK. one of the customer sectors for the hi-res video is
Sarvesh verma, 15, scored 96.83% in his secondary school exams. his parents are illiterate and he had to study under the light of a solar lantern. he wants to join the civil service and fight corruption when he grows up.
the lifejackets the men were wearing did not function as they should have. the body of skipper Paul alliston, 42, from Lewis, was lost during a lifeboat crew's attempts to recover him. only lachlann Armstrong, 27, from Stornoway
more than 1,000 tombs and 3,000 ancient settlements were also revealed by looking at infra-red images. the work has been pioneered at the university of Alabama at Birmingham by us Egyptologist Dr Sarah Parcak. initial excavations have already confirmed some of the findings, including two suspected
body believed to be that of Victoria Cherry, 44, of Fulwood, Lancashire. discovered following the earlier arrest of a 43-year-old man on suspicion of murder.
the new year's day episode of the third series had 7.3m viewers overnight. the first part of the finale, shown on christmas day, had 6.7m viewers. it follows the trials and tribulations of a shop owner prone to social faux pas.
Apple unveiled its new watch at a press event on monday. it's expected to cost between $10,000 and $17,000. there were mixed reactions on social media.
the £180,000 deal is the Lewis-based company's first with a major supermarket. Managing director Natalie Crayton said she hoped the deal would allow the business to grow and increase production.
"what time does your website close?" in poole and "can I exercise my kestrel on your tip?" in Nottingham are among the top ten bizarre calls of the last year. three of ten were made in Somerset, including: "what are the rules and regulations for hosting a mouse
the painting, depicting the 1654 ceremony, had hung in Rokeby park, barnard castle, since 1880. its owner, sir Andrew morritt, is trying to find out how it ended up in Durham. experts have studied it, but do not know who painted it.
planning inspector said there was little evidence the "proposal would result in any significant increase in obesity" campaign group said it was taken "with scant regard to the wishes and concerns of local residents" a McDonald's spokesperson said: "we are pleased that our application has been allowed"
Devon and Cornwall police have announced a 73% drop in mental health patients detained in cells since January 2015. chief constable shun sawyer wrote in confidence to NHS bosses and told them police would take mentally ill people to hospital and other places of safety, rather than keep them in custody
former world number one hopes to play competitively again in 2016. he had back surgery for the second time in 18 months in September. the 40-year-old has not won a tournament since the bridgestone invitational in 2013. woods has been named as an assistant captain for next year
real madrid's gareth bale will play in his home city of Cardiff in the european cup final. the match will be staged at the st james' park in the city's Grangetown area. Welshman Terry Yorath was the first player to play
the basketball e-league - known as the NBA 2K ELeague - will start playing in 2018. the teams will be made up of five players and play a five-month season. in the UK, premier league clubs Manchester city and westham have signed up e
unarmed missile veered off course during a test in June last year. weeks before the Commons voted to spend £40bn renewing Trident. pm refused to say four times if she had known about the test ahead of the vote.
only 26 men have held that solitary ranking since the calculations went computerised 43 years ago. it is not a gimmick, or a marketing exercise, or even a reward in itself. the only certain thing about being world number one is that the day will come when you
former swansea player sinclair has been on loan at villa park since January. the 26-year-old scored three goals in 11 appearances for the finalists. he joined manchester city in 2012 for £8m, but was sent out on loan to west brom
fellow Briton Stephen Cummings won the final stage from le-pont-de-claix to superdevoluy. fellow briton Chris Froome held out to win by 12 seconds from frenchman Romain bardet. the 31-year-old added to his 2013
Esposito was one of two best men at the star's wedding to Priscilla in 1967. he was a pallbearer at his funeral in 1977. the pair met while serving in the army in 1959.
Ocado shares close down 1.7% despite the online retailer securing its first overseas deal to set up an online grocery service for a european retailer. mining stocks were among the top losers with Antofagasta down 3.6%. the pound was up 0.25% against the dollar
a Canadian Lancaster performed an engine shutdown during a flight in county Durham. the aircraft landed safely at Durham Tees Valley airport following the "precautionary" shutdown. it had been due to fly to Bournemouth to take part in weekend displays.
Imran Khan, 33, is accused of taking the girl from Nairne street, burnley. he has also been charged with breaching a sexual offences prevention order.
59,090 households accepted as homeless by councils in england between April 2016 and march 2017. this is 17% higher than the number made homeless in the year 2011-12. the department for communities and local government says it is investing £550m to 2020 to tackle the issue
chelsea manager giorgio chiellini has criticized the club's lack of summer signings. he said: "if [spurs] don't win the title, it's not a tragedy. if they go out in the first round of
songkick is a concert notification website and app for your mobile phone and tablet. fans who wish to bring a band to their hometown or city can start a petition or "pledge" if a sufficiently large number of people also pledge, then Songkick informs the band in question
Halo: the master chief collection will also include a new visually-upgraded version of Halo 2. purchasers of the November release are also being promised "beta" access to the multiplayer version of the forthcoming Halo 5. new live-action series, produced by Ridley
friends, collaborators and fans have been paying tribute on social media.
pamela geller and Robert Spencer are due to join an EDL march in woolwich. the pair are prominent "anti-islamisation" campaigners in the u.s. home affairs committee chairman Keith vaz claims their presence will fuel hatred. he is calling for their visa
"do I have concerns? Absolutely," says president-elect. but he calls on fellow democrats to accept the result. he declines to comment on the appointment of conservative figure Steve Bannon.
the cause of the crash is not yet clear. rescuers worked into the night to find survivors. the train had been travelling to the Hindu holy city of haridwar from puri.
all home T20 matches will be played in Cardiff with six out of seven games played under floodlights. the new schedule marks the first time that T20 games will not be interspersed with other formats.
former strictly contestant, 41, arrested in Eton, Berkshire, on saturday. she has been bailed to appear at Slough magistrates' court on 4 September.
police officer tells inquest he was dragged under a crowd of people. "i've never seen anything like it in my life; it was absolute carnage," he says. inquest has already heard that people got trapped in cloakroom area.
the woman and her child were abducted by two men in redcar, Teesside. they were taken to longbeck lane, near yearby, where the woman was raped. police are investigating whether the attackers knew the victim.
Carter has suffered with Crohn's disease for years and struggled throughout the defeat. the 36-year-old has recovered from a life-threatening cancerous tumour on his lung. higgins scored five frames in succession to close out victory at york barbican.
Anna Swabey, 25, from county Durham, was initially given three months to live in 2015. she met Andy Bell, 26, on a dating app and the pair were due to marry on saturday. months after her diagnosis she started a blog in which she chronicled her treatment.
the Dow Jones industrial average slipped 5.23 points to 16,995.13. the s&p 500 gained 0.31 points to 1,989.57. shares in mobile payment company square fell 6.1%.
the massive crater is filled with debris, household items and vehicles. it opened up earlier this week after a record amount of rainfall fell. the hole is just four miles from the arena das Dunas stadium.
Sullay Kaikai's late strike earns Brentford a point at st. mary's. visitors took the lead through a penalty in the 24th minute. a late goal from Kenneth Zohore gave the visitors the lead.
ski official makes Holocaust comparison during IOC board meeting in Pyeongchang. he was discussing a blanket ban on Russian athletes when he made the comment. the board is debating whether to suspend the entire Russian team from the Games.
Adam Burton, 23, and a french tourist were caught posing naked on Wednesday. the pair were questioned over minor offences "against morality" the foreign office said it was in contact with the Peruvian authorities.
explosions took place at a warehouse owned by Ruihai international logistics in tianjin's port area. warehouse contained 700 tonnes of sodium cyanide, stored in wooden boxes or iron barrels. china is the world's largest consumer of hazardous chemicals, says industry analyst
the NASUWT teachers' union will hear claims that more teachers without qualified teacher status are being used in schools. 61% of members of the union said they were "working alongside unqualified staff" the conservatives say there are fewer teachers in school without qualified status than in 2010.
woman attacked near Jawbone walk on saturday morning. she had been out with friends in the Cowgate and Niddry street area. police appeal for anyone with information to come forward.
labour will announce whether mr corbyn or Owen Smith have won the leadership contest on 24 September. ex-leader Neil Kinnock said labour appeared unelectable under Mr Corbyn and faced its "greatest crisis"
DNA from ancient remains in the caucasus has revealed a fourth population that fed into the mix. europeans are a mixture of three major ancestral populations - indigenous hunter-gatherers, middle eastern farmers and a population that arrived from the east in the Bronze age.
Jill Campbell has run the Isis boutique in malvern, Worcestershire, for seven years. she said people have been linking the store to Islamic state, which has killed hostages. some "very unpleasant" posts have also been made on social media about the shop.
former pupil claims she was raped by a teacher in 1990 while at Gordonstoun's prep school. Kate, who we are not identifying, told her story to the police two years ago but the case collapsed. she has now joined a group of former pupils who are
labour to set up a task force to consider how to implement rail renationalisation plans. the plans are expected to be outlined at the party conference next week. tories dismiss the plan as an "ideological joyride"
Jeremy forrest, from petts wood, was jailed for five-and-a-half years in 2013. he abducted and had sex with a girl when she was 15. the pair spent seven days in france before they were spotted in Bordeaux.
the 18-year-old is the third-youngest player at euro 2016. he signs a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee. on monday, borussia dortmund signed midfielder Sebastian rode, 25.
food price inflation was 4.9% in June, compared with 3.2% in may. rising pork prices partly to blame. latest figure reduces prospect of interest rate cuts in 2013.
former super eagles coach Oliseh says his biggest challenge has been psychological. the 42-year-old says he had to start from zero at fortuna sittard. he says it was a big risk but he felt he could bring results
a selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 3 January and 10 February. send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk.
the 93ft (28m) long VC10 fuselage left Bruntingthorpe in Leicestershire for RAF Museum cosford, shropshire. a lorry took the fuselage on the M69, M6 and the M54 and through Shifnal in
Roger and mathilde lamb from pensham, near pershore, died in separate falls. the couple, who have four sons, were staying in the resort of Essaouira. their families said they were "deeply shocked and saddened by their tragic deaths"
the balls are formed naturally when pieces of ice get rolled by wind and water. they stretch on the siberian coast for 11 miles, near to the Arctic circle.
Guernsey are one of a few from outside the english mainland to enter the competition. the club must play any replays in England even if they are the home side. they would also have to pay the travel expenses of visiting sides.
the film will not be a biopic but an action adventure set in the 1970s. it will be produced by the brains behind the twilight and maze runner series. born Stanley Lieber in 1922, Lee teamed with artist Jack Kirby to create iconic comic-
Glyndwr university is hosting the first meeting of the north Wales cyber security cluster. the aim is to meet monthly to share good practice.
a 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of arson and an investigation into the cause of the fire continues. a JustGiving page raised £500,000 in under 17 hours to help rescue 150 dogs. people posted "dog selfies" to help raise funds and left messages of
the true prevalence of doping remains unknown," researchers say. just 0.5% of all doping tests at the 2011 worlds in south Korea were positive. in the 2011 pan-arab games, the figure rose to 3.6%.
Vince has played three T20 matches so far for England, scoring 125 runs, with a strike-rate of 119.04. the 24-year-old missed the IPL auction last month in order to concentrate on his international future. county team-mates Liam Dawson and Reece top
great great grandfather ambrose salvona was buried somewhere in inverness. he was thought to have arrived from italy in the company of a dancing bear. his research of his family tree influenced the writing of his song Into the sea.
the Flying Scotsman has had its British rail number, 60103, repainted on its cab. it has been restored for york's national railway museum at a cost of £4.2m. the locomotive is due to make its first run between London and york on 25 febru
the 21-year-old has made 35 appearances for the north London club since making his senior debut in 2012. Tompkins was part of the english Saxons squad which secured a series win in south africa earlier this summer.
Marvel villain Ultron is a rebellious artificial intelligence which creates an android that attacks the Avengers. the name was revealed after footage of the latest Thor film was shown. actor Tom hiddleston - who played villain Loki in the first Avengers film - stayed in character.
home to 400 macushi people - one of Guyana's nine amerindian tribes. home to 81 pupils in a tiny school of 81 in remote village of moco-moco. Amerindians make up nearly a 10th of the six-race
the snake was found on a ship that had docked in Aberdeen from west africa last month. attempts to rehome it with specialist reptile keepers failed. police Scotland said a complaint was under consideration.
Paul Charles Wilkins, 70, travelled to the u.s. to have sex with boys aged 10 and 12. he initially denied four charges but later admitted transporting the images. under a plea agreement he is expected to be sentenced to 13 years in January.
WWE is making its video streaming service available in the mainland. service will be available through its Chinese partner PPTV. industry-watchers say finding local stars will be key to its success.
a ninth person dies at a local hospital, an immigration and customs spokesman says. thirty others were inside the trailer without air conditioning or water. police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling.
sgt mark Wright was injured while restraining a "dangerously out of control" man. he was stabbed in the head and suffered puncture wounds to his face and forehead. his attacker was arrested and sentenced to seven years in prison.
Lanarkshire-based AG Barr reported pre-tax profits up 4% to £43m in the year to 31 January. the firm said it had shed 100 staff in a cost-cutting drive, with a one-off cost of £3m. sales of Irn Bru were
the wounded man's name and age have not been released by police. four officers have been placed on administrative leave. the shooting of 18-year-old michael brown in Ferguson sparked protests across the u.s.
images of famous civil rights campaigners have appeared on madonna's page. it's causing controversy with some people claiming she's exploiting their images. the star later posted another picture of princess Diana saying "yes princess Diana was. #rebelheart"
Yanic wildschut put the latics in front but the U's levelled shortly after. wigan restored their lead with Ryan colclough's calm finish. George moncur converted a penalty after he was fouled.
Charli thomas has told newsbeat that she's written a couple of songs for gwen stefani's new album. online reports suggest that one of the tracks that she has written is called Start a War. there are rumours that she
facebook has been offering egg freezing for its employees in the us since the start of this year. apple will follow suit from January 2015. both companies are offering up to $20,000 (£12,500) for us employees.
Shavers, 66, first befriended Ali in 1973, when 'The Greatest' invited him to his camp in Pennsylvania. when Shavers fought Ali four years later, he rocked 'the greatest' with a huge right hand in the second round.
eight of the nine rate-setters on the Monetary Policy Committee voted for no change. the Bank rate has been at the record low of 0.5% since march 2009. a number of economists have been pushing their expectations of the first rate rise into the start of 2017.
this year's world series finale features the two franchises who have waited longer than any other to win a championship. the cubs have not won a world series title since 1908; they have not even played in the fall classic since 1945. despite being one of the most popular
19 of the 24 bills outlined in the speech will apply in whole or in part to Scotland. the Scottish secretary says there will "undoubtedly" be more powers devolved to Holyrood. opposition parties say the general election result means the conservatives have no mandate to govern.
charity has been criticised for prosecuting members of the prime minister's local hunt. carmarthen west and south pembrokeshire MP Simon Hart says "absolute clarity and absolute accountability" is needed. the charity spends £5m a year prosecuting cruelty cases
a 360-degree panorama of the insides of the ISS modules has been added to google maps. some of the photography features pop-up text descriptions. the firm said it hoped to inspire the public to further explore the science and engineering involved in space exploration.
fancy dress theme of "pirates and princesses" for 44th boxing day swim from north beach. sea temperatures were 11 degrees - slightly warmer than the conditions for spectators. the event, organised by the TSSA, is expected to raise thousands of pounds for charity.
HSBC has been through an overhaul in recent years in an attempt to reverse declining profits. one of his first jobs will be to find a replacement for Stuart Gulliver, the chief executive of the bank, who plans to step down next year.
u.s. lead negotiator says he has no information on who might lead on climate change issues in a Trump administration. he said the agreement was durable, inclusive and ambitious. the EU climate commissioner said investments in renewable sources were worth more than $329bn last year
Swansea beat Charlotte Independence 4-0 at the city stadium on saturday. new signing Mike van der hoorn made his debut after joining from ajax. the swans face Richmond kickers at Virginia on Sunday.
police said the man left a bar in manchester city centre at 01:00 GMT. he apparently woke up in a confused state before contacting police.
air pollution across the uk is linked to around 40,000 premature deaths every year. some 37 of the 43 regions of the UK are in breach of NO2 limits. speed bumps could be removed in some cities to cut pollution from cars slowing down.
the memorial is set to bear the names of more than 1,400 officers and staff. it is being built at the national memorial arboretum in alrewas, Staffordshire. the government has committed £1m towards the £4m needed for it.
Crusaders on verge of back-to-back league titles for first time in club's history. whyte scores first goal since October and his first in the league at home this season. substitute forsythe fires second into top corner in stoppage time.
trainees will be based in depots across the country supporting expansion of timetables. train drivers' union aslef welcomed the announcement. ScotRail said it wanted to hear from "enthusiastic, reliable candidates"
US authorities move to seize more than $1bn (£761m) in assets related to 1MDB. the fund was set up by Mr Najib in 2009 with the stated aim of boosting the Malaysian economy. despite denying any wrongdoing, the prime
ar ôl y digwyddiad yn Rhagfyr 2014 cafodd gyrrwr y bws, ei gwestiynu gan yr heddlu
there has been a rise in asylum requests from pregnant women from Vietnam, africa and eastern europe. some pregnant immigrant women reported to have paid fake fathers and solicitors as much as €5,000 (£4,356; $5,628) a new law is being drafted to tackle the
new rules, coming into effect next may, could see fines soar to 20m euros (£17.4m) fines for data breaches had already risen, from 18 in 2015, to 35 in 2016. the UK is one of the most active places in Europe for regulatory enforcement.
one million people have already signed up to view the shroud. some believe it is the burial cloth of Jesus Christ. scientists have not agreed on how the image of a man was imprinted on the cloth. the last public viewings were in 2010, when 2.5 million people came to see it
79% of those surveyed said they would increase charges for visitors from outside the UK for using the health service. but health secretary said such charges were a "marginal area" of NHS activity. he said: "the actual conversation about charging people from abroad is an absolute distraction"
since the news broke 'north korea' has been mentioned 211,000 times on twitter. 'this is a wake up call for the UN to swing into action in full force. let's invite Kim Jong-un to the united nations in new york and get down
he was accused of abusing a 15-year-old girl between 2009 and 2010. the 12-member jury spent more than six hours deliberating. judge thanked the 10 women and two men for their time.
education secretary John Swinney launched the "intense" three month consultation last September. but the group which mounted a legal challenge against the scheme said there had been no updates from ministers. the named person policy set out to appoint a single point of contact, such as
former england under-21 international has made nine appearances for the toffees. the 22-year-old has progressed through the youth system at goodison park. he missed the end of last season with a knee injury that kept him out for nearly a year
those who participated in the Aberdeen Children of the 1950s project have been contacted. they have been asked to take part in the Scottish Family Health Study. it aims to investigate why diseases such as cancer can run in families.
ethnic Chinese have long suffered casual racism and been stereotyped as easy targets. in august, 49-year-old tailor died in hospital after being attacked by three teenagers. at least 15,000 ethnic Chinese turned out in Paris to give vent to their feelings of insecurity.
the S&P 500 climbed 8.7 points to 2,049.29, as it ended the day above where it had closed at the end of 2015. the Dow Jones was up 117.59 points to 17,599.08, having itself moved into positive territory for the year on Thursday.
sales of Mercedes in china slowed, with sales up 8% compared with growth of 82% in the previous quarter. however, rates of growth in china and india are likely to be distinctly lower than last year.
"nobody has the right to kill others, neither the government nor its opponents," he said. he warned against any outside intervention in Syria, in particular by the u.s.
Nintendo posted a 9.9bn yen deficit for the April-to-June months. sales were 8% lower despite the release of a Mario Kart game in may. firm did not alter its prediction of return to full-year profit.
Huddersfield Town beat Burton Albion 1-0 in the championship. Nahki wells scores the match-winner after Aaron Mooy's free-kick is headed in. the defeat sees the visitors slip to 21st, two points clear of the drop zone.
misspelled road markings are not the first time bungling contractors have been left with red faces. workmen misspelled the word "minutes" as "minuites" at an NCP car park in Cambridge. a set of double yellow lines that appeared in Cardiff led to the city council
Khalil Dale, 60, was abducted in quetta in January 2012 and was found dead. a note next to his body said he was killed because a ransom had not been paid. an inquest into his death was held at Chesterfield coroners court.
french tennis star bartoli says she is retiring with immediate effect. the 28-year-old says her Achilles, shoulder, hip and lower back hurt constantly. she made the announcement at a media conference following defeat by Simona Halep.
SP manweb set to put up 18 pylons linking two wind farms. plans approved by energy secretary Greg Clark last year. opponents argued it would impact countryside and farming.
the Hangzhou Internet Court opened on friday and heard its first case. the court's focus will be civil cases, including online shopping disputes. Defendants and plaintiffs appear before the judge not in person, but via video-chat.
the deal will see the firm taken over by holding company Cheil Industries. the takeover is key to consolidating the Samsung founding family's control. it comes ahead of a generational power transfer at the multi-headed conglomerate.
statue of sekhemka gifted to museums by the 4th marquis of northampton in 1880. conservative-run council plans to sell it and use the money for heritage schemes. sale has been challenged by the liberal democrat group.
Jason gillespie's side will play an MCC XI in the traditional four-day curtain-raiser in Abu Dhabi on 22 march. the opening round of the championship will also see Middlesex at home to Nottinghamshire and Somerset. only two matches will take place in Division Two
Ming Jiang, 43, is accused of murdering his friend and fellow Chinese national Yang Liu, 36. it is alleged he dumped the suitcase in a remote Derbyshire lay-by and set it alight. prosecutor: "he was a heavy gambler and
announcement is due on Thursday which would see Mr Reckless join the tory group in Cardiff Bay. it is understood he will be an independent rather than re-join the party. there is resistance to admitting him following his dramatic defection from the conservatives to join UKIP.
a growing list of opponents of president Vladimir Putin have ended up on the wrong side of the law or in exile, or met their deaths in suspicious circumstances. most famously, Mikhail Khodorkovsky was targeted when he accused Mr Putin and his associates of conniving in massive
Rangers make it eight wins from eight with a 3-0 win over queens park rangers. barrie McKay, Andy halliday and Jason holt all on target for the home side. queens striker Derek Lyle sent off after going head-to-head
all foreign forces were meant to have left by 10 October. rebel leader says deal is unlikely to work and he may take up arms again. tens of thousands of people have died since the civil war began in 2013.
life-saving services each to receive a part of the £5m paid to the government in Libor fines. the AAA estimated that 800 lives could be saved each year because of this and other relief schemes. air ambulance charities serving Cornwall, Devon, Dorset and Somerset, east Anglia, Essex and her
Guy Bridge, 16, completed the lap in two hours, 32 minutes and 25 seconds. his mother, steph bridge, claimed the spot for the fastest female in three hours, three minutes and 24 seconds. the trio from exmouth reached speeds of 25knots during the 55-mile race.
sidwell's contract at seagulls is due to expire at the end of the season. the 34-year-old is hoping to sign a new deal to stay in the premier league. midfielder has made 32 appearances this season to help Brighton win promotion.
a £200m-a-year cancer drug fund was set up in England in 2011. there is no similar fund in Wales. mrs burrows is staying with her son while she receives treatment for breast cancer.
Grimsby beat forest green 1-0. pat hoban, Andy monkhouse and Darren Carter all on target. disley heads home with 19 minutes left.
model replicates lattice of sodium and chloride ions found in crystal of salt (NaCl) built by crystallographer turned science communicator, dr Robert Krickl, from nearly 40,000 balls and 10km of sticks. world record attempt will be adjudic
timothy stanley: starr's kind words come at a time when Hillary has a bill problem. he says she's blunting her attacks on Donald Trump's sexism and misogyny. she says he's
bus lanes in Belfast currently run from 07:30 until 09:30 and from 15:30 until 18:30. the project is due to come into operation in September 2018. there will be two rounds of consultation on the proposals.
the election of Donald Trump risks driving a wedge between the us and the eu. british government has staggered and started making overtures to the emerging administration. but some EU countries have worn their hearts sleeve and expressed dissatisfaction.
teams discuss failure of new elimination format with f1 commercial boss Bernie Ecclestone and governing body, the FIA. Mercedes boss toto wolff said todt and ecclestone refused to revert to the 2015 system. a new aggregate system proposed by the
mark allen beats John higgins 6-5 in a dramatic first-round match at Alexandra palace. the northern irishman made a 44 to take the match and reach the last eight. he will face either marco fu or judd Trump in the quarter-final
pro-russian militia and protesters in south-east labelled "terrorists" by Kiev. strand of coverage by Russia's three main TV channels has been to portray the Ukrainian army as weak. one report by NTV - owned by state gas giant gazprom -
leach and barnard put on 100 to help Worcestershire post 349. leach then claimed two wickets to leave the visitors wobbling on 43-2. mark cosgrove and paul horton saw Leicestershire to the close on 172-2.
message "united against extremism" will be carried on posters on 50 buses. campaign launched to reassure people and discourage extremists. Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Scotland president Abdul Abid says campaign has been running in london.
Spotify has more than 60 million regular users across 58 countries. it says about 20% pay for its premium ad-free subscription services. the firm has also taken steps to match the music it suggests to activities users engage in.
Liverpool goalkeeper mignolet struggles as the reds give away the lead in a 3-3 draw with arsenal. the 27-year-old is set to sign a new five-year contract with the club. he was also beaten at his near post by Aaron Ramsey for Arsenal's
pm spotted eating Pringles on flight from london to portugal. fellow passenger tweeted: "guys I'm crying he was eating pringles" twitter users speculated why the prime minister was using a budget airline.
Pierre Cornlouer spent 30 years in the navy, serving in the falklands, the Gulf and Bosnia. he wrote the book to explain to his daughter what life was like for servicemen. an animation of it is narrated by Simon weston and voiced by 40 other veterans.
world silver medallist Brianne theisen-eaton defended her title, setting a world-leading 6,765-points total. Johnson-Thompson, the 2014 champion, was second overall after setting three personal bests on a promising opening day. the 23
sceptics point to spin doctors, focus groups and politicians' use of scripted language. there are a number of explanations for the increasing number of people who resent mainstream politicians. the rise of populist parties in the u.s. and europe has been
redmond signs a five-year contract with the st mary's. the 22-year-old was signed from Norwich for £3.2m in 2013. redmond has played at every youth level for the english national team.
activists claim Michelle brown has been "abrasive and discourteous" to them. letter sent to UKIP's national executive committee before row over racial slurs. chairman says the letter did not follow proper process.
four american tourists and an australian pilot died in a light plane crash on tuesday. the plane had just taken off from the small Essendon airport, which reopened on Thursday. safety officials said they would investigate with "an open mind" and make a preliminary report next
Heinrich boere was sentenced in march 2010 after confessing to the killings. he shot dead three people in 1944, including a chemist and a resistance member. the presiding judge said all three killings had been carried out "on a totally random basis"
Riham dawabsha suffered severe burns to 90% of her body in the attack. her 18-month-old son, Ali, died during the attack while her husband, Saad, succumbed to his injuries a week later. so far no suspects have been arrested.
we look back at the 22-year rule of the controversial and outspoken leader.
a third of those making applications want to put all their debts in one place. another third want to buy cars and bikes. 84% of borrowers were confident about making future repayments.
police believe the attack may have been targeted. a 38-year-old man suffered serious, but non-life threatening, facial injuries. the second victim, aged 49, did not need medical attention.
Kane scored twice in spurs' 3-0 win over the canaries at the etihad stadium. the striker has now scored 11 premier league goals this season and 27 in 2015. he broke club record for league goals in a calendar year last term.
the arches announced on Wednesday that it had gone into administration. management said they had been left with no choice after a midnight closing time was imposed by the city's licensing board. the restriction followed police complaints about drug abuse and disorder.
shares in the platinum miner rose nearly 10% to 17.75p in early trade on the lse. the company urged shareholders to approve the cash call, saying the injection was crucial to its survival. it reported an annual loss of $2.2bn, compared with a loss of $3
mani dad was living with his mother in Poland when he disappeared early this year. he is thought to be in the UK with his father, property dealer Zayn Dean, 47. mother leyla dad said Costa coffee shops were among mani's favourite haunts.
wingers Alex O'Meara and Alex day have agreed new one-year contracts. hooker Tom Channon has signed for two more seasons at the mennaye. the 29-year-old, from Cornwall, started his career at penryn.
the chimney stack on the signal box is being removed and rebuilt. work on the platform canopy is to be carried out at night to minimise disruption. northern: "knaresborough is a beautiful station, steeped in history"
Torquay united beat north ferriby united 2-0 in the national league. myles Anderson scored two minutes from time to secure victory.
the petition gained more signatures than any other on the parliamentary website. it had been set up by William Oliver healey ahead of the referendum. the petition will be considered for a parliamentary debate by the Petitions committee.
John leathem, 32, stabbed Paige, 15, 61 times after she stopped at his delicatessen. he admitted her murder and claimed to have "panicked" after she threatened. his lawyers said he had no previous convictions and had shown genuine remorse
four voters alleged mayor of tower hamlets Lutfur Rahman had committed electoral fraud. the group of voters wants the poll declared void and rerun. independent Mr Rahman was elected for a second term in may 2014.
the annual Roald Dahl funny prize is to be relaunched in 2016. the prize was set up by former children's laureate michael Rosen in 2008. last year's winners, Simon Rickerty (monkey nut) and Jim Smith (i
the president has cut short his visit to Ethiopia following the killing. he was killed in his vehicle near the presidential palace in the capital, Mogadishu. Somalia has been wracked by conflict since the long-serving ruler Siad barre was ousted in 1991
Ward was on loan with the Terriers from Liverpool in the championship. the 23-year-old's penalty shoot-out heroics helped them beat Sheffield in the semi-final and reading in the play-off final. he would prefer regular games with Huddersfield to sitting on the bench
the body was found near heanor memorial park in Derbyshire. police originally thought the man was 17-year-old Han Lan. but now believe it might be a 21-year old man named Trung Thanh Hoang.
april 1 marks the first day of the new year.
man detained in reading and woman in wokingham by counter-terrorism officers. the pair, believed to be friends, were taken to a police station for questioning. west Midlands police said the arrests had been intelligence-led.
the inquiry will last at least two years and cost up to $53.8m (£30.8m) each province has agreed to allow the commissioners to look at all jurisdictions. it is expected to focus on the systemic causes of violence against indigenous women.
fawzi al-odah, 37, was released after a review panel concluded he was not a "continuing significant threat" he had been at the US facility in Cuba since 2002 after his arrest in Pakistan on suspicion of links to al-Qaeda and the Taliban.
faulty silicone breast implants were recalled in 2010, affecting thousands of women. the new registry will include patients treated by both NHS and private providers. participation in the registry will be noted during care quality commission inspections.
the stricken robot, made by Knightscope, was spotted by passers-by. photos of the aftermath quickly went viral on social media. "we were promised flying cars, instead we got suicidal robots," wrote one worker.
police want to speak to a man aged between 25 and 30 with short black hair and a stubbly beard. officers said he had a silver stud in his left nostril, a scar on the knuckles of his left hand and spoke with a
cnn's richard quest is keen to help his son realise his ambition to become a game maker. frontier development's founder, David braben, co-wrote the legendary game elite as a child. the studio's audio head, Jim Croft, started
the 29-year-old's first grand tour stage win and first at this year's Giro. team-mate Mikel landa's late attack was caught as time gaps stayed the same. the stage takes the riders into the high mountains for the first time since stage four.
two-thirds of international visitors to the UK are from the rest of the eu. sterling has tumbled 16% against the euro since the referendum vote. the pound has fallen 23% against the us dollar over the past two years.
Ibrahim Halawa has been detained in an Egyptian prison for more than three years. his trial was adjourned for a 17th time on tuesday. the son of a senior cleric was arrested during anti-government protests.
fraudsters posing as talktalk workers switch caller ID to florist's number. "confused" callers asking for telecoms firm started contacting the shop on friday. shop manager said some of those ringing the business had been abusive.
private members' bill is aimed at giving victims more confidence in reporting rape. it comes after the Ched Evans retrial jury was allowed to hear details about the sexual history of the complainant. the bill replicates the so-called 'rape shield law' which exists in
Durrant spent last season in charge of the under-20 development squad. but he will not return for the start of pre-season training at Ibrox. manager mark warburton wants to alter the coaching personnel.
arsenal beat notts county in the last eight on friday. manchester city thrashed doncaster belles 4-1 on Sunday.
the reds beat third-placed Chinnor 29-12 for a second win in a row. tommy Phillips, Ben Priddey and Craig Williams led the team from the front. the Reds face seven teams below them in the table in their next eight games
the final whistle went at the weekend it made every second of the season worthwhile. being a manager is a very difficult thing to do, but it's equally very rewarding in different ways. i'm going to stay with Wales for another campaign after briefly considering international retirement.
former labour activist and founder of the Sharia watch pressure group, has previously called Islam "evil". her leadership bid has split the party, with some MEPs threatening to quit if she was allowed into the race. voting papers will be sent to party members over the next few weeks and the new
Australian open semi-finalist joins Heather Watson, Victoria azarenka and Caroline wozniacki in the draw. croatian teenager Ana konjuh will return to the Nottingham Tennis Centre to defend her title.
house at auvers II was hung in the picnic cafe to launch the open for art festival. van gogh specialist David Brooks claims it is not a known work by the artist. owner mark Lawrence insists it is a real van Gogh, but admits it has not
works on show at the royal pavilion include a painting of liger cubs given to king george IV. the exhibition also tells the story of the first living giraffe in the UK, given to the king as diplomatic gift.
mission to land a rover on the red planet will now follow four years behind. planetary alignment dictates most efficient launch opportunities become available in 26-month intervals. european and Russian engineers have been struggling to keep their design on the 2018 timeline.
chronic epilepsy means 19-year-old has around 16 seizures a day. other competitors believe she needs to go to hospital when she falls. but in her case, there's no need for medical intervention.
Surrey reach Lord's for first time since 2002 after being bowled out for 236. they were reduced to 8-2 before a three-wicket burst from Stuart meaker. Yorkshire captain alex lees says he is "gutted" by the defeat
the operation focused on a train from Valenciennes, in northern france. police are looking for three men described as "dangerous" by a foreign country. security had been stepped up across the country for the second round of the presidential election.
the spread of cancer around the body is a crucial moment called metastasis. before a cancer spreads it is easier to contain and cure, afterwards it is incredibly difficult to treat. it is thought the technology could be adapted to other disciplines, including how the body's cells behave
many offices, schools and colleges have been shut due to rains in the past week. the rains have also affected at least 80,000 people in northern parts of Sri Lanka. a depression formed in the bay of Bengal has triggered rains.
more than half the pledged delegates have already been apportioned. only a few truly landscape-altering battlegrounds remain on the calendar. sanders needs a sizeable victory in Wisconsin to properly set the stage for the coming contests.
improvised explosive device goes off killing and injuring people gathered around celebrations. incident highlights danger that remains even after jihadists have been flushed out of an area. at least 17,000 people, mostly civilians, have been killed since the group launched their violent upr
the last few weeks before the dissolution of the Parliament elected in 2010. many MPs are spending a lot of time in their constituencies preparing for the election. there are still a few bills left to deal with including a bill to devolve powers to set the rate of corporation tax
the design for a new apartment complex in south Korea has sparked a furious response. critics say it resembles the collapse of new york's world trade center after 9/11. the design, by a Dutch architectural company, is part of a flagship project in Seoul.
minichiello says jess ennis-hill deserves place as britain's greatest ever athlete. he says she is a "hard-working mum" who "gets her physicality from her mum" "she is always ultra competitive but incredibly grounded and modest
the subsea cable will run between virginia and bilbao, spain. it will help the tech giants move data more quickly and cheaply between their data centres. construction of the 6,600km (4,125 miles) long cable is due to start in august.
the queen and prince philip cancelled their plans to travel to Sandringham on 21 december. the palace said there was "no sense of undue concern" the queen is "still recuperating" from a heavy cold.
"if the opportunity presents itself, I certainly hope that I have the opportunity to see my son," says lon snowden. "i'm not sure that my son will be returning to the us. that's his decision, he's an adult," he tells reporters.
researchers have developed a new type of wireless power transfer. it can safely penetrate deep inside the body, using roughly the same power as a cell phone. if such devices could be made to work in humans, it could lead to smaller devices.
the 26-year-old has been at the KCOM stadium since 2015. he was out of contract at the end of this season. in 2016, he had the highest kick-conversion rate in super league.
the incident was reported near junction 16 at Johnstonebridge at about 14:20. police said that six vehicles had been involved and lanes were blocked for a time. it follows a string of incidents on the motorway on Sunday in similar weather conditions.
u.s. president reimposing travel and trade restrictions eased by Obama administration. but he is not reversing key diplomatic and commercial ties with its larger neighbour. "the embargo should continue. why give credit to a country where the people don t
32 secondary schools, primary schools and nurseries are affected by the outbreak. the total number of cases is more than for the whole of Wales in the last three years. people most at risk are children of school age who have not had two doses of the measles, mumps and rub
video footage shows the transasia plane clipping a bridge as it came down. the fuselage was later salvaged by crane. there were 15 survivors pulled from the wreckage but 12 people remain missing. it is the second transasia plane to crash in seven months.
photographs of the endangered Magnolia dealbata, held by Bristol-based Arkive, were seen by a botanist at a Mexican university. the plants were tracked to Mexico's Serra Gorda biosphere reserve and identified. photographer Roberto pedraza Ruiz said he
the draft 10-year plan will help recognise the "vital role" of early years carers. since 2008 children aged between three and seven have been educated through the play-based foundation phase. the plan wants to see staff highly skilled and "highly regarded" in their career.
bagpipes thought to be first time played in space by an astronaut. Kjell Lindgren played Amazing grace on the pipes after recording message. pipe maker says he got in touch with the 42-year-old astronaut two years ago.
mancini insists that argentine striker Carlos Tevez will have a chance to play. the 27-year-old missed a penalty in city's 3-0 win at home to wigan last weekend. mancini says his side still need to be more ruthless in front
english league champions manchester city beat danish side brondby 2-1 in first leg. goal from midfielder Jane Walsh with 16 minutes remaining gives city victory. city have now kept 20 clean sheets in 26 matches in all competitions this year.
britons have banked the Euromillions jackpot more than 14 times. the prize was Europe's biggest ever and was capped after a series of rollovers. weirs have both had serious health conditions in recent years and have not able to work.
three days of national mourning have been announced and a minute's silence observed. hundreds of messages of support for the people of Brussels have been chalked across the place de la Bourse.
Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin, believed to be about 55, faces 12 charges including the attempted murder of a US citizen. he was seized in 2009 after an attack on Afghan border police and us forces.
councillors to meet next week to consider bids to turn the hall into a food market or a hotel. the B-listed Edwardian building has sat empty since it closed 10 years ago. council officials deferred a decision on which development bid to back in July
northern ireland beat Romania, Hungary, Greece, Finland and the faroe islands in group d. former assistant coach macphee proud of success but disappointed by lack of qualification. he led Cupar hearts to the 2007 Scottish amateur cup final before turning to coaching. mac
groups will be offered funding of up to 50% of the costs for vaccinating badgers. areas identified for vaccination include Cheshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Warwickshire, Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, Hampshire and east Sussex
the urinary catheter is a much-used, but little-discussed, device designed to drain the bladder. it is typically used in hospital to monitor how much urine patients have passed. about one in five people who stay in hospital are fitted with a catheter.
Victor Moses (hamstring) and Leon balogun (muscular injury) are out of the squad. Godwin Obaje, Chisom Egbuchulam and Uche Henry Agbo are their replacements. striker Isaac Success had been named in the squad for the first time
the colognes - Ernesto and Hugo - were unveiled on Thursday by a state laboratory in havana. the project was mocked in the social networks and criticised by supporters of the Cuban Revolution. "the symbols of the revolution are and will always be sacred
the anti-Irish tweet appeared on the councillor's now deleted account. other tweets on the feed which "may have caused concern" are also being looked at. the national conservative party has suspended Mr Harrington pending an investigation.
an inquiry was launched in June last year following reports that face paint was used to impersonate a staff member in a student-led performance. it caused offence to eight students of African heritage, prompting the review by prof dinesh Bhugra from king's college London.
11 imams, sheiks and religious teachers from nine countries take part in tour. aim is to get Muslims to acknowledge reality of what happened here, says organiser. visit also includes a visit to the newly opened museum of the history of polish Jews.
incident involved just one vehicle on the B5111 in coedana, Llanerchymedd. the road has been closed and diversions are in place. two police officers are being treated for minor injuries at Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor.
f1's strategy group have announced changes to the sport for 2017. refuelling will return and cars will be between five and six seconds a lap faster. engineers have been tasked with finding solutions to make engines louder. the current cars are at some tracks as much as
two men took £200 from the shop at Rosskeen park before making off in the stolen car. police said the black citroen C1 was stolen from the shearwater area. shop owner: "this will cost us thousands but we'll pick ourselves up"
Andrew Salina was found seriously injured at his home in Roystonhill. emergency services were alerted to a disturbance at about 03:30. police say it appears a weapon had been used in the "violent incident"
the Hawker Hunter jet plummeted on to the A27 on 22 august killing 11 men. the ejector seats were a "significant hazard" that delayed rescue teams. a final report is yet to be published by the air accident investigation branch.
india celebrates the first UN World yoga day on sunday june 21st. prime minister Narendra modi took part in a yoga session outside parliament. some say he couldn't resist the opportunity for an image that will undoubtedly appear in newspapers around the world tomorrow.
growing up in the city is an exhibition of 25 photographs which capture the life of children over more than 100 years. the pictures span the period from the 1880s to the 1990s and illustrate just how much life for a child has changed. they also provide a thought-provoking social history of life
the £35m facility will work on developing personalised cancer treatments. it follows a successful bid to part-fund construction of the MCRC. the centre is scheduled to open in 2014.
two-time double Olympic champion sir mo farah struggles on the holyrood park course. turkey's Yasemin can, representing europe, wins the women's race. captain Laura muir anchored Britain to victory in the 4x1km mixed relay
fire appliances called to scene at carnsalloch house to tackle blaze. witness reported damage to main part of the house at Kirkton. category a listed building had fallen into a state of disrepair. had been described as a target for vandals, fire
Wolves have not won in eight games, their worst run since the 2012-13 relegation season. Iceland international bodvarsson says the message is much more clear now. Lambert's first home game in charge of 19th-placed Wolves is on sunday.
demolition of derelict factory in the city of foyle began on friday night. there were concerns about the stability of the building after the collapse of an internal wall. Foyle road, which was closed between the lower deck of the bridge and John street roundabout, has reopened
Philip Craig, 38, killed Christopher Laskaris, 24, at his flat in the Hyde park area of Leeds. Craig then went back to the flat where his victim's body remained to take more possessions. he was jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years at Leeds
pre-tax profit fell 49.7% to £27.7m in the first half of the year ending 30th June. ladbrokes boss Richard Glynn said it was now "well positioned for growth" shares in the firm rose 3% in early trading.
campaigners fought to save Ipswich airport after it was earmarked for housing by the borough council. the site was formerly a world war two airfield and home to RAF Blenheim light bombers, Hurricanes and - for short periods - Spitfire
the 34ft (10m) catamaran crashed into a turbine off the coast of cumbria. an RNLI lifeboat from Barrow rescued the crew and brought them to shore. one of the men suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital for treatment.
Ollie Hirschorn was upset when he lost his lion, Liley, at hughenden manor. the toy was returned along with a photo diary showing Liley driving a buggy. staff at the former home of prime minister Benjamin Disraeli were told of the missing
infantry troops spent less than 47% of their time on the western front between 1914 and 1918. while there, they spent one in five days fighting directly with their enemy. around 27,000 volunteers helped contribute to the research.
the move was long overdue, says the British deaf association. "sign language is ultimately a language of lead," says Majella McAteer. the event was attended by representatives from the five largest political parties.
researchers aim to produce a dynamic wiring diagram of how the brain grows. aim to chart journeys of bundles of nerves in final three months of pregnancy. Developing human connectome project hopes to look at more than 1,500 babies.
Rooney has scored a record 53 goals in 115 appearances for his country. the 30-year-old was made captain in august 2014 but has come under scrutiny. former england midfielder lampard says he needs to work out his best position.
no-one was in the vehicle when it careered rear-end first into the building. the incident took place at about 17:00 BST on thursday.
many leaders want to ensure the UK stays in, especially in germany. germans appreciate the UK's free trade, single market, and anti red-tape push. there is little appetite for fundamental changes to existing EU treaties.
body of andraya Lyons, 39, was found in Drew street, swindon on saturday. her family said they were 'devastated' by the loss of their devoted mother. Anthony Porter, 32, has appeared before Swindon Magistrates'
the law also sets a sentence of 30 years in jail for child homicide. the measure was signed into law by vice-president alvaro Garcia Linera. more than 500,000 children already work to supplement the family income in Bolivia.
work was due to begin this week on demolishing prestatyn community hospital. but because seagulls are nesting on the roof, the demolition must be put on hold. developers have lodged plans for apartments and houses on the site.
FTSE 100 index rises 77 points, or 1.1%, to 6,911.4, with similar rises seen elsewhere in Europe. most analysts had expected the fed to hold rates on Wednesday. dollar fell after US rates were held, which led to rises in shares of mining companies.
review group will assess whether college and university students in Scotland receive fair and effective support. it will also make recommendations for improvements. review will look at whether effective support is being provided for poorest and most vulnerable students.
the park has been told to stop breeding orcas in captivity in a ruling from the california Coastal Commission. the decision comes after criticism of the way the whales are treated at the park. no new whales from the wild will be allowed to be added to the
there were six late winning goals in the championship on the last full match day before the festive season. Leeds and Sheffield Wednesday ensured they would spend Christmas in the top six thanks to winners in the 89th minute and stoppage time. former manchester united and sunderland man wes brown scored on
paceman milnes, 22, was part of the team that clinched the 2012 county championship after signing in 2011. paceman Lewis, 24, featured eight times in the T20 Blast this summer and wicketkeeper McKay, 20, deputised for wicketkeeper Tim ambrose. director of
increase in would-be buyers was at its lowest point in almost a year during February. better mortgage deals have helped absorb some of the "pent-up demand", the trade body said. the cost of a home in the UK continued to rise during February, albeit at a slightly slower
Byron Davies asked if a message from William Graham supporting the so-called "black route" for a £1bn Newport relief road came from a "spoof" account. group leader Andrew RT Davies said the online row would "not be repeated"
L/Cpl Kyle Cleet Marshall died after being caught in a roadside bomb blast. the 23-year-old, from Newcastle upon Tyne, had been due to marry in July. he had led his team in the discovery of a huge bomb-making factory
twitter's boss has outlined new plans for the social network. one will let you see what you missed while you were offline, say sleeping. another new function could filter tweets, making the app more like facebook.
Liverpool beat borussia dortmund 4-3 in the champions league. goals from Philippe Coutinho, Mamadou Sakho and dejan lovren secure victory. joachim low's side move into last four of the competition.
"nobody risks £15,000 on a hunch," says a William hill spokesman. the makers of Spectre have yet to announce who will sing the title track. radiohead are 6/4 favourites to get the gig, while ladbrokes, coral and pa
mark durkan took the decision to adopt the planning policy without the agreement of the full northern Ireland executive, she said.
Marchwood Park and Cracknore hard industrial estates, covering 113.73 acres, were acquired by Associated British Ports. port director Nick Ridehalgh said the estates would provide "strategic long term value" for the company. local councillor David Harrison called for
Chernova given two-year ban and earlier results annulled by Russian anti-doping agency. the 27-year-old won world gold at 2011 world championships in daegu, south korea. she set a personal best of 6,880 points, beating defending champion
the choir was established by Henry VIII in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults. the aim is to find youngsters from local schools and a range of backgrounds who may not have considered singing in a cathedral choir before. new recruits will play a full part in the cathedral
GB beat north korea 3-2 in their opening game of the world cup. goals from angela taylor and leanne ganney leveled the game. the result means GB are bottom of group a after three games.
the capital port-au-prince is a city crammed with people. trees fallen, banana crops uprooted and houses under water. a crucial route to those hit hardest by the storm was destroyed. aid agencies are struggling to move around this damaged corner of the country.
the flight search engine website reported revenues of £120m for 2015. gross bookings of $11.2bn, up 49% on 2014, with visitors to the website up 48%. on average, 50m people used the website each month.
the first electric taxis to roll off the production line will go on sale in London in the final quarter of the year, before being sold around the world early in 2018. it is the first all-new car factory in the Midlands since 2003, when aston martin opened its state-of
29-year-old arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and wounding with intent. three other men, aged 30, 27 and 20, also arrested in connection with the incident. all four men have been bailed until the end of April. it follows an incident on Oxford street on 17 march in which
for african leaders, the UN in new york is the place to be seen and heard every September. it allows those who are older than the General Assembly to attend, as well as those who have been ostracised by international opinion. a brief scan of the UN's history will show
there is a view that leaving the EU would undermine the UK's economic performance. there would be a period of uncertainty about access to the EU market for British exporters while new arrangements were negotiated. it is argued that foreign investment could be hit by the uncertainty.
australian businessman David prior said he hoped to double production at Bladnoch Distillery, near Wigtown. he also has plans to introduce a new blend called Pure Scot. "i didn't want to try doing it back home or some other market, i
BBC radio 1 plays a countdown of the week's top songs. in may, the programme will move from Sunday to Friday evenings.
animal tuberculosis - officially known as zoonotic TB - has been neglected for decades. raw or unpasteurised milk is one of the most common sources of the infection. best estimates suggest there are around 121,000 new cases of animal TB each year
the 29-year-old is the first British singles player to reach top spot since computerised rankings began in 1973. he will be confirmed as world number one on monday when the latest rankings are published. the Scot will play american John Isner in Sunday's final of the par
the 41-year-old collected £200,000, the biggest ever victory cheque for a tournament outside the UK, after prevailing in a high-quality contest in china. it was higgins' first tournament win since last year's international championship, also in china, but as an invitation title does
sleep experts link it to the use of mobile phones and computers in bedrooms late at night. lessons have to be pitched at a lower level to accommodate the sleep-starved learners. the united states has the highest number of sleep deprived students.
former congressman and navy SEAL rode through downtown washington atop a 17-year-old Irish sport horse named Tonto. he was spotted wearing a black cowboy hat as he made his way through traffic. the interior department oversees more than 20% of us
scout Eddie heath allegedly abused Russell Davy in 1986. he began working at Charlton after working for Chelsea. the football association have launched an investigation.
plans submitted for up to 630 houses in Radyr and 1,000 in Lisvane. a primary school and community centre are also included in the plans. planning committee councillors will consider both applications.
referee Anthony Taylor spoke to Evans and cisse after the incident at st james' park. the pair appeared to spit at each other during the first-half, but neither was booked. a number of ex-players believe the acts should be punished.
a 17-year-old arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail. police say it appears the victim suffered a head injury as a result of the altercation. a neighbour said some partygoers had been turned away from the house.
Canadian midfielder hoilett made his debut for the bluebirds on friday. the 26-year-old joined on a free transfer from former club QPR. warnock's first game in charge attracted the biggest crowd of the season.
rail union says making Scotland's railways safer can only be done with publicly-owned service. RMT claims that Dutch firm abellio is plundering a £1m-a-month profit. ScotRail said the union's comments bore no scrutiny.
the 36-year-old scored 1,276 runs in an ODI career which began in 1997. she made 90 appearances in the 50-over format, including six half-centuries. ireland lost by 36 runs in a rain-affected contest in colombo
west ham manager slaven bilic questioned referee's decision to send off Sofiane Feghouli in his side's 2-0 defeat by manchester united. it was the fifth red card shown by Dean in 15 matches this season. former player Tony cas
more than 12,600 cases were discontinued from 2014 to 2015, one in every eight crown court cases. the proportion of cases resulting in a conviction fell below the 80% mark for the first time since 2010-11. in 70% of the dropped prosecutions, the CPS offered 'no evidence'
lawro is up against the four people above him on the leaderboard for the FA cup final. joint leaders are 1Xtra breakfast show DJ A.Dot and Arsenal Fan TV host Robbie Lyle. radio one DJ Adele Roberts and Chelsea fan TV host Sophie rose also return.
health boards forecast to over spend by £146m this year. ABMU said it was attempting to cut agency staff costs. Betsi Cadwaladr, Cardiff and Vale board and Hywel Dda also overspend.
20-year-old was born in the Eastern Cape province, but his family moved to england when he was nine. macKenzie is a european junior team gold medallist with britain. he finished second in the vault and sixth in the all-around at
alleged attack took place in Malton Crescent, north Shields, on friday. Simonik da Costa, 41, of wallsend, was also charged with common assault.
the Dow Jones industrial average climbed 55.47 points to 20,006.94 on friday. the wider S&P 500 index rose 9.77 points to 2,399.29 and the Nasdaq closed up 25.42 points at 6,100.76.
fingerprints of anis abid sardar were allegedly found on two other bombs at the scene. sgt Randy johnson, 34, was killed in an explosion near baghdad in 2007, court hears. the 38-year-old denies murder, conspiracy
aidy ward reportedly said raheem sterling will not sign a new deal even if offered "£900,000 a week". rodgers said sterling would be available for selection for the team's last game of the season. the 20-year-old has already
a heatwave in spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the uk. this is called a Spanish plume and could also mean hot and humid storms later this week.
alcohol consumption has dropped since 2008, but those in poorer communities are more likely to suffer or die from alcohol-related disease. public health review says alcohol is now more affordable and people are drinking more than they did 40 years ago. report suggests 167,000 years of working life lost to alcohol in 2015.
satirist Jon Stewart to be replaced by south african comedian Trevor Noah. a host of stars joined him for the final show. the hashtag #JonVoyage was trending on twitter as Stewart bid farewell.
government facing pressure to deal with "failures" in the subsidies payment system. any fine may be waived and an extension to the deadline no longer required. government has accelerated payments in recent weeks amid political pressure.
13 of 34 staff barred for such conduct from august 2013 to 2015. two more were suspended, while three others were banned. the national union of teachers said it was not a common occurrence in schools.
Nintendo said such pixels were "normal and should not be considered a defect" analyst said if issues were as bad as online photos suggested, it was "unbelievable" the £280 handheld console went on sale on friday. it has become the fastest-selling games console in the Japanese company'
Frampton to fight Santa Cruz for the world featherweight title. the 29-year-old has relinquished his IBF super bantamweight crown. frampton beat Scott quigg in a super-bantamweight unification bout in february.
over 23,000 drivers have received £60 penalty notices for misusing the lane. the restrictions were introduced on a trial basis on 31 October 2016. councillor said there was a "growing consensus that the measures worked"
Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine was lbw to left-arm spinner Jack leach. leach had earlier bowled england batsman james Vince for a third-ball duck. Ryan McLaren, though, scored 61 as he
british self-taught photographer shoots neon in Saudi Arabia. says the country has a real love for, and status attached to, this kind of artificial light. a neon light travels a huge distance and feels very powerful, says Stella.
rogue extensions project analysed 100 million visits to google's sites. it led to Google purging almost 200 bad extensions from its online catalogues. 5% of people accessing google every day have been caught out by at least one malicious extension.
new australian of the year says momentum must come from the public. ex-army chief says it is time to "at least revisit the question" of dropping the queen as head of state. critics say republicans have yet to propose a viable alternative to being a constitutional monarchy.
Ayoze perez and Georginio Wijnaldum score as Newcastle beat hammers 2-0. stray backpass by chancel Mbemba let Nikica jelavic score for the home side. shelvey says he has been "hung out
super-heavyweight Joe Joyce will leave the comforts of the state-of-the-art British Boxing training base in Sheffield as an Olympic silver medallist. richie woodhall, former Olympic bronze medallist and WBC super-middleweight champion, believes the 30-year-old
theresa may is spending the bulk of her time in front line seats. more people tune into regional news bulletins at 6:30pm than national news at 6pm. there is a subtler game being played by the parties.
the story of Akong Tulku Rinpoche was screened at the Samye Ling site he founded in southern Scotland. Akong was installed as abbot of a monastery in eastern Tibet at the age of just four. when he was 19, he joined a freedom walk
social care chiefs have said they will need to spend nearly £20bn on services this year. by 2020 that funding gap is predicted to grow to £2.6bn. about 500,000 people in England pay the full cost of their care in England.
Charlie alliston, now 20, is on trial for manslaughter and causing bodily harm. he allegedly hit HR consultant Kim Briggs while going 20mph in central london in 2016. jury told he had been riding a "fixie" -
inquest is examining if a hotpoint dryer caused the blaze above a funeral director's office. fire engineer Clifford Christie told the hearing there was "no compelling evidence" it started in the dryer but he could not rule it out. a tenant who lived in
police say a 21-year-old woman was involved in a three-car accident on the island. she was driving the wrong way down a street and hit two vehicles, police said. the incident is the latest incident involving US troops based in Okinawa. many Okin
a secret ballot on the re-election of the Speaker, after a general election. the idea has been floating about for years, but has never been debated. cnn's nick clegg says it's an ambush brilliantly laid.
YouTube said the video - its most watched ever - has been viewed more than 2,147,483,647 times. it has now changed the maximum view limit to 9,223,372,036,854,775,808, or more than nine quintillion. the second most-
Widnes move above wakefield into seventh, while castleford remain in sixth. tries from macgraff leuluai, Ah Van and Chris bridge gave Vikings a 14-6 half-time lead. fly-half paddy flynn responded with a hat-t
doctors in Kiev used a method called pronuclear transfer in what is a world first. the baby girl, born on 5 January, is thought to be the world's second "modern three-parent baby" the child has the genetic identity of the parents, alongside a tiny amount of
uhmb rated as inadequate in an inspection by the care quality commission. trust said it was "part-way through a process of significant improvement" medical care in one part of the Royal Lancaster was said to be "of particular concern" recruitment of nurses and doctors was identified as a "
tries from Niall Evalds and Greg Johnson level the scores in extra-time. a late drop-goal from ryan o'brien seals the win for the red devils. it is the second time in a week that Hull KR have
hundreds of schools across the world that turkey wants to shut down because they have links to a US-based cleric, Fethullah Gulen. the clerical leader is held responsible by the ankara government for the failed coup in which more than 270 people died
Agnius Naumovas was found on Margaret's avenue on christmas day. he was taken to hospital, where his injuries were described as serious. the 29-year-old, who was from Lithuania, died on Thursday evening.
Blackburn relegated from the premier league for the first time in 37 years. the r's were level on points with forest with an inferior goal difference. a win for Birmingham would have sent the Robins down instead of blackburn.
half of parents said their children had asked for foods they had eaten at school to be cooked at home. the most popular vegetables were carrots, sweetcorn and peas. of the parents questioned, 628 had children who ate school lunches.
man, 56, pronounced dead at the scene of the crash in a field off burrows lane, in the middle Stoke area, on sunday. no-one else was in the aircraft, which crashed at about 16:18 GMT.
Eugenijus Tulauskas, 44, was up to four times over the maritime limit when arrested. a pilot had to take control of the container ship to ensure its safe passage into harbour. the seaman was fined £1,500 at Belfast Magistrates' court
Agustin carstens, 53, is a former central bank governor and former finance minister. his supporters say he is the ideal candidate to lead the IMF. he graduated with an economics degree from the autonomous technological institute of mexico.
the British embassy in Tehran is expected to be reopened within days, during a visit to Iran by foreign secretary Philip Hammond. the move follows a deal agreed by Iran with six world powers on curbing its nuclear programme. it follows an improvement in relations in recent months following the election of
Luke Berry came closest to opening the scoring in the first half but saw his effort from Piero Mingoia's low cross deflected narrowly off target. Fraser Franks and Connor Ogilvie both required treatment after a nasty clash of heads early in the second period.
the Swift archway craneford 545 caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire, on Thursday night. Davis tweeted that the caravan was locked up with a hitch and wheel lock. he added the thieves could have "headed north or south on a1, or west
the 44th president of the united states will give a speech at an event in Edinburgh. the event is being held to raise money for charity. it is thought to be one of his first major addresses since his term as president came to an end.
the court agreed that the ban sought to guarantee the concept of "living together" the ban was approved in 2011 on the grounds of security. some argued the veil was a symbol of the oppression of women.
Martin gallagher, 25, faces a charge under the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act. prosecutors claim he committed the offence at the parkhead clash on september 10. the charges include the display of a banner that contained a "threatening and offensive remark
police said the shopper "defended herself by repeatedly hitting the female offender over the head with the packet of bacon" in a facebook post. CCTV obtained by altrincham today suggests the police report was slightly more dramatic than the actual incident.
black and white images show the execution of Alfredo jauregui, who was convicted of killing former president Jose Manuel Pando in 1917. the silent documentary, filmed in 1927, captures the young man moments before his execution, smiling nervously at the camera. according to Bolivian law
the US economy is expected to grow by 2.3-2.7% versus a top growth rate of 3% in the December forecasts. the last rate hike was eight years ago in 2007 and it's been at rock bottom since the 2008 financial crisis. some are concerned about the Fed's move toward
island's conservative executive council votes against a motion of no confidence in Andrew Turner. opposition said he caused "turmoil" over his personal arrangements and past expenses. Mr Turner, who has been the Island's MP for 14 years, says he is "very pleased" at the vote
Ayshah went to Liverpool to find out if she's got what it takes to become a WWE superstar. watch her get some help from Finn balor, enzo amore, big cass and bayley.
dong nguyen, the creator of the game, has removed it from online stores. he said the game's removal was not due to legal issues. the game has been downloaded more than 50 million times.
bags lined up in rows in front of the resort's big wheel close to the pier. the protest comes ahead of an EU leaders' meeting over the crisis. pm david cameron will attend the summit in Brussels.
nine places are available on the six-week royal household hospitality scholarship initiative. successful applicants will be attached to the master of the household's department. training could include shadowing a service team at official events.
world number two Jamie Murray beats 10th seed milos raonic 6-2 6-0 in 66 minutes. he will next play defending champion Rafael Nadal, who beats Stan wawrinka 6-1 6-4. gael monfils and Jo-wil
Oscar pistorius denies intentionally shooting girlfriend reeva steenkamp. prosecution says he shot through the door, believing she was a burglar. forensic expert said he thought he hit the door with the bat from a low angle.
families would have to ration their food and had little communication. luxuries like chocolate and fruit were very difficult to find. families had to grow their own food to survive.
